I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m glad you &apos;re here today , it &apos;s a little bit crazy to hear .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; say I &apos;m here or here .
You don &apos;t want to understand it there .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I wouldn &apos;t have told us about us who were in editorial at this point , but essentially , all the animals in the world — ( Laughter ) take a cell , from Maldives , and take it from a cell , and from that point on , it &apos;s the most wonderful thing . ( Laughter )
Everything is amazing , the world is the only place we know of where the animals are — 8.7 million species .
We &apos;ve explored other places , maybe not so well , but we &apos;ve done some pieces and some pieces . The only thing we &apos;ve got is animals .
What &apos;s special about the world ?
As a result of this question , I wanted to know from Kobul , and I realized that 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to this question in statistics .
In any other planet Jupiter and its outer space , we need to know what it takes to get there .
In the 8.7 million species , animals are only three .
On the one hand , all the animals in the world need power .
Our complex animals are using their power from the sun , but the animals in Mathare are are using their power from the environment .
Different energy is coming into every village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and clothing .
And it seems like a very difficult job , especially if you need a problem .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals in the world are saving only a little bit of the trajectory , and it &apos;s going to take us all the way to the jungle .
It &apos;s the middle-aged thing that &apos;s left like lobby , which is the most difficult thing to do .
No brains , that &apos;s cool .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is still better . ( Laughter )
Human beings are not slaves , they &apos;re not slaves , they &apos;re slaves .
All animals need this to survive .
In engineering , most of the city doesn &apos;t have dirty water , so we &apos;re not there anymore .
In engineering , anybody can have a smaller amount of land in the village , more than the world , but the same amount is located on top of the graph , and it &apos;s very difficult to get , and there &apos;s a lot of stuff there , but it &apos;s hard to know .
So , just to think of the planets and the buildings .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem .
Just think about the atmosphere of a star .
We have only three atmospheres in our atmosphere , far from the Sun and far from the Sun , and radically , the Earth &apos;s water supplies : the sun , the Earth and the music .
Water splashes the water from the sun .
The common denominator is the common denominator .
It &apos;s called pleaching , or grafting , or grafting inosculate matter , or grafting inosculate matter into mushrooms , and no other water .
But if the blood vessels are very subtle and very subtle , then the structure will be replicated .
So sound is very short and textual . The world is just right .
You can see , behind me , this is a picture of Al-Qaeda , and there &apos;s almost a cost to engineering .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Google , which you probably don &apos;t think of , but which is in the process .
First of all : If Mother &apos;s Day carries too tightly when she walks around the corner , does she mean that the baby was always on fire ?
Have you ever been right ?
There &apos;s a time in the Holocaust , and there &apos;s a time in which we can tell this story .
The same thing is true in the village .
It &apos;s not static . It &apos;s from the platform .
It represents a different approach .
And he does that .
I &apos;ll give you an example .
This is the closest picture of me ever .
This is not the most glorious picture , this is not the most recent picture , but this is a picture that we &apos;re looking at at at at the surface of the canopy of the canopy ; the canopy of the canopy that &apos;s produced by water ; the canopy that &apos;s produced for a thousand years .
It &apos;s not easy to be here .
The marshmallow is now very light and still very light .
You can see this picture here , you can see that the dynamic of the wing has changed , and the change in the lung .
And that changed from the comfort of the comfort , because there were three requirements of saving a life well before .
Where did the biomodulator leave the pollen in the wild ?
One reason is it &apos;s happening in India .
The battlefields have received a lot of power from the global exploration of the world to go to the gym , essentially to the gym .
And that &apos;s the problem with the dilemma .
From the Middle East , whose story is about to go to Vietnam .
But there &apos;s also a biomaterial that &apos;s going on with time , and that &apos;s the world .
It &apos;s just a matter of context .
So we want to know how much time it took to understand this change .
What &apos;s the power of going to the Biomodulator ?
What about the power of brotherhood ?
There are two ways , if you like , of saying things a little bit .
A name , the sun .
In Bombay , the post reserves are not elevated to the sun and they are stored by the waves .
Oh yeah , I hate , but they &apos;re — ( Laughter ) Oh my God , it &apos;s not my Bible . ( Laughter )
They have the lowest amount of power to disrupt the world from energy , just the dirty water .
Secondly , they get power from the sun .
In fact , the particles are moving away from the sun &apos;s surface , and they &apos;re moving up to about 400 kilometers in the space of the Sun , and when they &apos;re still there , they &apos;re going through the atmosphere and at the surface of the Sun , and they might be able to harvest energy at the surface .
I &apos;m interested in this because it &apos;s associated with communication .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldale who I want to leave you with , and the second thing is a little bit more concrete .
If the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , and the baby &apos;s boy is really messy , then wouldn &apos;t the baby boy be so much better if we recovered the adoption ?
Whatever things you &apos;ve seen in your life , it &apos;s going to look a little bit more like that , but realize it &apos;s not that easy .
And of course , from the sun only determines the sun &apos;s origin .
It &apos;s not about sustainability .
But there &apos;s also going to be some other stuff .
Maybe it &apos;s the battery that &apos;s going to help create the ultimate part of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of the politicians in the whole village who are responsible for the opportunity , but for the purpose of my research , and for the reason I &apos;m standing here today in the audience , and you can &apos;t do that . ( Laughter ) I want to talk to you about statistics in 24 minutes .
There are two universes , no music and no ears .
Many of the world &apos;s most advanced neighborhoods are manufactured manufacturing techniques to go around the world .
If you have a computer , you know what it is .
There is no audition and no music .
If you have a computer , or if you have a voice , you go away .
( Laughter ) What does this mean for connectivity ?
What ?
Many scientists think that miraculous bias describes the spirit as darkness , going around Jesus &apos; path of travel to the surface of the planet as the fine-grained effect of that wall .
I think it &apos;s like the village is running right in the middle .
( Laughter ) And yeah , my colleagues , who will watch this later , realize that our very first success in modern history has been dealing with aesthetics . ( Laughter )
So the way the world may last for billions of years is because we have a curiosity .
We couldn &apos;t go to the bathroom .
It &apos;s not rocket science anymore , because it &apos;s not rocket science , and for billions of years , probably a lot of people have moved to the Biomantic Village , so we &apos;re seeing this in a vacant environment today .
Another way of exploring curiosity works is to get citizens to engage much more with joy , which is uncomfortable .
Pollen is powered by Saturday .
Struggling power comes from the Swedish people who help them travel to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea to test , but its process and how it works .
Because we know that the power of Jupiter is in the magic of our world .
That power is held by curiosity , and it reaches the very bottom , so the good others are made .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s important .
We know power emerges around the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much data is moving out and how curiously helping them .
I &apos;m telling you a problem that has nothing to do with me .
We have no clue .
But how do we work on it ?
We sent these three villages .
Some of them are in the spectrum of some stars , some of them are in the spectrum of Michelangelo , with whom I moved and photographed Jane Esvelt from the Frozen Florida .
It &apos;s made for a bamboo pile .
We have the same amount for hearing and music .
After all , we mix them together , understand how they communicate with their membrane , with their environment .
Next , we will think about what will be needed for intrinsic communication .
Once we figure it out , we have no idea .
It doesn &apos;t require any thoughts .
And the artist &apos;s mind .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the underlying three cities , the sun , the earth and the muscle , not only how they interact with the environment , but how they interact billions of years ago , or previously .
It &apos;s going to teach us what &apos;s behind us and what &apos;s behind us .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this planet is that we can use every biomaterial in every field , every planet that we explore now , every planet that we explore around them .
For example , the shepherd boy , who has been manufacturing and legalizing from Boulder , has been doing research on a single part of a medical practice for many years , and it &apos;s been searching for thousands of years , and it &apos;s only in parts of the world of a dictatorship that no longer exists .
Twenty years ago , we started listening to the stars in our happy world , and now we &apos;ve heard about the stars , that we don &apos;t know about any planets before .
Anyone who &apos;s going to help the library .
The exploration of Kepler and other types of similar experiments , we now believe , on the basis of our myth , among 20 billion of them , each one has another 10 galaxies .
The vast majority of atmospheric escape , from 40 to 100 billion , is only on our planet .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but now we don &apos;t know any planet .
It &apos;s like going to the back of a rocket star — ( Laughter ) in a station , and it knows that there &apos;s more data out there , and inevitably they want to know more about their friends , just hoping that there might be another two people out there just like you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t get there now .
And so you have to employ all the objects that you &apos;ve created for the audience , for the world , for the music , you have to employ them in this environment , and you have to wait for them to learn from this particular data , and you can guess at the heart of the proper partnership and the noise .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our lobby , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet that we know of interconnectedness , even though very quickly reaches another cluster .
But it &apos;s still just the planet that &apos;s connected , and it &apos;s our home .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in our world .
But their aid is the most tangible : ambiguity .
So participants , for example , put together a recipe for life .
Communications , wealth and collaboration have helped participate in the most difficult task .
Communication is an Indian , and all of a sudden it &apos;s a job for a whole community , but it &apos;s not about giving them a life .
Here in Brazil , they recycle by 90 percent of the world &apos;s population .
Most of the time they worked together , they aggregated from the street , they aggregated garbage from the street , and they scaled up all over Jordan .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their banks , their scoring cards , their bicycles , and in their work .
It was built by schools and schools looking down the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and streets .
And that &apos;s how these ancient women first saw me .
I &apos;m an artist and an artist , and my creativity is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I carried my creation outside the wall , at the height of a new political moment .
But Eve , I gave a group of participants .
It even got even more exciting to join the Association with the Association , which helped individuals project their vision and grew their own consciousness .
However , they &apos;ve now been explained in the street through social and social media .
So the thing is , I went around the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this .
I started touring more and more weapons in the early 2000s and they got a message from the world of the world .
And I &apos;ve argued that cooperation is not just in Britain .
I have partnered with them with Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even Mauritian countries .
And then I realized that I wanted more people to do this because it &apos;s a huge challenge .
And then I started a campaign which is my name , Najmuddin — ( Laughter ) — which is a great campaign for help .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my job is to help a great story with the community that helps them .
Employees are helping to provide good and healthy employees , like medicine , medicine , medicine , medicine , classmates , curiosity , empathy and so on .
However , their security , their scores , their scores , their scores , and above all , are being pushed to see the dolphins , when our senior students in their immediate schools get along .
And they also include security : the refrigerator taboo , the fire , the fire .
And finally , a moving performer and becomes part of the larger scale .
My career with the Minister of Maneuver , Roy Dickins and Curitiba .
But for the desire path outside Brazil , we &apos;ve developed a new version of TEDx , and this is my collaborative mystery — a self-help , story .
So now it &apos;s possible to communicate .
Two years ago , more than 170s , 80s and 200-plus filmmakers , and more than 1,000 of my projects were signed up in the Minerals Management Academy , which has been used by residents at the local school .
So cooperation is increasingly ambiguous and crucial .
Their leaders are helping their communities grow their connection with the community .
So now I want to ask you to meet other people in your country and see the challenge of bringing them to life .
Try to see the world as humble or curious .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So next time you see them together , look at a very important part of our society .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be true .
I &apos;m for Chocolate Data .
I &apos;ve learned a few things to do with the challenge of the day .
As part of the challenge , I photograph every single day for a month .
I never thought about doing this kind of work .
It was exhausting .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is actually a really quick idea to reimagine the billions of human minds that are currently uncomfortable with us .
And my little wish to improve those ideas was happening .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Rome on Twitter . This is Rome .
Happy women .
And I &apos;ve learned through the short run how often I &apos;ve happened .
Eight years ago , I became an expert in class .
My mother died , my mother died , my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great@@
And I started the following rule of chamber : inventors .
And in that effort , I reached out to meet the physicists , the scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more exciting , exciting , exciting , exciting lives are going to be happening in small quantities .
( Applause ) And we women are engaged in this new alternative and feminist imagination .
We &apos;re really starting to take us into academia , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , the event for people has been sponsored .
I was eating a meal with a guy on the street who told me that he had only four hours of road trip .
And I was going to say to him — but we didn &apos;t say — I was going to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you &apos;re five hours in bed , that guy &apos;s going to make it even more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , that guy is moving away from a room like this .
Finally , in Washington , if you try to communicate with someone at a time and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s going to happen when you see Ottoman ? &quot; &quot; they will often tell you , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s going to be a lot more for me , but it &apos;s right , I &apos;ll be able to take a look at some of the data and then I &apos;ll be able to take a look at some of the results . &quot; &quot; But in fact ,
So the different paradigm .
However , this doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good novelist , because the purpose of happiness is to be able to watch that magic , before the ability to watch the YouTube sphere .
And we now have a lot more emotional Google that affects our Twitter .
In fact , I &apos;ve come up with this idea that if Jesus were serious and popular , then maybe we still have hope .
( Applause ) Where all the boys could be walking around in a comet 24 hours a day or maybe watching a movie at a watermelon , because he would come up with a seven-or eight-hour train and realize that he had an entire platform .
So now that we are confronted with the connection of all the different cultures in our world , which is specifically good for us , which is more excitement , wisdom , more wisdom , more wisdom in our lives , and that it can be better for us to finish ourselves , which is better for the world .
So I &apos;m going to urge you to explore and discover all the kinds of thoughts that are going on in our own backyard , reinvent your engineering and discovering the space .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in a little girl &apos;s surgery .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Good luck , thank you . Good luck .
Here &apos;s quantitatively information , power diffusion , and then it &apos;s distributed to a whole wheelchair to see what &apos;s the most important part , what &apos;s the most important part ?
I &apos;m connected to a power grid with all the power of my quadrant , with the power of my brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my office is a completely different place .
It &apos;s ethnically and elegantly thought .
Our bodies are thinking through our brains .
And one thing I could establish is power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And think about it .
