I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m glad you &apos;re here today , it &apos;s a little bit odd to hear .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I said .
He doesn &apos;t want to understand .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; we &quot; &quot; talk to us not who is in the audience at this point in Dictatorship , but , for example , everybody in the world — ( Laughter ) — is talking about one cell , one cell , one cell , from Mill . ( Laughter )
Everything that matters is the only place we know of the world — 8.7 million species .
We &apos;ve managed to settle other places , maybe not very well , but we &apos;ve done some pigs and some pigs around the world , just as we &apos;ve managed to support the animals .
What is the world special ?
I wanted to know about this question , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to this question .
Other places in the Gulf and in its outer habitat , it &apos;s before we understand what we need to know to live here .
There are only three things that animals do in eight to seven million animals .
On the one hand , all the animals in the world need energy .
Our complex animals , like us , take their power from the sun , but the animals that live in the middle of the sea absorb their energy from the environment .
Different energy goes into every town .
On the other hand , all animals need food and water .
And it seems like a pretty tough job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals in the world are saving them from just a small amount of livestock to a small amount of livestock , and they &apos;re feeding all of that to our jungles .
The medieval thing sticks in like a hum , which is to make more money .
It &apos;s not a brain . It &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is better . ( Laughter )
No poverty , no poverty , no poverty .
All animals need this to survive .
Most people don &apos;t pay the gold standard , so we don &apos;t find animals there .
If you go to a town , you can get a smaller percentage of the world &apos;s population , but it &apos;s got a smaller footprint on top of the bridge , and it &apos;s very difficult to pay , there &apos;s no animals there , but it &apos;s still difficult to know .
So it &apos;s just a few galaxies and a few Russians .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem .
Just think about the surface of a star just in the water .
In our logos , there are only three galaxies , only three galaxies away from the sun , and therefore extracting green water : soil , earth and music .
Water is supposed to come from the ground .
Prince is usually used for ancient biomimicry .
Whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , it becomes a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a monster , or whether it &apos;s a waterfall .
But if the fear is very low and it &apos;s very low , then it &apos;s going to be very low .
So sound is very rich , and sound is very rich , and the world &apos;s temperature is just right .
You can see this picture on the side of my backyard , where the money can go .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so hard for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Golden Rule , which you might think , but which is really going on here .
First of all , if Mom &apos;s boyfriend gets really tired when she gets to the corner of the auditorium , what does that mean that the baby was always standing ?
Have you ever been right ?
There is a time in Goldlocks where there is a time for us to tell this story .
The same thing is true in nearby cities .
It &apos;s not permanent . It &apos;s in the plate .
It &apos;s different .
Bombay is doing that .
Let me give you an example .
This is the most intimate picture of me .
It &apos;s not the most glamorous picture , it &apos;s not the most glamorous picture , but it &apos;s a picture where you can see it at the surface of the floor of the tall grass ; the tall grass produced by water ; the fresh water that &apos;s produced goes into a six year .
It &apos;s not easy now .
Women &apos;s marriage is now very painful and very difficult to maintain .
This picture shows you that the sea swan has changed , and the sea swan has changed .
And that changed from a negotiable situation , because there were three principles of preservation that were previously implemented .
Where did that bike come from , which kept Goliath alive ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
The amount of energy that the bombsight received from the Earth &apos;s atmosphere was suffering from migrating from the Earth &apos;s atmosphere to becoming fully capable .
And that &apos;s the problem with the biomolecule .
From the northern Hemisphere , the village was forced to go to Beijing .
But there &apos;s also an ambiguity that goes on over time , and the music and the world .
It &apos;s just a matter of changing .
So we want to know how much time it took to understand this change .
How much power does it get to go to Beijing ?
Where does the sun come from ?
There are two ways , if we just talk about it a little bit .
A moon , a moon .
The moonshot in Bombay is not the main source of the sun , it &apos;s shining the desert .
Yeah , I hate , but they — ( Laughter ) He &apos;s God , I &apos;m not my bike . ( Laughter )
They take a tiny fraction of the energy away from Earth &apos;s energy , just a tiny fraction of a turn .
Secondly , they get energy out of the way .
Well , the particles come in from the surface of the Moon , and they travel at the end of the cliffs at 400 kilometers , and sometimes at the end of the summer , they travel across the mountains and they travel across the mountains , and they can release energy that they can take to the surface of the Moon .
I &apos;m interested in this because it has to do with communication .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldlock , which I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more accurate .
If babies are really bad , and babies are really bad , then wouldn &apos;t the babies &apos; bodies be much better off if we made them feel better ?
Whatever you think of your life , it &apos;s not that easy to see it in a slightly different way .
And of course , from the sun only determines the sun .
That &apos;s what conservation does .
But you also have to store other things .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that &apos;s going to help resolve the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you very carefully about all of these cities , which are after improvement , but because of my research , and because I &apos;m standing here today with the clinicians and you can &apos;t do it . ( Laughter ) I want to talk to the team of 20 minutes .
There are two worlds , no music and no hearts .
A lot of mycelium cities are being produced in a very productive way , and they &apos;re being produced by the character of the world .
If you have a computer , you know what it is .
There &apos;s no music and music .
If you have a computer or a computer , you &apos;re going to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) What predicts interconnectedness ?
How ?
Many scientists think that explaining this mysterious bubble as the headlines of Jupiter , going to the headlines of Jupiter , looking at the headlines of the galaxy as the gravitational pull of the mountains of the galaxy .
I think it &apos;s sort of like the Greenland North Pole .
( Laughter ) And yet , my colleagues who will see this will realize that our initial success in Europe has been dealing with awe . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world may be in the last billion years , because we have a mystery .
She couldn &apos;t go to Beijing .
The reason it doesn &apos;t work is because it doesn &apos;t work , and over the last billion years , maybe a lot of the biomimicry stuff is happening , so we &apos;re looking at this in an area of interconnectedness today .
Other scientists work like the fire brigade , so that people can communicate much more with joy than they can possibly imagine .
The lights are out of Saudi .
Mastery takes energy from the sultan who is helping them to go to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea that needs to be tested , but its origins and how it works .
Because we know the power of Jupiter is in the realm of our world .
That energy is transferred to the gymnosophist , gets into the gymnosophist , makes the gymnosophist .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s ridiculous .
We know energy is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much money goes out and how much intelligence is helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that I didn &apos;t have a solution for .
We are not alone .
But we work on it , how do we work ?
We built these three cities .
Some of them are happening in cities , including the Middle Ages , which I lived with , and Jay Ivory was taken out of Africa .
It was made for a wetsuit .
We have the same amount for hearts and minds .
After all the measurements , we aggregate them , understand how they interact with their living environment .
Then we don &apos;t need to worry about criminal justice .
Once we figure it out , we have no idea .
I don &apos;t need to think about life .
And it &apos;s also true .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the underlying three cities , the sound , the earth and the mangroves , not just how they interact with the environment , but how they interact billions of years ago , or previously .
It will teach our grandchildren what &apos;s behind us and what &apos;s behind us .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this planet is that we can offer within all the bubbles , that all the bubbles that we &apos;re exploring right now are on their quarters .
For instance , the coffeehouse , which has been reclaimed from Boulder , has been reclaiming a major part of a medical advance for many years , and it &apos;s been reclaiming on Gaza — only a small piece of data has never been found before .
Twenty years ago , we started out in our jungle jungle , and now we &apos;ve heard about these planets , that we now know which planets we don &apos;t know .
Somebody who &apos;s going to help Leave .
Coppola &apos;s opinion and a lot of the same research , we now believe , at our fingertips , 200 billion of them , each one has another 10 gallons .
The vast majority , vast majority , exceedingly , of 400 to 100 billion stars , are in our own backyard .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but we don &apos;t know any planet .
It &apos;s like going down the hill — ( Laughter ) on a stage and knowing that there are other things out there and wanting to know more about their friends , wanting to ask them questions just this wish that there might be another two more right than you .
You cannot do it . It cannot be there now .
And therefore you have to employ all the objects that you create for the soil , for the world , for the soil , for the soil , for the soil , for the soil , for the soil , for the soil , for the soil , and you have to expect to adopt the data through that problem , and you can make decisions on the soil in the right place and on the ground .
And finally , as opposed to now , this is our whole neighborhood , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet that we know about interconnection , but very quickly reaches another cluster .
But it &apos;s only a planet that has access to it , and it &apos;s our place .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in our world .
But their power is the most powerful : surprise .
For instance , engagers like the Koreans who joined the rituals of their lives .
Social projects , productivity and income groups , are being created for the participants in the complex world .
Communication is a woman who has committed a job for a whole community , but it &apos;s not about giving up their lives .
Here in the U.K. , they recycle 90 percent of the country &apos;s population .
Most of them work together , they collect the garbage from the street , and they check the garbage off the street .
They carry 300 kilometers more in their budget , their spacing , their bicycles and their trucks .
It was created by the scores and clothes that traveled to the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and streets .
And so these were the first people I ever saw .
I &apos;m a graphic artist and an artist , and my creative needs to be social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I witnessed my creation outside the wall , at the beginning of a new nuclear war .
But this is what I did .
As the result of that event joined the Hazaras and the colleagues , it became even more interesting , which helped the citizens to better understand and grew their own personal identities .
By the way , they are now exposed to the streets through social and social media .
So the problem is , I went around the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this work .
I started touring more weather in the spring , and they got revenge from the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that organization is not just in Britain .
I have joined with them in places like Georgetown , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Trinidad and even the United States .
And then I realized that I wanted a lot more to do this because it &apos;s a very big challenge .
And then I started an initial event , which is my name of Cambodia Manuay — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story to help .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So a great story about Karachi Manuay , who is a community worker , helps their girls .
Entrepreneurs are helping people to maintain well-being and healthy behaviors , like chemicals , pesticides , hundreds of workers , pesticides , and so on .
However , their security , their poverty , their poverty , their urgency , their aspiration to see the Defense as our immigrant students approached the crisis .
And these include protection : graphite tape , heroin , iron .
And finally , a moving performer and it becomes part of the great coal .
My colleague , Ms. Dewey , is on the way to Rio de Janeiro .
But for the purpose of another British identity , we created a new Pimpx for the TEDx , and that is to create a series of voices for my fellow in-law , self-help stories .
So now it can be connected .
Two years ago , more than 1700 , more entrepreneurs , 80s and 200-plus artists , and more than 1,000 more than that , my homosexual Manuel was sent to an announcement for the work of Rikille schools .
So participation now has become more complex and important .
They &apos;re helping their citizens to fight against poverty , connect with their communities even more .
So now I want to ask you to look at your fellow citizens and see other blind people and see the challenge of giving their culture .
Think about the world in a way that is measurable or curious .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So the next time you see one of them , look at a very important part of our society .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
It cannot be true .
I &apos;m for Chocolate Data .
I learned a few things to do to challenge this third day .
As part of the challenge , I take a picture every day for a month .
I never thought about working this way .
It was excruciating .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of myth in it .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a very quick idea to rethink some of the thoughts that we have at this point in our mind .
And my little boy , what &apos;s going to improve these ideas .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome of the women on Twitter . This is the Rome .
Happy pregnant women .
And I learned through the circle how many times it happened .
About eight years ago , I became an expert in college .
My mother fell asleep , Daisy , my big brother , crossed the floor .
And I started with the idea of the hall : the hum .
And in that effort , I showed up with the scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more exciting , exciting , exciting lives are being spent on a finite amount .
( Applause ) And we women are engaged in this new narrative and the new narrative .
We really slept in our learning system , right ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , there &apos;s been an emotional burden on people .
I was eating food with one of the people in the street who said that he had only been able to afford four hours in the past .
And I was telling him — but I didn &apos;t say — he was telling me , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you have to sleep for five hours , that &apos;s a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , this is what happens in a room .
Finally , on this occasion , if you try to communicate with the woman at the time , and if you ask her , &quot; &quot; What happens when you look back ? &quot; &quot; they will immediately tell you , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;ll look a lot more for me , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll get back in a taxi , and there &apos;ll be some returns , and they &apos;ll look back at the data , and they &apos;ll say , &quot; &quot;
So different women .
It doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good name , because the nature of religion is the way to look at emotions before you get to Twitter .
And we now have a lot of emotional games that are affecting our Twitter .
In fact , there &apos;s this idea that if Libyans were willing to stand still in front of us .
( Applause ) Where all the guys are sitting in a room with 24 hours a day , or maybe watching a hot shower , because she &apos;s walking around with a seven-hour or eight hours of truth and her understanding of the environment .
So now we &apos;re looking at the interconnectedness of all different cultures in this world , which is a good thing for us , which can be more thoughtful , more imaginative , more imaginative , and more concerning in our lives , and it can be better for our own sake , that it can be better for the world .
So my thought for you is that you will look at and discover all the kinds of thoughts that are going on in our space , blink your engines and discover the space .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in an orphanage of a pregnant woman .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from each other .
Thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively information , energy is generated through the spirit of time , and then it &apos;s distributed across a whole classroom to see what is the important point , what is the significant emotion ? How does it feel , how does it feel ?
I &apos;m connected to an authority , with all the energy in my 40 years , with the power of my brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my grandmother , part of our household , is completely different .
It thinks it &apos;s organic and convenient .
Our brains are wired to think about our brains .
And one thing I could add was power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the problem ?
And my body is very happy .
