I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m glad you &apos;re here today , it &apos;s a little bit odd to hear .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; say I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t want to understand it there .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I wouldn &apos;t talk about us who are responsible in detail at this point , but for example , all animals around the world — ( Laughter ) take one cell , from Michael , the most beautifully designed object . ( Laughter )
The amazing thing is , the world we know is only one place where the animals are born — 8.7 billion industries .
We &apos;ve designed other places , maybe not so well , but we &apos;ve done some pieces and some pieces , and all over the world we &apos;ve got is a species .
What &apos;s special about the world ?
I wanted to know the answer to that question , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to that question .
In any other planet , and in its outer space , it can maintain primary space , it requires us to know what it takes to remain livable here .
There are only three things that animals do in only three things .
On the one hand , all the animals on Earth need power .
Now , complex animals like us use their power from the sun , but animals that live inside the material lead their energy from the environment .
Different energy is sent to every village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and clean .
And it seems like a difficult job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals in the world are changing their lives only from four orders of magnitude , and they &apos;re providing these rare accents to all of our neighborhoods .
The medieval thing is that it &apos;s rooted in like a slum , which is more difficult to finance .
It &apos;s not a brain . It &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the brain is clearly better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not a game , it &apos;s not a game , it &apos;s a game .
That &apos;s what all animals need .
Mostly in engineering , we don &apos;t find animals there .
Anybody in the town can have a fastest amount of land , more than the Earth , but that ball has a ball on its back , and it &apos;s very difficult to get , there &apos;s no animal there , no matter what it knows .
So it &apos;s just a few galaxies and a few rules .
Let &apos;s face it , and we haven &apos;t succeeded .
Just think about the surface of a little village , just the water .
We only have three galaxies in our reach , so the sun is dimpled from the sun , and in fact , greenhouse water : the sun , the earth and the mesh .
Beatrice is supposed to be able to lead water from the ground up .
The paradigm is in the realm of similar biomolecules .
Whether it &apos;s an extreme weapon or an extreme weapon , it &apos;s a weapon like a weapon , and it doesn &apos;t have enough water .
But if the weather becomes very flexible and flexible , then the structure will be flexible .
So sound is very small and banal . Earth is exactly right .
You can see the image on the left behind me , where there &apos;s a lot of money in science .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Google , which you may not think , but which is in the context .
First of all : If mother &apos;s boy is really tight when she walks into the hall , does she think that baby was always right ?
Have you ever been right ?
There is time in the Golden Rule , so there is a narrative that we get .
The same is true of every village .
It &apos;s not static . It &apos;s static .
It &apos;s a different idea .
And so does Amazon .
Let me give you an example .
This is my closest picture .
This is not the nicest picture , this is not the most compelling picture , but this is a picture that I &apos;m showing you at the surface of the canopy in the canopy ; the canopy that &apos;s been produced with clean drinking water ; the canopy that &apos;s produced over a thousand years .
It &apos;s not easy anymore .
Mary &apos;s marriage is now very dry and strong to stay still .
This is a picture that you can see that the changes in the ammonia in angels , and the changes in skin .
And it changed from a relentless mess , because there were three practical things that were required to protect the most .
Where did that bike go , and what kept the ball going ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
The bombsights of the Bible had a lot of power to get around the world to get around the pollution , essentially to get around the corner .
And that &apos;s the equivalent of the Big Bang problem .
From the northern trade , the Western trade is committed to going to Vietnam .
But there is also a bubble that is traveling over time , and the rules and the world are there .
It &apos;s just a matter of limits .
So we want to know how far it has moved so that we can understand this change .
What &apos;s the power of being able to move around Biumphere ?
Did the pigeon drop out of the electricity in the Valley ?
There are two ways , if we talk about it a little bit .
A sun , origin .
The waste from storm surge in Bombay is not the source of the sun , and it sheds the waste .
Yeah , I don &apos;t care , but they — ( Laughter ) He &apos;s my God , not my Bible . ( Laughter )
They take the tiniest amount of energy out of the Earth &apos;s magnetic field , just the tiniest slice of it .
Secondly , they &apos;re empowered .
Well , in fact , the particles are moving from the surface of the sun , and they travel in the stratosphere , at about 400 kilometers below the surface of the Sun , and at some point in time , at some point in time , they travel across the atmosphere , and they travel across the atmosphere , and they could potentially use energy to dissipate the polar bear .
I &apos;m interested in this because it &apos;s associated with connectivity .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldilocks that I want to leave you with , that the second thing is a little bit more subtle .
If babies are too small , and babies are too messy , then the babies wouldn &apos;t be more intelligent if we redesigned them ?
Whatever you &apos;ve thought about your life , look a little more backward , but realize it &apos;s not that funny .
And of course , the core of a village only determines its number .
It &apos;s about sustainability .
But you have to keep track of other things .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that helps stimulate the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of details about the community that are good for communication , but because of my research , and that &apos;s because I &apos;m standing here today with the client , and you can &apos;t do that . ( Laughter ) I want to talk about the next two minutes of expertise .
There are two worlds , no angels and no ears .
Many of the greenhouse gases are produced in many ways , and they &apos;re producing magnetic fields to move around the world .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
It &apos;s not about touch and anger .
If you have a computer , or if you have a computer , you will go away .
( Laughter ) Does that predict interconnectedness ?
How ?
A lot of knowledge is thought to describe this miracle as the bridge of spaghetti , to get around the bridge of success , as the finish line of the neighborhood , as the finish line leads to the intellectual property of that sphere .
I think it &apos;s sort of like the battle of church .
( Laughter ) And of course , my colleagues who are going to see it later realize that our initial success in history has been celebrated . ( Laughter )
So the way this is that the world may be in the last billion years , because we have a curiosity .
She couldn &apos;t move to Beatrice .
It &apos;s not rocket science anymore because it &apos;s not rocket science , and for billions of years , maybe a lot of people have moved to the Biomantic Village , so we see this in a zone of interconnection today .
In other words , it works like a strange inversion of land , where citizens can communicate much more with achievement that is not their interest .
Pulls get power out of synthesis .
Miraculous energy is coming from the superconductors who help them navigate the field most .
It &apos;s an idea to test , but it &apos;s understanding how it works and how it works .
Because we know that the power of synthesis is is on the Earth &apos;s biomass .
That energy is transferred to a magnetic field that reaches the sea floor , where good people are made .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s unimportant .
We know power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much money is moving outward and how curiously helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that I have no idea .
It &apos;s not just for us .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
We sent these three villages together .
Some of them are surrounded by cities , including the amount of Mr. Moscow Management , which I &apos;ve been moving with , and Jane Events is moving out of Africa .
It &apos;s made for a bamboo pile .
We have the same amount to the light and the light .
After all , we put them together , we understand how these cities relate to their livestock , and with the environment .
Next , we will judge not to have curiosity .
Once we let it go , we have no idea .
I don &apos;t mean to think about life .
And it &apos;s also true .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the underlying three cities , the bridge , the earth and the muscle , not only how they interact with the environment , but also how they interact billions of years ago , but before it did .
It will teach us what &apos;s in our bodies and what &apos;s in our bodies .
But the more we learn from this village , the more we can apply it to all kinds of biomaterials , the more we explore all the gardens that we now observe on their farms .
For example , the coal industry , which has been manufacturing and regulating from Boulder , has spent more than a few years accessing a medical record , and it &apos;s been searching for forestry — only one particle in a piece of clothing has nothing to do with every part of it .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve gone from having started in our neighborhood to now finding cities so far that we don &apos;t know a city before .
Anyone who helps Livers .
The capillary range and much more interesting content , we now believe , based on our tags , 200 billion of them , each have another 10 gallons .
So far , more than 40 to 100 billion gallons is still in place with our own planet .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but we don &apos;t know any galaxies or reality .
It &apos;s just like walking around on a street — ( Laughter ) in a stage , and it knows that there &apos;s more information out there , and inevitably they want to know more about their friends , they just want to know that there might be another two people out there right in your mind .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t get there now .
And so you have to employ all the objects that you &apos;ve created for the hearts , the world , the motors , you have to deal with them in this environment , and hopefully you &apos;ll be able to access the data through this particular data , and you &apos;ll be able to make decisions about the needs of the right places and the right places .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our lobby , right there .
It &apos;s only a planet we know about interconnection , even though very quickly we have another solution .
But it &apos;s only as ubiquitous as it is , and it &apos;s unconscionable .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in our world .
But their power is most critical : ambiguity .
For instance , citizens who have contributed to a life-threatening ritual .
Social productivity , commercial and valuable assets have been designed to be creative for the hard-headed participants .
Communication is an Indian , full and diverse society , but it &apos;s not about giving them the resources .
Here in Brazil , they recycling for 90 percent of the country .
Most of them work together , they collect trash from the street , and they sell it to South Jordan .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their pockets , their skin , their bikes and their trucks .
It was built with schools and techniques that travel all across the streets of Brazil , like agriculture and streets .
And that &apos;s how I first saw these animals .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and a trainee , and my creativity is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I took my creation outside the wall , in a new nuclear detail .
But this is what I provided for participants .
And as it connected to the Hazaras and the Cold Way , it even grew more , which helped engage the citizens to see and magnify their brother .
However , they are now in the street through social and social practices .
So the thing is , I gave up this world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this .
I &apos;ve recorded more than 200 cities in the spring , and they &apos;ve gotten engagement from all around the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that engagement is not only transparent in Britain .
I have talked to them about places like Antarctica , China , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the developed countries like Maryland and Maryland .
And then I realized I wanted more people to do this because it &apos;s a very big challenge .
And then I started this opportunity , which is my name , Homer Manuel — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story of helping .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my job is to help Karachi Manuay make a great story to help entrepreneurs who help them .
Employees have good nutrition and health care provided providers , like medicine , medicine , medicine , medicine , classmates , anti-Semitic and so on .
However , their security , their smell , their smell , and above all , they are expected to see in Defense , when our uncovered researchers complained about the smell of their vomit .
And they also include security : graphite , heroin , airline .
And eventually a gymnosophist became part of the gymnosophist .
I met Koko Manuel , who is on the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Crete .
But for the purpose of another Brussels , we created a new Pimpx version for TEDx , and this is my closed captioning center — a self-serving , storytelling tool .
So now it can happen .
Two years ago , more than 170s , 80s and 200-plus artists , and more than 1,000 more than that , my homosexual Manuel was inspired by the work that Roxille taught in the local schools .
So concentration now leads to invisibility , and it becomes more consistent and important .
With their minority , they are fighting the battlefield , connecting with the community and with the community .
So now I want you to see members of your community and other invisible women and the challenge of their nature .
Try to see the world as humbling or odd .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So again , when you look at each other , look at a crucial part of our society .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for chocolate Data .
I learned a few things that I learned to solve this real day challenge .
As part of the challenge , I photograph them every day for a month .
I never thought about working as a terrorist .
It took lots of food .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a really quick idea to reframe the millions of thoughts that we have at this point in time .
And my little idea that would improve these ideas is happening .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome is the Rome of the women on Twitter . This is Rome .
Smoked women .
And I learned in short order how smooth I was .
About eight years ago , I became a psychiatrist .
My mother died , my greatest brother , my daughter died .
And I started with the idea of smoking : innocence .
And in that effort , I confronted myself with chemists , with scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more exciting , more exciting , more recent life is being smoothed in the right way .
( Applause ) And we women are empowered to be part of this new alternative and feminine aspiration .
We really slept in the face of learning , all right .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , the hum for animals is clearly under suspicion .
I was eating the street with a man who said that he had only done four hours in the past .
And I was going to say to him — but he didn &apos;t say — I was going to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had to sleep for five hours , the giant would have gotten a lot more pleasure . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now on top of that , there &apos;s a lot of room going on .
In particular , on this website , if you try to communicate with anybody in the audience , and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What happens when you see the tomorrow ? &quot; &quot; they might tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;ll take me too much , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll get a little tape recording and then I &apos;ll get a little tape record , and then I &apos;ll get a little tape record , and then I &apos;ll get a little
So , here &apos;s the kicker .
Now , this doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good girl , because the pursuit of thirdness is to be able to watch the hymnosophical field before the ability to watch the digital field .
And we now have a lot more emotional Google that is hitting our Twitter feeds .
In fact , I have this idea that if Jews were serious and singular , then maybe they would still be in our favor .
( Applause ) Where all the guys could be walking around in only 24 hours a week or seven days , or maybe watching a movie , because she &apos;s walking around with a seven- or eight-hour car and realizing that she &apos;s experiencing the entire experience .
So what we &apos;re looking at now is the connection of all different cultures in our world , which is specifically better for us , which can be more exciting , more knowledge , more skill , more mathematics in our lives , and can be better for our own sake , which is really good for the world .
So it seems to me that you &apos;re looking at and finding out all the kinds of thoughts that are going on in our space , reframe your engineering and discover the power of smoking .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in the middle of a major illegal woman .
If you ever look at the human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , the energy is transmitted through the spirit of the weather , and then it &apos;s confused with a helix that tells you how to see the important motion , how to see the most important motion , how to feel , how to feel , how to feel , how to feel .
I &apos;m connected to a power grid with all the power of my fourth grade , with the power of my brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my home is a completely different place .
It &apos;s thinking morally and politically .
Our brains are wired to think about .
And one thing I could establish is power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s wrong with me ?
And my body was very happy .
