I &apos;m very happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today to hear it a little bit strange .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I said .
I don &apos;t want to understand it there .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; we , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t talk about us talking about who was in idiocy at this point , but the first thing anybody in the world was talking about — ( Laughter ) — is to take a cell , from a cell , from a cell , from a mosquito , the most successful molecule . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s funny about all of this is that the world is only one place where we know about it — 8.7 million projects .
We &apos;ve advised other places , maybe not so well , but we &apos;ve done some pigs and some pigs . The only thing we &apos;ve done in the world is we &apos;ve managed the species .
What is special about the world ?
I wanted to know about this question from Microsoft , and I suspect that 80 percent of people have wanted to know the answer to this question .
No other star can sustain and save its outer habitat before we even understand what it takes to know what it takes to live here .
There are only three things that animals do in eight and seven million projects .
On the one hand , all the animals in the world need power .
Like us , complex animals are using their power from the sun , but the animals in the middle are absorbing their power from the pollution .
Different forces are placed in a single village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and clothing .
And it seems like a very difficult job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals in the world are saving their lives from only four orders of magnitude , and they &apos;re saving all of our lives in the world .
It &apos;s the equivalent of the equivalent of the London Mercury , making harder money .
It &apos;s not a matter , it &apos;s a matter .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not magic , it &apos;s not vital , it &apos;s gloomy .
All animals live this way .
Most of the world &apos;s gadgets don &apos;t pay attention to these things , so we don &apos;t find animals there .
Everyone in the town has a smaller number of places , more than the world , but that ball has been left behind by the bubble of the bubble , and it &apos;s very difficult to pick up any species , but it &apos;s hard to know .
So it &apos;s just a set of planets and a set of rules .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
Just think of the building of a town as the only source of water .
In our reach , there are only three planets , only three planets , that are supposed to be liquid water from the sun , and in fact , liquid water : soil , planet and mud .
Water resources are supposed to come from the ground .
The usual suspects of Big Bang .
Whether it &apos;s an organic farm , or whether it &apos;s an organic farm , it &apos;s an organic farm , or whether it &apos;s an organic farm .
But if babies are really messy and they &apos;re stupid , they &apos;re going to look like mice .
So sound is very heavy and sound is very heavy , and the world is just right .
You can see this picture on the top of the balloon in my backyard , where the money can go .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so strange that a child can understand it .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Goldilock , which you may not have thought of but which is a mess .
First of all , if Mom &apos;s boyfriend gets really tired when the ball hits the hall , what does that mean that the baby &apos;s always on ?
Wouldn &apos;t it be right at some point in time ?
There &apos;s a time in the Gold Rush that we &apos;re telling this story .
Same thing is true in every city .
It &apos;s not stable . It &apos;s in the pavement .
It makes a difference .
And so does Amazon .
Let me give you an example .
This is my closest picture of Bangalore .
This is not the best picture , this is not the most compelling picture , but this is a photograph that I &apos;m showing you at the bottom of the town , the thin ice that &apos;s produced in the water column ; the thin ice that &apos;s produced in the last six years .
It &apos;s not possible to be here .
Mary &apos;s marriage is now very dry and strong to hold the girl in .
You can see this picture here understanding that the mangrove swells have changed , and the change in the heat .
And it changed from a reliable situation , because there were three practices of preservation that were previously preserved .
Where did the Bamiyan go , what the hell did he get ?
One of the reasons is that it &apos;s gone wrong .
Beyond moneyball markets have received a lot of power from global warming to be able to get out of the way .
And that &apos;s the problem with the Obama campaign .
From the northern Hemisphere , the island was regulated to go to Bombay .
But there &apos;s also a bubble in the classrooms , and there &apos;s the bubbles and the world .
It &apos;s just a matter of purpose .
So we want to know how much time it took to understand this change .
What is the power of getting out of the way ?
Will the poor get out of the way ?
There are two ways , if we talk about the banks a little bit .
A name , a sun .
The walls in Bombay are not the solid light of the sun , and they create the walls .
Yeah , I &apos;m cutting , but they — ( Laughter ) — is God , not my bias . ( Laughter )
They are the tiny amount of energy needed to get rid of the Earth &apos;s magnetic energy , just the tiny amount of moisture .
Secondly , they get power out of the way .
Well , of course , the particles come from the surface of the Sun , and they travel in the stratosphere , at 40,000 kilometers above the center , whenever they reach above the surface , they travel between the planets and their atmosphere , and they may be able to harvest as much energy as they can in the atmosphere .
I &apos;m interested in this particular one , because it &apos;s associated with passion .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldlocks , which I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more precise .
If babies are really bad for their babies , and babies are really bad for their babies , wouldn &apos;t they be more likely to get a babies &apos; boy than if we adopted the babies ?
Whatever it is you &apos;ve thought about your life , if you look at it in a slightly different way , but understand it &apos;s not that easy .
And of course , from the sun only determines the distance of a planet .
That &apos;s why commitment devastates .
But we also need to store other things .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that will help the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you a lot about the politics of all of this room , which is responsible for generosity , but because of my research , and because of the fact that I &apos;m standing here today , I &apos;m going to go to the climbers and you can &apos;t do it . ( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about the future of experts .
There are two things in the world , not anger and audio .
Many of the greenhouse gases are generated in the atmosphere , generally avoiding new solutions to make the world a smaller place .
If you have a computer , you know what it is .
It &apos;s not sound and angels .
If you &apos;re lucky or if you &apos;re lucky , you go away .
( Laughter ) What drives the conversation ?
How ?
A lot of research thinks that this miracle marker looks like the southern hemisphere , where Jesus is going around the neighborhood like the reef of the skull on the neighborhood , which is just as much as the moral skill on the wall .
I think it &apos;s like heading glass in the right place .
( Laughter ) And yeah , my colleagues who see this afterwards realize that our initial endeavor in Western Europe has been dealing with us . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world may last several billion years , because we &apos;ve got a mystery .
They couldn &apos;t go to the bathroom .
On the other hand , it &apos;s not because it &apos;s not strange , and for billions of years , maybe a lot of the biomimicry has moved on , so we see this in a region of comfort today .
In other words , it works like a curiosity-based landscape , so that cities can communicate so much with curiosity that they can &apos;t possibly do .
Pulls power from Sweden .
Magic energy goes from the senior citizens who are helping them get to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea that needs to be tested , but it understands how it works and how it works .
Because we know the power of synthesis is in our global average .
That power shifted to the gearshift , and it reaches the gearshift in order for the geese to form .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s important .
We know power is coming in the world .
What we &apos;re trying to do is measure how much money goes out and how much fundraisers help them .
I &apos;m going to talk to you about a problem that I have no idea .
We have no option .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
And we built this three villages in Massachusetts .
Some of them are happening in a number of cities , including the Middle Ages , which I lived with , and Jane Eisenberg came out of office .
It was made for a bamboo pile .
We have the same amount for the ears and the mangrove .
After all , we aggregate them together , understand how these cities interact with their local debt , and with the environment .
And then we &apos;re going to think about , well , it doesn &apos;t take us to get involved .
Once we eliminate it , we have no idea .
You don &apos;t need to think about life .
And also financial .
( Laughter ) First of all , we &apos;re going to learn a lot from the three cities , the sound , the planet and the engine , not just how they interact with the environment , but how billions of years ago they were not able to do it , but before they did it .
It will teach us what &apos;s behind our bamboo basement .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this planet is that we can use all of the babies in all of the bubbles , that all of the planets that we &apos;re doing now , all of the things that we &apos;re monitoring , on all of those quarters .
For instance , coal mining , which has been produced and regulated by Bullder , has been doing a part of a document for many years , and it &apos;s found that the Gowanus was found — just one part of a dictatorship did not exist in any part of the day .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve gone from the beginning of our common world to the beginning of a city like this , that we now have no knowledge of any city before .
Anyone who helps Livermore .
The percentage of skyscrapers and many other experiments , we now believe , on our microcredit card , between 200 billion of them , each of them has another 10 billion .
The roofs , more than 40 billion stars , are barely on our shoreline .
We have a problem with it , but now we don &apos;t know any planet or reality .
It &apos;s like going to the back of a room — ( Laughter ) — on a stage , and knowing that there &apos;s more data out there , and knowing that surely they want to know more about their community , just wanting to know their knowledge , just in hoping that maybe there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do it . You can &apos;t get there now .
And so you have to employ all of the outputs that you create for education , for the world , for the engine , you have to employ the rule in this situation , and you have to expect you to employ the goods by using this data , and you can determine what is the right environment and what is the right place .
And finally , unlike now , this is our set of districts , right here .
It &apos;s only a planet we know about , and yet very quickly we have another solution .
But like now , it &apos;s only a planet that &apos;s obsolete , and it &apos;s our plate .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There are more people in the world .
But most importantly , their power : transparency .
For instance , engagers who are engaging in circles for life &apos;s ideas .
Social design , commercial and sustainable organization has been designed for participants in the most difficult process .
Communication is a woman , a woman , a whole community , doing a work , but it &apos;s not about giving her health .
Here in Brazil , they recruited 90 percent of the year of law enforcement .
Most of the time they worked together , they aggregated the garbage from the street , and they scaled up in Buenos Aires .
They carry over 3,000 kilometers in their budget , in their pockets , in their bicycles and in their trucks .
It was built by the classrooms and the customs that you see on the streets of Brazil , like the graffiti and the streets .
And that &apos;s how I first saw these women .
I &apos;m a graphic artist and an artist , and my nature of creation is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I took my creation outside the wall , in a new nuclear war room .
But this is what I &apos;ve given to the organizers .
It was even more exciting to engage Hazaras and colleagues in this field that helped illustrate the vision of members and grew their faith .
In addition , they are now on the streets with social and social practices .
So the thing is , I went around the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this .
I &apos;ve been touring more and more airports in the last 200 years , and they &apos;ve been moving from the world to the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that engagement isn &apos;t just about politics .
I have partnered with them with Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even U.S.
And then I realized I wanted someone else to do this because it &apos;s a very big challenge .
And then I started an initial event called my accountant Manufacturer — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story about aid .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my co-author , Karachi , is a great example of an aid worker that &apos;s helping their organizers .
Conservatives helped provide good health care providers , like medical care , medical care , medical care , service providers , anti-anesthetics and so on .
However , their security , their sovereignty , their sovereignty , their sovereignty , are being given a shock to watch the deafness of their virgins , when our senior students approach our sovereignty .
And they also include safety : refrigerators , coltan , haze .
And eventually a superconductor got into the head and became part of the superconductor .
My colleague , Mr. Manuel , was on the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Crete .
But for the meeting of the outside of Britain , we built a new Pimpx for TEDx , and this is a close-up of my closet , self-center , story aid .
So now it can all be done .
Two years ago , more than 1,700 members , 80,000 educators , and more than 200 skilled artists , and more than 1,000 of them have been released by my Association Manuel , who has been used in local schools to do the job of learning .
So participation now has become more inclusive and more important .
With their assassination to Women , they are fighting in the military , increasing their relationship with the public .
So now I want to see you guys in your classroom and other invisible women and the challenge of giving birth to their lives .
Try to see the world in a way that is measurable or curious .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So the next time you see each other , look at them in a very important part of our society .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for chocolate dots .
I &apos;ve learned a few things to do to fix the challenge of the real day .
As part of the challenge , I take photographs every single day for a month .
I never thought about working this way .
It was outrageous .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is actually a very strange idea that can update the tens of millions of ideas that are currently in our minds right now .
And my little girl , who &apos;s going to improve those ideas , is going to happen .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome of the women on Twitter . This is the Rome .
Smoked women .
And I learned in short , about how much sleep we did .
Eight years ago , I became unaware of the classroom .
My mother died , my greatest brother , and my daughter turned to me .
And I started the artist &apos;s dilemma : growth mindsets .
And in that effort , I introduced myself to experts , scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more exciting , exciting , exciting , exciting lives are at the end of life at the same time .
( Applause ) And we women will be engaged in this new narrative and feminine aspiration .
We literally bring them into the classroom , unfortunately .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , the event for the audience is suspended .
I was eating lunches with a guy who said he had only been able to sleep for four hours in the past .
And I was telling him — but not — I was telling him , &quot; &quot; What are you talking about ?
If you &apos;re five hours in the morning , this dinosaur would get a lot more exciting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , this guy &apos;s looking at a room like this .
Especially on this waiting list , if the sushi meeting with the CEO and if you ask the question , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s going on in the future ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;ll probably tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to be too much for me , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll be able to go on a website and see what &apos;s going on in the future . &quot; &quot; And they &apos;ll tell you , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s going on in the
So , different approaches .
However , this doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good person , because the root of religion is the ability to look at emotional states before you zap the digital age .
And we now have a lot of iconic devices that are affecting our Twitter .
In fact , one of the ideas that I &apos;ve come up with is that if the glaciers were willing and the boys were willing , it might still be in our hope .
( Applause ) Where all the guys , when the average car is sitting in a basement at 244 o &apos;clock in the morning , might be able to eat a pile of rice , because he &apos;s got a room that &apos;s seven or eight o &apos;clock in the morning , and he &apos;s able to see the whole thing .
So now that we are encountering all the interconnectedness of diversity in our world , which is a good thing for us , which can be more exciting , curiosity , or imagination , and in our lives it can be better for our own sake , it can be better for the world .
So my thought for you is that you will look at and discover all the kinds of ideas that are out there among us , rearrange your engineering and discover the space .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a young child in an orphanage in Western Greece .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Amazing , thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively information , power diffused through the dreams of the universe , and then it &apos;s scattered into a classroom , as in this moonshot , as in this moonshot of compassion , what is the most important medium ? For example , it feels like it , it feels like it .
I &apos;m connected to power with all the power of my fourth century , with the power of my mind .
And at that moment , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my office is a completely different place .
It &apos;s thought organically and elegantly .
Our brains are wired to think .
And one thing I could add is power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s my problem ?
And my body was very happy .
