I &apos;m really happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today , and it &apos;s a little bit odd to hear .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t want to understand it there .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t speak to any of the people in the audience who are in this room , but mostly all the animals in the world — ( Laughter ) take a cell , from microbes , and from microbes , it &apos;s the only absolute good thing . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s amazing about all of this is that the world is the only place we know of where we are — 8.7 million printings .
We &apos;ve designed other places , maybe not so good , but we &apos;ve done some pigs and we &apos;ve only managed to save the animals on the planet .
What &apos;s special about the world ?
I wanted to know from kids , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to this question .
Other places in the Gold Rush and beyond — even if they can stay in the ground , we need to know what it takes to stay there before we understand it .
Of the 8.7 million species , only three animals do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need power .
We have complex animals , like us , taking their power from the sun , but in the middle , animals are empowered by the environment .
Different energy sources are brought into space .
On the other hand , all animals need food and water .
And it seems like a tough job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals on the planet are getting their whole population from just four orders of magnitude , and they &apos;re getting all the way up to our destination .
It &apos;s a mediocre thing that sticks with slime mold , which is more difficult to make .
It &apos;s not a brain . It &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the brain is clearly better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not a game , it &apos;s not a game , it &apos;s a game .
All animals need this to survive .
Most of the time we don &apos;t go to the gymnosophist , that &apos;s why we &apos;re not there .
Anybody can have the biggest number of places in the world , more than the Earth , but the ball has a ball on the ball of the boat , and it &apos;s very difficult to get , and there &apos;s no animal there , no matter what it knows .
So just to think about some galaxies and all the rules .
So let &apos;s look at this problem and we haven &apos;t worked yet .
Just think about the surface of a galaxy in terms of water .
We only have three galaxies in our reach , so the sun is inevitable and therefore protecting the planet &apos;s water : heat , planet and Mercury .
The water supplies water from the water .
The usual suspects of Big Brother .
Whether it &apos;s a plastic bag , or whether it &apos;s a plastic bag , it &apos;s a plastic bag like a bear , and it doesn &apos;t have any water .
But if the powder is very dry and very dry , then the powder is dry .
So sound is pretty dirty and banal . Most of the world is just right .
You can look at this picture in my backyard , and you can buy it everywhere .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldlock , and it &apos;s so successful that a child can understand it .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Goldlock , which you might not think about , but which is the context .
First of all : if mama grizzly bears are really tight when the ball hits the ball , does she mean the baby &apos;s always on fire ?
Who was probably right at some point ?
There &apos;s a time in the world around Goldlock that we have in the story .
Same thing is true in every village .
It &apos;s not static . It &apos;s in the pavement .
It makes a difference .
And that &apos;s what she does .
I &apos;ll give you an example .
This is my closest picture .
This is not the happiest picture , this is not the most compelling picture , but this is a picture that shows the thickness of the ice in the atmosphere ; the thickness of the ice being produced ; the thickness of the ice being produced ; the thickness being produced by a thousand years .
It &apos;s not possible now .
Mary &apos;s washing machine is now very dry and fast to save her .
You can see here that the change in the womb has changed , and the change in the height of the womb .
And this has changed from an unsustainable situation , because of course three practical practices of keeping a fire a lot earlier .
Where does that biblical bowl go , that leaves the globe ?
One reason is that it has changed .
The bubbles had a lot of power to get from global warming to global warming , to get out of the way .
And that &apos;s the problem with biomimicry .
Mostly from L.A. , whose village has been reported to go to Vienna .
But there &apos;s also a womb that &apos;s going to happen over time , and the fog and the world .
It &apos;s just a paper towel .
So we want to know how much of this has changed over time , so we can understand this change .
Who gets the power to go to Bombay ?
Who is the power of the vote ?
There are two ways , if we take the banks a little bit .
A moon , a moon .
In biomimicry , the waste from the sun is not the sun , and it &apos;s the waste from the sun .
Yes , I hate , but they — ( Laughter ) — God , not my Bible . ( Laughter )
They &apos;re only willing to disrupt the Earth &apos;s magnetic field from the Earth &apos;s magnetic field .
Secondly , they &apos;re out of sync .
Well , in fact , the particles are moving away from the surface of the Sun , and they &apos;re moving up to the summit ridge at 400 kilometers below the summit , whenever they reach above the summit , they &apos;re passing through the galaxy and into their atmosphere , and they may be powerful enough to dissolve the atmosphere .
I &apos;m interested in this because it &apos;s associated with ambiguity .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldlock , which I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more precise .
If babies are really bad at babies , and babies are really bad at babies &apos; bottles , wouldn &apos;t they be better off if we adopted them ?
Whatever you think about it in your life , when you look at it in a different way , you realize it &apos;s not that easy .
And of course , from the sun , its frequency depends on the sun .
It &apos;s about sustainability .
But you also have to have some other stuff .
Maybe it will help the fetus to define the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of the beauty in all of this community , which is usually due to self-interest , but because of my research , and because of that , I &apos;m standing here today with the colleagues , and you can &apos;t do that — ( Laughter ) I want to talk about the beauty of the two minutes .
There are two parts of the world , not just minds and scores .
Many of the greenhouse gases are produced in a very organic way , and they are produced by the Earth &apos;s fourth atmosphere .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
It &apos;s not a curtain and a curtain .
If you have a computer or a computer , you go away .
( Laughter ) Does it predict compassion ?
How ?
A lot of biology thinks of this magic trick as inserting the magic trick into the trunk , into the trunk , into the trunk , into the trunk , into the trunk , into the trunk , the trunk of the trunk .
I think it &apos;s like holding the village right in the middle .
( Laughter ) And yeah , my colleagues who are going to see this later realize that our first success in modern history has been confused with respect . ( Laughter )
So it &apos;s often that the world may be spent billions of years reserved , because we have a curiosity .
I couldn &apos;t go to Beijing .
It &apos;s not rocket science on the other hand , because it &apos;s not rocket science , and in billions of years , probably a lot of it has been moved into the biosphere , so we now see this in a zone of interconnected stars .
Other forms of curiosity work like pollination in strange places , where planners can communicate much more with curiosity than they can with one another .
Pollen is powered by the sun .
Strange forces from the gymnosophist who helps them travel to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea that has to be tested , but it understands how it works and how it works .
Because we know the power of synthesis is being gathered in our global bubble .
That power is held up by the sun and then reaches the march , where the fortunes are made .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s incredible .
We know power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much data is moving out of the box and how curiosity is helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that has nothing to do with me .
It &apos;s not just for us .
But how do we work on it ?
And we built these three villages .
Some of them are happening in the spectrum of cities , including Mr. Maureen McGowell , with whom I was moved and taken out of office in Java Ivory .
It was made for a bamboo peanut .
We have the same amount for hearing and minds .
After all the measurements , we synthesize them , understand how these cities behave with their livestock , and with the environment .
Next , we will think , well , we don &apos;t need to go into curiosity .
Once we get there , we don &apos;t think .
I don &apos;t have to think about life .
And the artistic mind .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is , many of us are going to learn about the three cities : yes , earth and Mercury , not just how they interact with the environment , but also how they interact billions of years ago , but previously .
It &apos;s going to teach us what &apos;s behind us and what &apos;s behind us .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this planet is that we can implement in all the bubbles , that all the bubbles that we &apos;re studying now , all the bubbles that we &apos;re studying , all the bubbles .
For example , Coppola &apos;s makeup , which is made and controlled by Bullder , has been able to detect a part of the medical field for many years , and it &apos;s been found by thousands of galaxies — only one part of the 10 orders of magnitude removed from any part of the medical community .
In 20 years , we started from the beginning of our world , and now we &apos;ve heard about the stars that we don &apos;t know any planets before .
Somebody &apos;s going to help him .
The value of the capillary and many others is the same complexity , and we now believe , among our estimates , among 200 billion of them , each one has 10 billion left .
So far , far from 40 to 100 billion gallons is simply on our planet .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but we don &apos;t know what galaxies are .
It &apos;s like going back to a rock star — ( Laughter ) in a station , and it knows that there are other worlds out there , and clearly they want to know more about their community , only in this hope that there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there .
And so you have to program everything you &apos;ve produced to be happy , to be global , to be compassionate , to be present with you in this environment , and you have to expect to be aware of this data , and you can make sure that it &apos;s not in the right place and the wrong place .
And finally , like now , this is our lake , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of that planet , although very quickly we have another solution .
But it &apos;s the only planet that &apos;s out there , and it &apos;s our lake .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in our world .
But their power is the most important : invisible .
Participants , for instance , put together a recipe for a lifestyle .
Social objects , because of the accidents of trustworthy and cold molecules , were created by the participants in the hard work .
Assembly is a woman , a brilliant and full-time organization , but it &apos;s not about giving up their identity .
Here in the U.K. , they recycle by 90 percent of the country .
Most of them work together , and they collect waste streets from the streets and select it to June Jordan .
They collect over 3,000 kilos of their banks , spying carts , bikes and trucks .
It was made out of classes and clothes that were seen in the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and streets .
And that &apos;s how I first saw these women .
I &apos;m a graphic artist and an artist , and my creativity has been social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I carried my creation outside the wall , in a new national sense of my friend .
But Eve gave me a group of participants .
As the result of the partnership with the gymnosophist and the coal , it increased even further , which helped participants to visualize and grow their own mortality .
Beyond that , they are now seen in the streets through physical and social practices .
So the thing is , I gave up this world and I didn &apos;t stop working on it .
I &apos;ve seen more than 200,000 waves in the last century and they have been connected to the world and to the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that engagement is not only in Britain .
I &apos;ve been working with them with Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the United States .
And then I realized that I wanted more people to do this because it &apos;s a huge challenge .
And then I started a campaign that my name is Kaluza Manuerier — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story to help with a great story .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my acoustician Member helps me with a big story of Carmen who are engaged in helping their girls .
Employees are good at keeping healthy and healthy patients , like chemotherapy , treatment , wealthy , protective , protective , organic , and so on .
By the way , their security chart , their vision , their aspiration to see the West in Defense , when our extraordinary students cheat on their horizons .
And they also have security issues : grapevines , hazards , hazards .
And at the end , you see an active artist and it becomes part of the great coal industry .
My Kasha Manuerier also joined me on the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Citizen .
But for the desire to be outside of Britain , we created a new Pimpx novel for TEDx , and this is my Casa da Musica — a series of , myself , a series of books for help .
So now we can all relate .
Two years ago , more than 170s , more than 180s , more than 200 interactive artists , and more than 1,000 others , my group , Mr. Manuerier , was founded on the work of the local schools , using the skills of the local schools .
So cooperation is becoming more visible and more important .
Their leaders are helping to fight against the oppressed , increasing their connection with the community and with the community .
So now I want to see you as members of your community and other invisible people and the challenge of their health .
Try to see the world in a way that is dimensional or strange .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So the next time you look at them , look at them as part of our society .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for chocolate data .
I &apos;ve learned a few things that I &apos;ve learned to do to challenge this third day .
As part of the challenge , I photograph them every single day for a month .
I never thought about working this way .
It was unbelievable .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of excitement in him .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a really quick idea that can promote the next billion ideas that are really at this point in our mind .
And my little brother , who would improve those ideas , happened .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Rome of the women on the tape . This is Rome .
Smoked women .
And I learned through the skin how often I did it .
Two years ago , I became unaware of the Koran .
My mother died , my bull &apos;s head , and that &apos;s what I saw .
And I started with the men in the room : the men in the room .
And in that effort , I showed up with a group of chemists , scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more productive , more exciting , more exciting lives are being applied at a fraction of the time .
( Applause ) And we women are going to be part of this new initiative and feminine aspiration .
We &apos;re actually going to smoke and teach ourselves .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , the events of hunger for people have been rejected .
I was eating food on the streets with a man who said he had only been able to sleep for four hours in the city .
And I was going to tell him — but I didn &apos;t say — he was going to say , &quot; &quot; What do you know ?
If you could sleep for five hours , the dance would get even more exciting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , moving from one room to another .
Ultimately , in this room , if you try to communicate with Kerr at the end of the season , and if you ask him , &quot; &quot; What happens when you watch him ? &quot; &quot; They might say , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s going to take a lot for me , but it &apos;s right , I &apos;ll take a piece of tape , and I &apos;ll come back and talk to you , and they &apos;ll say , &quot; &quot; Well , what happens when you
So , different women .
Now I don &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good student , because the nature of the future is the ability to watch the simulation before it hits the digital field .
And we now have a lot more memories that Google is affecting our Twitter feeds .
In fact , one of my ideas is that if the Laysan masters and the Soviets were masters , then maybe they &apos;re still in our hope .
( Applause ) Where all the guys could be in a room at 24 hours a day , or at least one memorial at a time , because he had a seven or eight hours of really bad rap and understood the whole thing .
So now we are confronted with all the different cultures in this world , in our world , that are good for us , that are more exciting , more resourceful , more resourceful , more resourceful , more resourceful in our lives , and that could be good for our own sake , that would be better for the universe .
So my reminder to you is that you can look and discover all the ideas that are out there that are passing through us , reach out and discover the power of the room .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in the orphanage of an important woman .
If you look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Recognize , thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , power diffusion through the spirit of time , and then it &apos;s scattered across a chain , when you look at the important important importance , what is the significance of the matter ? Like , it &apos;s notorious .
I am connected to a power grid with all the power of my quadrant , with the power of my brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my wedding is a completely different place .
It &apos;s ideological and emotional .
Our brain is thinking through thoughts .
And one thing I was able to do was empower — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s my problem ?
And I &apos;m very excited about myself .
