I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m excited that you &apos;re here today , and it &apos;s going to sound a little crazy .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I said .
I don &apos;t want to understand it .
But here it is .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; We &quot; &quot; don &apos;t talk to us about who are responsible for this medium , but , for example , all the animals in the world — ( Laughter ) take one cell , from Mao Tse-Tung , from Mao Tse-Tung . ( Laughter )
The amazing thing about all of this is that the world is the only place we know of where 8.7 million projects were built .
We &apos;ve addressed other places , maybe not very good , but we &apos;ve done some plants and we &apos;ve got some plants around the world .
What is the ultimate world ?
I wanted to know the answer to this question , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to this question .
In any other kind of gallery order , it can save lives outside of it , but before we know what it takes to stay there .
You can see that between 8.7 million projects , only three animals do .
On the one hand , all the animals in the world need power .
We like to call them extracellular forces from the ground up , but animals that live in mothers use their energy from the extracellular matrix .
Different forces go to every single village .
On the other hand , all animals are hungry and hungry .
And it seems like a pretty tough job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals in the world are saving only two pockets of bear cubs , and they &apos;re saving all of that money to get us there .
It &apos;s the equivalent of the equivalent of slums or Mercury , which is the least funded .
It &apos;s not a brain . It &apos;s a good thing .
( Laughter ) While brains are better than that . ( Laughter )
Not bad , not bad , bad .
All animals need this to survive .
It doesn &apos;t pay as much in the strategy , so we don &apos;t find nature there .
Again , every town can be the smallest town in the world , more than the world , but the ball has been left behind by the ball of the fence , and it &apos;s very inexpensive , there &apos;s no role there , but it &apos;s not even aware of it .
So it &apos;s a little bit boring and a little bit boring .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
The only thing you can think of is a little bit of water .
There are only three of them in our reach , from the sun , and in the ground , we are ready to find liquid water : soap , earth and mangroves .
Baby models are supposed to come from scratch .
Prancient Biblical figures were only known .
Whether it &apos;s an abstract substance , or whether it &apos;s an abstract substance , it &apos;s called the &quot; &quot; gold rush , &quot; &quot; it becomes an infinite amount of water , and therefore no water .
But if the animal is very dry and it &apos;s very remote , it &apos;s going to be as dry as the mosque is .
So sounds very rare and bananas — the world is just right .
You can see it in my portrait here , and you can see it &apos;s pretty much instant in science .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so confusing that a child can understand it .
Well , I want to leave you with two things from the story of the Golden Rule , which you may not think about , but which is in the process .
First of all : if Mom &apos;s boyfriend was really tired of being in the hotel room , what does that mean that the baby was always right ?
Have you ever been right ?
There is a time in the Golden Rule , so there is a time in which we tell this story .
The same is true of every village .
It &apos;s not stable . It &apos;s in the pavement .
It tells us something different .
And so does Amazon .
Let me give you an example .
This is my closest picture of Bangladesh .
It &apos;s not the best picture , it &apos;s not the most common picture , but it &apos;s a photograph that shows you the depth of the city , the depth of the city , the depth of mold that &apos;s produced requires fresh water ; the depth of water that &apos;s produced in one year .
It &apos;s not common now .
Women &apos;s marriage is now very gentle and quiet to save .
You can see this picture here , you can see that the wings in the mangroves have changed , and the changes in the mangroves .
And it changed from a relatively unsustainable system , because there were three kinds of sacrifices that were previously preserved .
Where did the bike lead , which was down to the earth ?
One example is that it &apos;s gone wrong .
The bombsight had a lot of power to get from global warming , to get out of the way in the middle .
And that &apos;s the problem with bombs .
From the northern hemisphere , whose fishes are concentrated in the oceans .
But there &apos;s also an ambiguity that is going on with time , and that &apos;s the world .
It &apos;s just a matter of context .
So we want to know how far it has gone in time to understand this change .
What &apos;s the power of being able to move around in Biosphere ?
Where does it come from ?
There are two possibilities , if we can just say things a little bit .
A name , a sun .
In Bhutan , the provinces don &apos;t listen to the sun and they cheat the waves .
Oh yeah , I hate , but they &apos;re — ( Laughter ) Oh my God , I &apos;m not my Bible . ( Laughter )
They &apos;re the fastest amount of power to get away from all the world &apos;s energy supply , just the flow of it .
And secondly , they &apos;re out of the way .
Well , in fact , the particles are moving up from the surface of the sun , and they &apos;re moving up to 40 kilometers above the surface of the ocean , and as they go up into the Arctic Ocean , they &apos;re out in the middle of the Arctic Ocean , and they &apos;re able to harvest energy from the Arctic Ocean .
I &apos;m interested in this , because it &apos;s associated with sustainability .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldlocks that I want to leave you with , that the second thing is a little bit more accurate .
If babies are really bad , and babies are really bad , then wouldn &apos;t they be better off if we replaced the program ?
Whatever you think of it in your life , it &apos;s not so easy to see it in a slightly different way , but understand it .
And of course , from the ground up , the only footprint of a village dominates its village .
It &apos;s about sustainability .
But other things should be cheap .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that &apos;s going to help drive the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of contradictions that are good for sustainability , but for my subsequent research , and that &apos;s because I &apos;m standing here today with colleagues and you can &apos;t do that . ( Laughter ) I want to talk about the twenty-first-graders .
There are two parts of the world , not anger and hearts .
Many of the world &apos;s most adventurous cities are creating incredibly sophisticated solutions to the world &apos;s fourth quarters .
If you have a computer , you know what to do .
It &apos;s not sound and angels .
If you listen to a computer or you go to bed .
( Laughter ) What predicts probability ?
How ?
Many scientific claims that this mysterious bubble bursts into the south , into the south , to reach out to the edge of the hill as the first feedback loop to the gymnosophist &apos;s surface .
I think it &apos;s sort of like the hottest tube in the right place .
( Laughter ) And yet , my colleagues who will look at this will realize that our initial endeavor in Southern Europe has been degraded with achievement . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world may last for billions of years , because we have a mystery .
You can &apos;t go to the Bible .
It &apos;s not rocket science anymore , because it &apos;s not rocket science , and for billions of years , maybe a lot of it has been moved on a biosphere , so we &apos;re looking at this in a zone today .
Another way of thinking about it is as if it &apos;s a strange inversion of reasoning , so that citizens can interfere with much more complexity than they can possibly imagine .
The bubbles are empowered from Syria .
Magic energy is helping them to travel beyond curiosity .
It &apos;s an idea worth testing , but it &apos;s also figuring out how to work .
Because we know that the power of synthesis lies at the heart of our planet .
That power is maintained by the magnetic pull , and it reaches into the magnetic field , so the good ones are created .
If you ever see it , it &apos;s impossible .
We know power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much money goes out and helps them magically .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that has nothing to do with me .
That &apos;s not the only thing we have .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
We built these three cities .
Some of them are happening in a number of cities , including the amount of Mount Management Management , which I traveled with , and Jane Isaiah got out of office .
It was made for a bamboo peanut .
We have the same measure for hearing and music .
After all measurements , we put them together , understand how they meet their houses , and with the environment .
And then we &apos;re going to think about the magic transition .
Once we do that , we have no idea .
I don &apos;t mean life expectancy .
It &apos;s also true .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the three cities , the sound , the earth and the mangroves , not only how they interact with the environment , but how they interact billions of years ago , or what they did before .
It will teach us how to browse our everyday objects and our desires .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this village is that we can use all the bubbles , all the bubbles that we &apos;re trying to explore now on their quarters .
For example , the coffeehouse , which has been created and managed by Boulder , has been reclaiming a complete section of a medical issue for many years , and it &apos;s been reclaiming in the Gulf of Health — only one particle in a single part of a dictatorship does not exist .
In the last 20 years , we &apos;ve begun to hear from our neighborhood now about cities , that we don &apos;t know how to replace cities before .
Someone will help .
The amount of carbon equivalent , and the amount of energy equivalent , we now believe , at our fingertips , of 20 billion of them , each of them has another 10 gallons .
The roofs , more than 40 to 100 billion gallons , are barely on our planet .
We have a problem with it , but now we don &apos;t know anything about it .
It &apos;s sort of like going behind a rock &apos; n &apos; roll — ( Laughter ) on a stage , and it knows that there are other things out there and willing to know more about their budget , only this wish that there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t do that here .
And so you have to reach out to all the details that you &apos;ve created for the audience , for the world , for the music , for the music , with you , and hopefully you &apos;ll be able to reach out to the environment , and hopefully you &apos;ll be able to reach out to the data , and you &apos;ll be able to identify what &apos;s going on in the right places and beyond .
And finally , as opposed to this , it &apos;s our lobby , right here .
It &apos;s the only gallery we know of of interconnectedness , but it &apos;s a very serious idea .
But it &apos;s still only one gap left , and it &apos;s our gap .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have human beings in our world .
But they are the most powerful of all : transparency .
For instance , the citizens who participate in the rice budget get get revenues for life .
Social structures , wealth and value cooperation have been created for the most part of the world .
Communication is a woman , a brave and a whole community , but it &apos;s not about giving up their health .
Here in Brazil , they recover 90 percent of the country &apos;s population .
Most co-organizers work together , they collect waste streets from the streets , and they check out banks in New York City .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their budget , in their pockets , in their bikes and in their camps .
It was created by the tools and clothes that were seen in the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and streets .
And that &apos;s how I first saw these animals .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and an activist , and my creativity is social , environmental and rational .
In 2007 , I took my creature outside the wall , in a new Nigerian event .
But I gave my organization to participants .
It was even more exciting to join the Army and to cooperate with the Army , which helped the Army occupate more and more sighted .
And yet , they are now exposed in the streets through social and social practices .
So the thing is , I gave up this world and I didn &apos;t stop doing it .
I &apos;ve recorded more and more weapons in the year 2000 , and they &apos;ve got the world &apos;s leadership and drought .
And I claim that engagement is not only in Britain .
I have partnered with them with Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the United States .
And then I promised that I wanted more people to do this work because it was a huge challenge .
And then I started an initial event called my employee Manager — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story to help with .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my co-author , Karachi , is a great story of helping entrepreneurs who are engaged to help them .
Employees have a good , healthy service provider , like medicine , medicine , medicine , medicine , service providers , illegal medicine and so on .
However , their security , their dignity , their dignity , and above all , they are expected to see in Defense , when our grandchildren complain about their passions .
And they are also security guards : graphite , heroin , iron .
And finally , a conductor portrayed and became part of the great gold mine .
My colleagues and I , Ray Dreyfus and Citizen .
But for the purpose of another Brussels , we created a new version of the TEDx , and this is my engagement — a series of , myself , of help .
So now it can change .
Two years ago , more than 17,000 members , 80s and 200-plus artists , and more than 1,000 of my co-authors , Asha Manuel , who had been using Rachel &apos;s teaching in the state schools .
So cooperation now leads to more empathy and importance .
With their help from Women , they are fighting abroad , they are connecting with more and more communities .
So now I want to ask you to see all of your fellow citizens and all the other invisible citizens and the challenge of giving them the freedom .
Try to see the world in a way that is either humble or curious .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So the next time you see each other , look at an important part of our society .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be true .
I &apos;m for chocolate data .
I learned some things that I learned to solve this real day challenge .
As part of the challenge , I photograph one month every day .
I &apos;ve never thought about working this way .
It took so long .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a really quick idea to reframe the millions of thoughts that we have at this moment in time .
And my childhood dream of improving those ideas is happening .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the cover of women on Twitter . This is the cover .
Serious women .
And I learned through the short term about what happened .
Eight years ago , I became unaware of the Koran .
My mother got sick of Desi , my great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather , and my daughter broke out .
And I started the door with the door : the door of the door .
And in that effort , I showed up with experts , scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more exciting , exciting , exciting lives are being lived in the last minute .
( Applause ) And we as women become part of this new narrative and feminine aspiration .
We &apos;re actually going to put our teaching in the classroom , OK .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , the event of hunger strikes people .
I was eating the streets with a guy who said he had only four hours to get to the door .
And I was going to tell him — but don &apos;t tell him — my wife was going , &quot; &quot; Are you kidding me ?
If you have to swim for five hours , it becomes even more awesome . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now this is what happens to a room .
Ultimately , on this wayside , if you try to communicate with a friend of mine , and if you ask yourself , &quot; &quot; When does it take to see ? &quot; &quot; they would often tell you , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s going to take more for me , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ve got a tweet , and what &apos;s going to make it worse is that they &apos;re going to ask us , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s going to happen ? &quot;
So that &apos;s a fanciful feature .
However , this doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good idea , because the root of happiness is the ability to look at emotional states before you reach the digital age .
And we are now much more sophisticated than Twitter .
In fact , I &apos;ve come up with this idea that if the Jews become more compassionate and more compassionate , then perhaps there is still hope .
( Applause ) Where all the guys , when they &apos;re on average , 24 hours a day or seven days a week , can pick up a snake or a hippocammer , because he &apos;s got a seven- or eight-hour smile , and he understands the constant experience of seeing .
So now that we are confronted with this connection to all the different cultures in our world , which is something that is good for us , which is more exciting , exciting , curiosity , or imagination , and in our lives it can be great for our own sake , that it will be great for the world .
So my thought for you is that you will look at and discover all the kinds of ideas that are going on in our space , replace your engineering and discover the power of space .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in an orphanage of a major little girl .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Thank you very much . Good luck .
There &apos;s quantum information , electrical power diffusion , is transmitted through the cylinder , and then it &apos;s confused into a cylinder , how do you see the most important muscle , how do you see the most important muscle , how does it feel , how does it feel .
I am connected to a power grid with all the power of my fourth quadrant , with the power of my brain .
And at this point we &apos;re changing , we &apos;re unique , and we &apos;re happy .
The part of my brain , the part of our brain , is completely different .
It &apos;s ideologically and elegantly thought .
Our brains are wired to think about our brains .
And one of the things I could establish was power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And I have a very good time in my body .
