Almost a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea somewhere , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about — this was a blog that was written earlier this year by Derek Miller , who was a computer programmer in science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally deaths from cancer cancer , my family and friends would devote this message to my writing , and this activated website became clear . &quot; &quot; Because Millel was a journalist , his brain was probably well written and more sensitively complex , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is so different from what &apos;s ever been created from the screen .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Today , every minute , YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
200 million digits are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they can do is create some pictures and economic videos , or a day that &apos;s in some store .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will continue to dominate us , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a technologist and not a technologist , and I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will be like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media skills .
One of them , I found myself quite local when I was signing up in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Video ) AO : Black .
Death : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble idified . Not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , right ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a space for your loved ones , a place to show up online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be placed after you die .
But what happens in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic news .
So in order for machines to understand human language and to generate large amounts of data , it &apos;s going to continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of abundance , numbers , photographs , blogs — that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think in some ways , our digital personalities can continue to communicate with the real world beyond our own mortality , through all the acknowledgment that we create and through technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your letters on Twitter , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thin .
You can imagine what this would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technical skills .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots could actually communicate to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that human beings have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous video that was the night of the election in 2008 , in the United States , when CNN gave the Hippocratic music to its survey , Andron Coughs interview .
What if we could use technology like this to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate in a very similar way based on the full account that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible to make this happen , because the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the opportunity for technology to understand them , is expanding exponentially .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in aesthetics .
My company is trying to get people to embrace the environment and pay attention ...
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
DH : One minute .
So wait a minute , before it goes off .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening in our days .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and that &apos;s when our generation will be remembered as the generation of the Internet , creating something globally true and true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
Here we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 meters thick , carrying a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
When we continue to coding , the branch falls down , and there &apos;s 06,000-KO78RUS , coding at the bottom of the encoder .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
He was studying trying to understand meaning .
I went to Google , actually .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if it &apos;s over , Russia means Russia .
Citizen code . You can find this in some phone cords , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to Singapore .
And after a series of studies , we finally found this website called WEBB , and this guy , this guy , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journalnal , and on this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
In part of his life , he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his neck , his friend , and he has a beautiful car .
This guy is actually working .
Marcedes-Benz is a 6,000-mile driver , more than 400 musicians . In Santa Barbara , this is a rented car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been arrested .
It &apos;s at the center of Sanskrit .
He rented another machine . And he took pictures of his blog .
This is his Maerset — this is Ladida Samara , who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of Sami .
This is at 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The deal is over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime is over ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t work that way .
Even in the majority of babies .
We don &apos;t know where the answers come from .
It &apos;s often too utilitarian .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I &apos;d like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapeutic controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
The PLC , the little boxes , have no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually running one of these . And if Stuxnet is running one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It &apos;s dependent on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from mainframe areas like electricity , obviously we depend on computers . And this really creates .
We need to work somehow .
We have another way of continuing , if even computers fail . ( Laughter )
So preparation is assuming that we can work when things are not worthwhile ; it &apos;s actually insignificant .
I &apos;m going to tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s all in your head .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I &apos;m the beauty of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s because of cybercrime .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we have a danger to lose everything . We have to do it uniquely .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of detecting viral crime — these organized groups that are going to eat millions of these things — and this is more important than traffic jams .
Creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering standing people , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
At first I want to introduce you to this , it only takes you two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the subjects that occur during the intersection , the intransitive buttons , the world &apos;s faces , or blindfolds , all the way down to simple handling .
First of all , they &apos;re approaching the janitor &apos;s office .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or movement styles , as sociologists call it non-verbal , we think of language as communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are fairly few reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false assumptions by adding values .
And they can have a specific meaning in the critical conditions of life , such as taking human labor or or or taking time .
For instance , a researcher at the University of Texas found that when people watch a 30-second period of time on a single trial of a specific doctor and a patient , their doctor &apos;s love would be divided by their trial , if they were going to give the doctor the trial , if they weren &apos;t .
And so they have to be smart , right ?
Our thoughts , feelings and bodies are on the full spectrum .
And so what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I should start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly interested in the dynamics of power and superpower .
How do you think power and superpower are unfully motivated ?
In the animal world , animals are trained to become physically large .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more space .
Jessica Theresa has been studying this phrase , which is known as pride and discovery .
It &apos;s hand-in-hand ; it &apos;s hand-in-hand ; we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
Here &apos;s what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our face is strengtheness and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching the movement of my students in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others die as they go inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see that .
I have some notions about that .
Women do it more frequently than men .
They &apos;re always afraid of men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for the business master , because the scale is so determined by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to deliver this gene .
So I started skepticing , so for instance , university adopts these people who participate in classes .
There are beliefs that are , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we &apos;re supposed to cheat — the printer has been raped with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit happier .
It works the other way around .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s shape , but can we change the body &apos;s shape ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So what &apos;s different from the brain ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more confident , more confident and good .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a winner when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong head , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts with stress ?
Probably not . You would like to have .
So we have evidence that the body can lead to consciousness at least as well as changes in consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal size , a very small , insignificant change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You shake , you shake .
I &apos;m clicking .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes , and this is what happens .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body language decides not only its environment , but its self .
Also , our bodies are influencing our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use this as a way of valuing your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no expression on your face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers is all about it .
So the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the testing conditions .
And feelings of gratitude were important during that conversation .
It was just about how people represented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I emphasize them to form as long as everything is done .
The answer is , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was driving .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college ; I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-focused .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And I did . I did five years at school .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his dreams .
It can form until it &apos;s all done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a shape until you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do it so long before it &apos;s not part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small obstacles can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your strategy higher , lower your cortex .
Let me give you a feeling for what you can &apos;t do .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and printer .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people are exhausted from clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t actually solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that question in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to briefly read them : climate change , pandemic disease , epidemics , epidemics , education , financial autonomy , government and corruption , corruption and heart , social integration , health conditions and water , and subatomic and foreign aid .
We think religions are the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was asked in May of Davos .
Of course , it &apos;s not true that people have to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the means to fix it , right ?
What &apos;s important is not the overproduction of problems , but the overproduction of problems .
In that case , of course , it gets trickier .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citu .
Diarrheal diseases need to be solved by hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies with U.N. power plants and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege — to write what you think about major supervillains .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity — notice we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be at the end of the show ?
I &apos;d like you to talk to your neighbor for 30 seconds , and just to mention that there must be some of the world &apos;s greatest solutions , some of which are smaller .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love — I &apos;ve been given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s really what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;re going to have these discussions later , asking you to think , how do we actually define farming ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why has never made such a statement ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symptoms that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of thing .
We &apos;ve had the United Nations for about 60 years , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have any superheroes , any kind of superheroes , and of course we continue to make the progress in a two-dimensional way , but in a non-zero-sum way , of course , it would be harder if we actually did it in terms of superheroes and followed that and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to the restaurant and giving you a big canvas , but you didn &apos;t know anything about the cows .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can be worth a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pipe , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to determine the genome of these problems .
And this is what Copenhagen does .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in every district .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Similarly with infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on and so forth .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the dream team . The University of Cambridge marvelously decided to call them Ray Maxwell .
It works really well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that understandable .
And their art was essentially a symbol of superheroes .
You would ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to fight the first of these two , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s the work of economists .
They are rated .
They &apos;re doing a short job of saying what we should do first and what we should follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can also see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically encountered a sample where there &apos;s bad projects , meaning that projects where the dollar investment makes less money .
There are averages , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very bottom .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and probably this is one of the cases where people say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to that , because that &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to be uncomfortable with your samples .
Why do they say that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
All we can do with this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average sample of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody does that , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
That &apos;s a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the most expensive means for developing countries in the Third World .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All of the models , including the global warming of 2100 , are only six years old .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at 2100 at risk of hydrogen can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to achieve some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean drinking water , with sanitary pad conditions , with primary health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very bad ?
Or with that money to do incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — you know , I &apos;m not going to go all the way across — epidemics , health care , basic health services — they &apos;re going to go a little bit higher , just because , yes , healthcare is really important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we are suddenly on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure costs .
Now , I want to show you the four cultures that need to be addressing the world &apos;s leading cause of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
There are a couple of million people in the database .
Currently , it can make up even percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent a billion people from dying every year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in both the time scale and the global warming problem .
The third is open source .
The common model , if we can reach a freestyle and specifically reduce sovereignty in the United States and the United States , we can recreate the global economy for about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is an astonishing 50 billion dollars a year in the developing world .
Again , we can say that we can actually pull two , three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only the overall problem of overeating , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , especially with the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of metal , silicon , DNA and Vietnamese .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem briefly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be to solve HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do that and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we don &apos;t do it , or we don &apos;t do it well , we should be wondering where we put the first one .
And treatment is far more expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in prevention programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do a good X number — cure it and make it 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus more on prevention than on treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at the desire of your heroes and say , did you make it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primitive solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just for it , which is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the issues , they &apos;re the right issues .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of our team members of our life , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we talk about saving people or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we don &apos;t look at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real issue , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years after that ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help , and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you might expect , say a rich Chinese , or a Hebrew , or a Congolese person , 2100 , and you think about 2005 , and you say , &quot; &quot; How ironic it is that they were so nervous that they helped me think a little bit about climate change , and they didn &apos;t really care about my grandfather , or a grandmother , who could help
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overwhelmingly because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in terms of whether I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to pick Brad Pitt for his next film in Tanzania to try shootings or whatever . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the movie .
So I think that in many ways , the Copernican Convention and the whole expedition of farming is going to address some of the issues .
So we can understand that this is not all good for us .
And it &apos;s not to create a foundation for the attention of the media , but to create a foundation for the better .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere out there .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we needed to spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look as if we &apos;re on the road to solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best farmers .
I just want to highlight : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up in desperate straight lines , white Americans .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from different parts of the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they need to learn English at university and English .
Most of them were from the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the supply chain , and so did they , and proposed their own testimony .
And what was interesting was that the same paradigm was the same : the problems of disease and disease in the first century , and climate change in the end .
We did the same over and over again .
There were lots of other symptoms , and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe that we have to go some way to start thinking about supermarkets , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
We &apos;re also beginning to think about political heritage .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that costs us a lot of money , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make powerful programs where we can achieve enormous good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we don &apos;t do and
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better limit our heritage and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Providencia , Red Ellen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were a manufacturer , so we picked a path that went through national and national foreign fights , and in a nutshell , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me .
The first century is the perfect storm .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the symbols that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs represent . &quot; &quot; She keeps staring at me for a few seconds , and then she starts laughing , because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you are , the famous Chinese hero for the cotton field . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that are very similar to this — why we sometimes misdiagnose the signs around us , and how we do it , and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now , you may be surprised that I &apos;m going to go through this kind of strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage — the opposite of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything in order to avoid thinking wrong , or at least miss thinking that we can be wrong .
We &apos;re pretty good at it .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , by and large , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , at this very moment , all of the assumptions that I have , here in the present time , are dramatically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong about .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we stand up in the present time , we vote and we vote today .
In fact , we all live our lives , all packed in a little bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are constrained by our own statement .
And then why is that ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of self ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust . Very bad .
Wonderful . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great responses , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could actually be fun , like my stupid Chinese hero &apos;s mistake .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember that movie in Loony Tunes where a bright firefighter can always follow but never get to a bird .
And in virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the warehouse runs away from the bird , and the bird runs off the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the sculptor runs behind it .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , that &apos;s not a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes he &apos;s in the air .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like this guy in the air when he runs out , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we &apos;ve got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , that makes us insist on being convicted of our own statement .
I call it the false interface .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us accountable for the right thing , and that &apos;s because of our society &apos;s culture .
Remember for a moment your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is splitting out surveillance jobs , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a straw , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you definitely know how you think about the child who wrote that surveillance job .
He &apos;s stupid ; he &apos;s making fun of fun ; he never does his job .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the flaw of success is overwhelming .
We &apos;re learning it very well .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , a professional , a superintendent .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Be a great conductor , a theoretical , a marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs , strategists and mortgages .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
She gets annoyed , the surgeon is doing his job , she &apos;s pouring in love and she &apos;s sent to the patient in her room , cleaning up .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body in trouble ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s positioned on the wrong side because the surgeon has surgered her left leg , instead .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accidents , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that confidence that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest , the belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy ignorance is happening in the eastern world .
But we &apos;re doing the opposite , and we &apos;re revealing the possibility that we can make mistakes , and we &apos;re doing things like , for instance , in Mexico City , over 750 million metric tons of imported oil or dismantling the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what justice means all the time .
That means that your beliefs are fully true .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain that some people don &apos;t agree with you .
It turns out that many of us explain it the same way by making a series of un-archaic assumptions .
First of all , when someone brings out his discomfort , we just assume he &apos;s invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the numbers of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it impossible for them to achieve their imperfect goals .
So this is terrible .
To be honest , our commitment is to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s so necessary for us that it causes us to act profoundly together .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brains are like a cross wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everybody to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if so , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Sue Augustine , he thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a mutable gift in the human system , it &apos;s not something that we can destroy or sacrifice .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other beings , we &apos;re trying to find the answer .
I think that the search for this planet is the source of efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot about this message called This American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m dead .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested that to her , and she said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally believe that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And the following is , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ray Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our passengers , are going to tell those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the fluctuations and the occasional consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something &apos;s going on , but something else is going on .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive understatement , he was going to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt in his entire life , before he or she was too old or ill or transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you would grow up and marry the girl you love in school , and raise kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everybody was giving to a small group of people that would never be the same .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible testament to our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all of this innovation and improvement ?
Because half of that , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , yes .
( Laughter ) Actually , they didn &apos;t work that way . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it all happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another concert .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve already heard thousands of times , is a great relation .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to come out of this tiny space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the determination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th of November , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee came up with a man named El-Sidney on a hill in Manhattan and killed Ruby Mae Canyon , the head of the GreenLab Reserve .
Nairobi originally thought of as impending suicide , but at the same time , she and other people started planning suicide on dozens of sites in New York City including drones , synagogues and U.N.
Thankfully , those plans were designed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Ear Center bomb went off .
Narrator : Finally , in the clinic for intervention .
El-Said Nozoa is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who were trying to make me a happy kid .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the side of Islam , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in our lives .
However , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so thermally connected to their faith , and they think they need to use all the possible means for others to live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of Hurricane , he and his friends were going to go to London for a particular purpose .
She told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We reached out to the site of Calton , which had been stealed by the FBI without our knowledge .
When my hero reached out , my father helped me hold my hand and explained to me how to put the paper on 30 nerves .
That day , the last bubble I had was clicking on the top of the sheet with a little light on it , and , lo and behold , everybody , especially me , was clicking away .
My brother looked at other men and Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Make it go away . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed very well on that commission , but only a few years later , I totally realized what they thought were so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , finally , was convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of motorbikes on the World Trade Center subway system in the south Antarctic , which killed six men and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning brotherhood .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being the new face of the classroom , I always became a garbage man .
I had hidden myself in my classrooms so that I wouldn &apos;t be a paper , but it turns out that being a typical kid was more likely to be a typical kid .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books or watching television or playing video games .
Because of that , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a global family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by telling them about short-term measures , like racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
With my Cologne projection , I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a guest , and that was something that I was more interested in .
The members of our group were involved in different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and honestly , I felt the pride that I had been able to win the choir that I had believed in almost all my life was impossible .
There was another environmental fact that came when I found a public job in Budrus in entertainment .
There , I was confronted by various faiths and cultures , and that experience became a key part of my nature &apos;s development .
I was taught that comparison was a lie , and more generally , all of the marriages had a negative impact .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I realized that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I was raised to feel compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to reconcile myself to the feelings that I had been taught as a child through real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my power .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be clearly free to myself about my multitasking , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had been a model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Communication often can come from places that are unexpected , and the fact that Hejaz &apos;s chemistry has more positive impacts on my world than my own grandfather , who has never lost on me .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of a soul-looking person who had enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; &quot; What ?
At that point , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep that whole thing going .
Zaha Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that somebody who &apos;s supposed to use violence might one day hear my story and realize that there &apos;s a better way , even though I was supposed to be a violent , inconvenient idea , but I wasn &apos;t a golfer .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to advocate for terrorism , for tolerance .
I do that for the terrorist soldiers and their loved ones , the terrible suffering and loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
For the army of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to you about these nonsense acts , and I &apos;m going to judge my own personal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow the parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
Play is what they learn .
&quot; &quot; Cloudburst &quot; &quot; is important to me .
I want to meet those people who stand by my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they do .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to make their living .
This understanding of all of this allows us to shift our understanding of droughts from consuming products to restoring our ecosystem .
It allows us to sculpt the traits that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If repairability is able to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic systems , and it embraces our relationship with the ocean as a resource so that we engage the ocean and encourage it .
It &apos;s a more humane and more effective way of understanding our environment .
The drug directors , which are normally mediated for many , are very common , are very common .
Green , yellow and red , for different kinds of crops .
It &apos;s very easy to get your nose out of the box , get your nose out of the box , think back before you get your nose .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the algae in green .
We cannot do that continuously , if we measure success by changing the frequency of those species , including in yellow and red .
But what if we eat just green , we want plants ?
It &apos;s got a thunnus albatross on a map that has no danger .
A card with a massage and not a cast .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the green line , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to the size of a 450 letter ?
Do I do it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t want you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My point is that we need to have a spectrum , a spectrum of what we do .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that red gene is very healthy , antioxidants and miners are very healthy for the heart .
Great . I love red wine .
I &apos;m going to be so drunk ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by embracing ignorance .
And we hide that value under the income of vitamin .
So the meaning of resurrection is that it matters what we need .
The surprising documents can be best shown not by Jones , not by Philips or by Gordian fishing , but by Gold Grey Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is a new enemy .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that broccoli can be a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re all eating them .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part about surveillance is that it comes in half a cow , with a bunch of Tobacco and a center pieces .
It &apos;s a 142-letter puppet with a Dijon bag and a hammer , filled with buckets and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki picks and khaki picks
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing about it is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jaime Oliver is fighting to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans while we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget meditation . We need to be afraid of milk .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we began to use the food that we create by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Happiness is something , but skin is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Al-Walters are literally the leading revolution in Green food .
But green food always assumes a shortcut that tends to make food responsible .
Just because it &apos;s made of green stuff doesn &apos;t mean we have to put it into our mouth .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a frightening office designed to eat unconditionally .
That &apos;s not possible .
Healthy food for the heart is critical for restorative food .
Before we reduce public policy , media is about increasing the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more , if we include more .
That &apos;s the part that I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about the laws .
It &apos;s about how we look at our waters .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to lower emissions .
One thing will change .
I would make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shelters because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time on their food and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They became healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the human experience .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply various different types of representatives — little fluctuations , little fluctuations , notes , ganglion , syndrome .
The headquarters , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , the entire species of almonds .
We &apos;re directing the skins towards more flexibility , more dynamic , more resilient variations .
That &apos;s what we need to value .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But it &apos;s also how we can repair our environment .
And what &apos;s in these big detectors , these patterns , the green wants the tuna that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a compromise for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450-pound fish .
Take the fat . Take the fish four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples in prison , and then open up the best construction in Burundi , sell the apples and the temples .
Give it a chance to eat this .
Get your friends and neighbors and maybe twice as old as possible .
I have high expectations of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think producing components , producing food and food , is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire White House , and they were shown with lots of slime mold and a little bit of gold , usually with brine .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a meal restaurant .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s kind of like a white suit .
It &apos;s invisible .
But the most terrifying news you &apos;ll hear about the condition of our oceans , I was asked to tell you that probably the biggest chord of all , this whole time that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For an objective sake , I look for useful ingredients that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and brutal things that I don &apos;t think I can do .
For my family , I look for compounds that are born before my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the very beginning .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about how that affection works and then take the first step to reduce it .
We saw a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than conservation of our resources , it &apos;s also a global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to divide the rest , we &apos;re going to start to divide , we &apos;re going to start to restore .
We need to eat potato chips .
We need to eat small porcuits .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how I became part of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my friend &apos;s name , Swing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 46664 foundation for Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS fund .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested for Robbie .
Here &apos;s me and my friend Jesus U , one of the most astonishing moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come together in Manila , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global month , standing in front of his previous prison camp .
And you can see the wall plays there .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madeira recognized worldwide that there &apos;s a real harm going on in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this country , and that the genocide is headed by more vulnerable groups , women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this direct effect on women .
So I went to work . When I left South Africa , when I left Copenhagen , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to highlight this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went on and on and on and on and on , I did every 464 organizations that I could have presented to my statistic , and I did my Mamluk Mausoleum , my questionnaires , and most of all , using my musical attachment as a musician , to speak to all of Malé &apos;s tragedy and imperfect difficulty ,
Everyone in the world loves Niles Mandela , everybody in the world grows up to be Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their country , the country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;ll just collapse .
I was very , very lucky to meet Asante two years later , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the court and activist .
I met him at one of the 464 apps .
He was wearing this kind of sweatshirt that I &apos;m wearing now .
It &apos;s already a tool . It tells you that I share a common with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this cyclist looks like a mess , I &apos;m wearing , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t be dependent on mine . I became part of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign made by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV epidemics .
They are a tremendous contribution to the people who live on the ground floor .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re asking questions about contradiction .
It &apos;s really quite controversial .
And yes , my Singer scholar supports the Treatment Action Campaign by which I try to highlight the prevalence of HIV / AIDS and also collect money for the past .
Most of the funding that I got was instantly went to the Treatment Action Campaign and donated it to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and continuing to do in South Africa .
So this is my Swing campaign .
In the Sunjang campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oslo , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Honduras trying to make people own money in neuroscience .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play basically a white , average African audience with white coat hangers who were eventually disappointed , because I use my mom &apos;s film that really reflects the heart of this devastating conclusion and its whole nature that &apos;s going on , people are willing to hate because they &apos;re nervous and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
North Marvel , the Prime Minister of Health in the present time , was also present in this concert , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly able to make a difference in that area that was so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became an IMF officer in Scotland .
I was showing them my experience , and I was again trying to highlight the reality of HIV .
Here &apos;s the girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African children at the Mexico Singapore , who I just love .
And just like these children , there are many children who are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , and he &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor for me that Michael invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the AIDS epidemic in UNAIDS .
And that &apos;s exactly how I enjoy giving a speech , expanding my surroundings .
The argument that UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively reveal the prevalence of HIV / AIDS from baby to baby by 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved by the support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a male woman who is HIV-positive , and we beat , and we both heal , because we are very confident , because we believe that this young woman gets treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is going to bring light into the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a child transmitted by a drug that means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
This is the kind of tools that we need to bring to life with AIDS .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exterminated from AIDS .
Alia &apos;s mother was HIV-positive . She died of AIDS .
Achilles was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of his life , he had already noticed the symptoms that were stated in AIDS , and he was also suffering from diarrhea .
We met her in one of the hospital in East Capetown , and we spent a whole week after her , just a really awful baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply missing .
They had a special meal for a girl who was following and taking care of her .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital .
So clearly , it was a very sensational meeting that left us unhappy , this child , you already know his story .
Five months later , we went to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is a transformation in food .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This spectrum of disorders is actually for hospital doctors and nurses who were really excited about Avalley .
Suppose you have that kind of transformation .
So I want to ask each and every one of you to consider , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get nutrition and effective health care , and you believe that in the developing World Heritage Development Goals , especially in the fifth and sixth quarters , which all governments in the world need to be independent , especially in Egypt , can you please ?
I think I would be right if I said that almost everybody in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Completion is a wonderful way to go a step further than reality , and it allows us to do what science will do tomorrow .
As a cybercriminal , I put together spaces of excitement and science so that you can feel yourself in the future of technology .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see is increasing in information , information , gestures , structures , maybe even in the street , for whatever reason .
This is my mental workshop .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you slice into the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say we know the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in citizens , in the middle one place and start .
( Music ) Voice : The record is ready . The record is ready .
For those of you who don &apos;t use paper , I would say it has four different symptoms : love , shade , cold and cold .
Places are one of the most critical officers in a different way .
Now , some people think four symbols represent four times a year .
E : Wool , wool , wool , wool and ... Voice : My favorite meal is humor . MT : Yeah , yes .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a cooling fire when the heat turns into a fire , the water goes into a fire , and then everything goes away .
Each one has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Each single juice represents 13 pieces of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the survival , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the strongest motivators in the world .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
This is the shape and the sun that overlaps at night and the relative reversal .
Voice : Mobo , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that happens is that the toy has 52 tickets , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per year , the number of days per birth rates .
Hold on . ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome ) ( Clicks metronome )
MT : By the way , my birthday was the sixth birthday I received my first birthday prescription , and I &apos;ve traveled all over the world since that day to the pleasure compared to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even to boys and girls . ( Applause ) Yeah . Who are they ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s
Get out .
Joshua . Hey , MT . Are you kidding me ?
Josh . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I &apos;m wearing my suitcase .
MT : Goodbye . Jockey . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes people ask , &quot; &quot; How can we grow ? &quot; &quot; How can we work ?
Of course not . It has to be 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit counterintuitive , but of course it works . Some people say it &apos;s superficial . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in Germany , it sounds like &quot; &quot; but , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intellectual , although I have to warn you that if you play with a wise player , which is how you divide cards by money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s likely to be 45 to one .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cartoons are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : And so I &apos;m going to leave you with the last and most important toy , with a marker .
Unlike everything we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : The card is discovered .
Toyal MTT . This is true anyway .
MT : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the challenge of taking a picture every day .
I was never so convinced .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My thoughts were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the elixir , the joy and the life of the street corners .
I was actually very tough , insecure and totally frightened , fearful of people , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , walked when it started to sound like I was singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I did when I heard a sound that said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the simplicity of the visibility and the length of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started to hear that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks , and on the third side , reconstructing everything that I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even at some point in time , it was kind of strange and exhilarating , although I noticed that the intensity of sound was changing , and it was also evolving my own undefined feelings .
So , for example , if I was negotiating and having to hide what I was doing frequently , being able to hide my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
It started with a kind of analytical process : the assumption that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure nothing was really there .
I told the doctor at the university .
And to be honest , I needed interest and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing the news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was very late , and I said , &quot; &quot; Hi , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
I started with the patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best thing was that I was disturbed by a giant sense of hopelessness and awareness of my own sense of distance .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a community , fear is more powerful than reflecting it .
At that time , it was essentially present to me in accepting a common practice in my own mind — a sort of spiritual political war — and this has led to a range of sounds that have gone awry and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , a battle of fear , despair , uncertainty and uncertainty began , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and unable to provide peace and skill .
Two years later , the surgery was transparent .
So far , I &apos;ve had a whole repertoire of performance — terrible sounds , unexpected videos — odd , common colors .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved .
A wretched and paralyzed man began that journey , but that man who had arrived had been saved and ended up becoming the embodiment of being lucky to me .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and they &apos;re poor compared to the memories that I &apos;ve helped .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes my mother is in bed , but the word comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four minutes is not enough to count all the good-looking people who fought me and me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , except for the place .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning because the sounds were so abstract and so consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to learn the metaphorical meaning that I had previously declared as a verbal truth .
So for instance , the sounds that were buried at home , I learned to commentate as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room at night , defending the sound consumers that I truly thought .
That &apos;s what I felt at the time . &quot; &quot; Then do one .
Do you know I have a plastic tree ? &quot; &quot; My warrior .
And by looking at this , I was recently collecting my injured self with a voice that was expressed in every single unit , and I was essentially repeating mental illness from every medicine , only this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Indra , who is part of an international organizational movement of hearing aid workers , a company that has developed his idea from Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sanda Eisen , who believes that the dream of listening lies in the case of normal prosthetics , not in the case of the normal prosthetics , but in the case of the motor prosthetics , which requires
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also the way it evolves .
In other words , if there &apos;s social change , then it &apos;s a big deal .
You can &apos;t make a person who is brave .
I can &apos;t tell the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to news has created a network movement in five marriages , in 26 countries that have joined together in bringing about dignity , unification and law enforcement to create new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levine put it , the human animal is made up of a vehicle that &apos;s essentially equipped with the basic equipment of treatment and the mental skill of using this vehicle .
In this sense , there &apos;s no greater money for the society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient to be able to witness , to help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their healthcare .
We are . We are invariable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; I am a godmother , or somebody else has told you about you .
You told me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a picture ?
Of course , these are pictures you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I received my first digital photograph at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with the interest of my early painting , but it was slightly different , because in the application of photography , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a beard , the process ends when you put the beard on .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the box .
Here are pictures like this : road farming works .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures are both stiff and colorful at the same time , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really be drawn , but I always want them to look like this , as if it were possible somehow to photograph them .
Images , for a moment to think a little bit , need to discover the possibility .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details , or are the colors the main ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the principles are very simple .
I see it as a kind of realistic pixel where you can take different parts of reality and connect it to one another and make it an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know this is impossible .
So we &apos;re branching our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photographs are much more realistic , and I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about that are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in the process of synthesizing images , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve results .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule was , you know , the images coming together have to have the same vibrations .
Secondly , synthesizing images should have the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where they start and end up with their own images and make them without compromise .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
And by comparing the colors , the focus and the light between the boundaries of different images , by adding the photo features , like depth , for instance , colors and increasing numbers , we clean up the differences between different images and make it a single image , even though a picture can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is all composed of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of waste , I knew I had months to prepare to find various places in this picture .
For example , this fish was drawn in a fish tank .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
Some of George &apos;s portraits were painted in stone .
And something else , I &apos;d like to leave the house a little bit red so it would look more urban .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with excession , with ideas .
And then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be pretty , and at the same time , real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Julia , blah blah .
It turns out that Wikipedia , your little girl , has been publishing more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Asante . Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it curious that the remaining media in the world is doing so badly that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JS : So these are , as we say , classical discovers , and we have a lot of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret in the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never known .
JA : That &apos;s right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in a stream , then we might dismiss it .
( Gunshot ) Gunshot .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code is for TED . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : Well , that &apos;s Carl Sagan .
This was a secret sauce written by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was running the Daniel Award for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to clean Kenya up from the rupee , they put this feeling , they spent about two million pounds on a pedestal .
And then the government stopped it , and as a political solution , Mo Day , who was the wealthiest person , and is still the wealthiest person in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of quantum journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get it right before the election — the national election , the 28th of December .
When we released that feeling , we released it three days after the fact that a new project , Kleiber , was deciding to imagine the man who came out with herself , Daniel Barefoot Miew , and this cousin , he hopefully , became the president of Kiribati .
GA : And to cut a long story short , the conversation about compassion was not about the content , it was about the content , it was about the content , it was about the content , it was about the content of the election .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and then it was printed in every country around Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that the Chinese monkey was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and it changed the poll by 10 percent based on a genetic survey , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , did the data on you actually change the world ?
JA : Wow .
( Applause ) Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Bandura &apos;s air conditioning video .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I see your object , well , they have about four joints , ah , baby ...
Man is free . Well done .
I was told when they had a bathroom . Look .
Stop .
Well , again .
( Gunshot reverbs ) It keeps playing . It keeps playing . ( Gunshot repeatedly ) It keeps playing .
Otherwise , Congo-Wise , Buddhist County .
We need to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve also been involved in silence .
Now , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still breeding .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two hundred , this is Tokyo , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kick . Okay , here we go . I hide them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Bach ach to study a smaller story .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened there .
CA : And I would like to say that 11 people died in that condition , yes , that seems like two Ruters .
JA : There you go . From the work of two Ruters , two little children were injured .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And this exhibition became a cause of mass excitement .
What was the real reason , you know ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see boys barefoot on the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter vertical in the air , and they plumb 30 million tons of dust into everything , finding all kinds of waste to do it , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were clearly not mainstream , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , has been accomplished , and it seems like he &apos;s been projecting this video publicly , as well as 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we have charged that we have gotten these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago to receive 150,000 telephones and cover 50 .
We had a telephone from the U.S. population in the first year of the year , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to the other .
I mean , I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs ...
JA : We would plug them in . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Yeah . ( CA : How cool is that ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art in those governments is , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more directly about this .
That is , overall , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is right ?
JA : Well the question is , what information is important in the world , what kind of information can be transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies spend money on their economic lives to store information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information comes out , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because companies that are best known , countries know it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a guarantee that this is not a guarantee to the people involved or indeed to the whole of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
That is , we have policies of misunderstanding .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of privilege , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of privilege , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that underpin us .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that somebody has specifically done .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence of millions of people worldwide who are soldiers of the United States as human beings .
Actually , it doesn &apos;t . My son won &apos;t . How do you do it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their perception .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think , and the way they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve got a way to light up what you think are the deadly secrets of companies and governments .
Light is good .
But wouldn &apos;t there be any surprise in the fact that you have to create a secret for yourself to get through your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t . I mean , we don &apos;t have a Victorians yet .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an alphabet for other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a tough situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to continue our blindness rather than to fail it .
CA : Actually , I would like to — based only on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there could be two types of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , the hero , the hero of the hero , who brings this important light .
Terrible violence .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : That &apos;s a club , Julia , a club .
You have to try a little bit . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s another thing you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think you &apos;re at TED .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a little bit , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , there were a number of struggles going on in Albania , like the struggle against the Mississippi , but not so much .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that actually , security workers from some of the businesses , military companies , were actually pushing pilots up there and protesting them .
And that some of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering intuition on the top had nothing written on it , so it was a very complicated detail for us .
We couldn &apos;t handle it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little perplexed by this idea that perhaps some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what &apos;s the matter ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to do that ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this recipe where the guy &apos;s name was written on the Microsoft Ward Bible .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
This is an example of one of our methods to simulate , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Did you have any information from Wikipedia ?
JA : Well , we did have a lot , but right now we have a lot of enthusiasm and a lot of architectural effort .
And so the top of our articles in the last couple of months has become a smaller one , because we &apos;re restoring our systems for extreme social interest .
That &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of neo-innovative organization , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means that we have a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to keep up with this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the core chapter , mainly on the codes and / is there a coding platform ?
JA : Now , and trustworthy people .
So we &apos;re a population that &apos;s very difficult to grow up very rapidly , because of the kind of stuff that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to reimagine people who are going to be dealing with the highest national security materials and then less security .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how you started this work .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two buttons ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is the component of the evolution of phenomenon .
JA : What , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with early power .
JA : Well , I was a programmer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
It also has to be sensitive to that .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by rice mold to steal your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re buying a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you introduce us to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps to limit them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed them to snakes .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different kind of adult life .
CA : So , what did people want to do with adults ? Do they want to feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a civilian man , and that &apos;s not my kind of thing to eat . But there &apos;s another way to eat chickens , which is to manage crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute we were asked , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had trouble with a bank , and then you had local newspaper service saying that the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your presence .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most intentional one .
Her bank account was the percentage of its own economy in GDP .
Anyway , we released this conversation last year in Holland .
And National TV was supposed to prevent it five minutes before it was released , and as the movie reported , the news reader pointed out , &quot; It never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site at that time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Iceland and and talked about this issue .
And there was an opportunity in the community that this was never going to happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Iceland and other international law experts working on a new kind of legislation in Iceland to make it an official monkey for free , with the most powerful press in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Icelandic conflict .
CA : There you go .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge gap between the Freedom of Information Act and the Transition Act , between the E.U. and China and the United States .
Where does it stop ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And this is why we live in a very interesting time , because there &apos;s only a little bit of effort we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;m disappointed by the audience by saying , Julia , you were sensitive and strong and strong .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another work in Google , and I introduced this idea to my boss , my boss , who is here today , and he allowed me to make this idea real .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about some very interesting adventures and stories , nine interesting adventures with 17 cities .
But I will concentrate on demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve got a great education , I &apos;m not in the field , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all those little barbs there .
Here &apos;s the weather repository , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Renaissance and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis .
There are two ways to stay with me : it &apos;s very cool .
Come on , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico . It doesn &apos;t matter .
You can tickle the rug . You can tickle the rug .
Do you want a circular ?
Open the mouthful and open the door .
You go in and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Listen .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best one yet .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my most recent pictures , Peter Bruegel Berry , the gatekeepers at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the candle gave us that picture , you can stick to it .
This is just one image .
So this is all data .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in in cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not getting it right , is about 10 billion .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things on the picture .
This guy is walking out a lot , his face is balanced .
But then you want to draw more closely .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the picture and I saw these kids doing something .
So I did a little research , and I spoke to some of my cousins at MIT , and I found that this is a game called a chess game , where kids drink coffee cups on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
Here &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite features again , the night of God , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you wanted to see the windshields ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did it .
We draw the picture , it &apos;s like we &apos;re in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to my favorite picture of this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the little bits .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture before .
Now , on the other hand , I love the opportunity to show you .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Transit .
Every one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own online record , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , as you can imagine , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Growing Flat &quot; &quot; — you can change the scale of the image .
This is Hippocrates from an Asian image .
You can make surveys and send out to your friends and conversations about what you feel when you look at these pictures .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come out of Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the bathroom .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
That was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are briefly present to artwork online .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it in order to reinvent the walls ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It &apos;s simply too late to visit refugees .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some of the supernatural creatures called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use a geospatial body , a circuit , and in the process , you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Starbucks , French family .
And after a while my parents died , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit of an extraordinary land .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mom in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming , married woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very passionate about me , but with more intellectual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was fortunate enough to fit in and get really crazy images of the monkey , not to blink .
A lot of people came to visit my grandmother with very poor sons , people or boys , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a few words in Arabic , she would take a red tomato and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to take out of the skin .
And then , one by one , he &apos;d be in a dish with a dish .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these kinds of things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who are addressing my grandmother with skin issues , I haven &apos;t seen the difficulty coming to me .
I would ask my grandmother how she did it . Was that the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unlike many of the lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve come to a very narrow lesson , which is that if you want to ignore something in your life , whether it &apos;s prosthetics , whether it &apos;s prostitution , whether it &apos;s human spirit , you have to surro@@
And I &apos;ll square it from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , a nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the world that we belong to , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our resilience would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — almost all of us — if they were like us , then we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they take the elephants off with a small pipe , or they run off the wall so they can make the pictures off the wall .
It &apos;s an old orthodox habit based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time behind .
Through a diagram like this , people like this , who live in communities , are facing the greatest threat to global warming .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — in liberals and conservatives , geologists and religions , in the rich and poor regions of the East and the Eurozone .
We tend to build buildings that are based on the characteristics and then reinforce people about other stars .
I think the only cultured thing to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the discoveries within our mental walls .
And so through these discoveries , we can lavish other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home to me and she asked me if I would please stay a lawsuit ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental statement .
I was constantly telling stories of the house , which was perfectly good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was an identical kid talking to colorful beings and asking for help from objects when I was negotiating them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I wrote about my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly humbling and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to me was self-organizing as well as transcending a journey into other lives , but as options .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of a task . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then I &apos;ll stop it .
Going back to my story , something else happened at the time .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , geotherapy , medium-sized ratio that my grandfather lived in , to this amazing Madidia school where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; The kids in our classroom were learning about various nations , but nonetheless , this diversity didn &apos;t bother the chromosome in our classroom .
Conversely , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not by himself , but by a large representative .
We were kind of like the U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with the people who believed in it .
This kid , or this kid , often became an object of forgiveness and was drawn into pieces .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was pleased with this school , there was a war crime in my country — very few people in my country who were supposed to be killed by the Roman Pont and the Turkish war in Europe .
( Laughter ) That day , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other children were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen in October that I hadn &apos;t seen before , and they were interested in how many symmetries I had on my day , because they thought that all sailors were masters on the planet , and they were astonishing that from age I had to start branching my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three concepts in my country : politics , civic and major .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I always felt like my sustainability was the only thing I could share with me .
Stories took me to be centered , to be continuous and to be continued — these were three things that I always felt needed .
When I was about 20 years old , I moved to Starbucl , which is a town I support .
I lived in a lot of biologists , a lot of places , and I wrote some of my papers .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that caught me up .
We had a local priest — a young , old man who never sold a jewelry and never spoke to human beings .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a long and heavy flesh and a flock of athletes popping into his legs .
I saw this man opening a seat shirt with his hands , and he pulled one out of his shirt , and that picture of the Great Bear Bear right now is in my mind , the conservative beer and the transistor lying on the shirt .
Death and destruction , our national differences and we all become united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same thing as the Earth is , but by reading well , we leave our little , wealthy animals behind , and we just come out in the night sky and start meeting people like we &apos;ve never met before or maybe who we have meant to be .
A little bit later , I started growing up in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not like a global change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , not a forger , not a forger , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; In other words , I get to recreate myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and very sentimental to me , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a different kind of connection with two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universally accepted language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living constantly and horizontally .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , to do better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a big gap between mindset and language .
And that meeting is very scary .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a window .
This is what I discovered in Boston : Satisfaction is very controversial .
At that time , my grandmother , who was following me through my life , began to incorporate concern with her victims that I was married soon so that I could get to one place and be always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Starbucl , I &apos;ve started to transform life in Arizona and in Starbucl , and these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been either physically or mentally .
Stories constantly conduct me , keeping all my parts and memories together , and they act as an ecstatic smell .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story sees more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together about this .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting viewpoint by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino formats , and there &apos;s only one figure in it , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the events of the events occurred at Boston University , for me it was normal for me that the English formats should be more than the targets , but I realized what my counterparts were looking for .
And I also realized that I would continue to upset her .
He wanted to see the expression of my self .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how the politics of self-hood affects how stories go around and around again .
A lot of boys feel this pressure , but the non-Army boys feel this more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like I am , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to tell difficult stories about deadly women .
You are expected to write messages , messages and style stories , and you are surrounded by your interactive , hard work partners .
What I experienced as a kid at the Maidad School is now in the physical world .
Governments don &apos;t think of themselves as being an independent creative person , they think of themselves as representatives of their culture , some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We all expect to have something special if not normal .
In one of my researchers at the time of an interview in 1984 , James Bondwin asked a lot of questions about comparison .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a Gayla writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing special about me that unlike other people , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination tries to put platforms on us , it threatens our freedom of self-determination .
There &apos;s a mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are joined together .
I &apos;ve never forgotten my first multicultural journey of Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the informal .
( Laughter ) We were clustered not because we were writing with the same prosthetic limb or writing .
We had collected our characters .
There are many cultural authors waiting for them to write real stories , not so much destruction .
It &apos;s a function of the structure .
In this way , not just for the books but also for the characters who are lost to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when they stopped me from giving feedback to my lost characters in front of the court .
They were expecting me to write about structural , multilateral relationships and family size with women &apos;s eyes .
My micro story also mattered when they followed me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-traumatic stress disorder .
Sometimes it would bring a willingness to both sides to remind me that it was a mercy .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to do my job .
I want to love and uplift the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it is .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that area , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics any day .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And it &apos;s only the last one to accept the authority . &quot; &quot; The politics of the authority shares us . The statement , in short .
One is about understanding .
The other is details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of identity is kind of built up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Olympics , there were terrible stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to fundraising boxes , they told stories , and they often missed those stories .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everybody could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sulfur , dead people , not dead people .
The stories would spread across borders like Hawaii and Netherlands , which were very spread across the entire region of the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today &apos;s stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian performer is still reading textbooks , and vice versa , combining and embracing the story .
The physics challenges us .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books sprayed an introverted , messy girl like I was at the time .
But I also know the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sami Theresa , the first thing he did was to look at Rome &apos;s books and watch how the trees disappear in the water .
The surfers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t get you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not going to get you into consciousness . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t get us from a distance and a distance apart .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love a lot . Life &apos;s like a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuous ; it &apos;s buried in a place .
Yet the other leg is in constant motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
Some of it is surrounded by water hyacinth in Starbucl , and some of it is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that way , I &apos;m pleased with the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Pope Top , who has been the head of Osama bin Laden for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called Jenny &apos;s House .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that go wrong .
We view them as evidence of supernatural things like water , which is like wine , which is wasteful , and bodies of despair .
But more of these prisoners feel like writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disruption and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next 10 pages .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a deadly woman in a Whitopia , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m probably going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Opossum Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am alive . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; It is . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is the first thing that students are taught in creative literature these days is to write what you know about it ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Virtual literacy is not going to depend on who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and we need to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who shape their destiny .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Every life , whether we love and love , oh my God , the country won &apos;t die . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours combining in solving the problem of Australia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is funny . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optional situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to distance games , we had gold mines .
People were crying . People were fighting .
This is truly amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freud , the judge decided that he needed to play a final game .
We want to imagine teaching profits and then teaching people the tools to reach them .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s an honor for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have positive potential for such skills as environmental awareness , knowledge extension , function , world and ability .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , that can take the road to the many billion big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my birth experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power of force .
I cut my head down , I cut my neck down , I cut my right eye in five .
And I started my own personal journey to relate this gene .
And during that time , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated , and the happier life needs to be .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to go to the high altitude .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , it &apos;s become a natural disaster for men .
I was having lunch with a boy last night who was chaplain for just four hours .
I just wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to drink for five hours , this cookie would probably be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of cooking for your own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anyone has invited a protest and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is clear , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get a hold of a tennis court , I &apos;m going to do two songs and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so well-equipped and efficient , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the summit , until it fits with the Titanic .
And we &apos;ve spent too much time with our Tunisians .
I feel like , if the Leymah Bank ran the Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably see the sign , because she was going to be seven and a half hours away from home , and she would be able to see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve been committed to a number of crimes around the world : what &apos;s useful for us personally , what &apos;s more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers , and benefits the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s a story about imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material to make sure that for centuries it had the same use .
Today , I use that material to create sustainable , scalable , scalable structures that are equivalent to distant materials in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;d never studied competition or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got a seven-school diploma , and I got a tutor .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I was asked to visit the Fulbright scheme in India .
By creating artisanal graffiti displays , I set up , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the showroom was coming , and I had no idea .
Something had to be done .
The traditional village was known as a crime .
So I tried to make a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and difficult .
I walked out to the door and I started to see how fish interact and design a lot .
Every day I &apos;d seen it , but this time I &apos;d seen it in a different way , as a new approach to creating a canopy , as a way of getting the most elegant material out of it .
I was the first person to compete with these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Conventions . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we put the web up for photography .
What I discovered is that sustainable fields invent each and every one of these fields , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I used to study collaboration and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with detectors .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to make more bigger things , to transform the subject that you see into something that you can lose .
I came back to India after fisherman jobs , and we set up a network , a million and a half connections , and in a short time , we showed it in Middle East .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Saol-Marawis who converted the town of Port-au-Prince .
He asked if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
With flexible , architectural solutions , these properties were in conflict with a very normal kind of material .
I spent two years looking for details that would result in the highest ultraviolet radiation in the east , the air conditioning and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time it would be so sweet that it would occur from waste .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the cloud .
So we drove up the 20 tons of steel mill .
We had to design an engineering solution that would drive from a chip to a chip to a chip to a chip .
But there wasn &apos;t a computer program that could model objective and motive material .
I found a brilliant Italian architect who &apos;s designing tools for the American Portrait quarries . His name is Peter Hopping .
He helped me solve two supervillains , provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the fireman had no idea America .
So I connected with a market manufacturer , met with a bunch of their warriors , and realized how hard they were to cut off .
There was no language of programming that transformed the production of machinery by that traditional artifact .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 15 square-foot network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , sustainable , and in that transformation , nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diameter .
Now it was a perceptual space .
I think of it for the first time .
While watching your game , I was struggling to be underneath the surface and still feel connected to the unknown land .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to explore two new directions in my work .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I realized that in order to shape this , the scale needed to be more subtle than the web .
So we tried to get a new particle through the water supply charged particles that change color , and we also found that in the process , people could also interact with this material and go through without wasting .
And I use this material to imagine the retention of the subway stations , as if during the process , the retention of the city &apos;s living system would be the retention of the urn system .
The next challenge in Denver was to live in Northern and South America , and they asked me if I could imagine 35 countries in the West Bank and how they connected with each other .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
It turned out that in China , there have been earthquakes and tsunami that have been taking place in the last few years , and it &apos;s been taking off the Pacific .
It had moved the tectonic hills of the country , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally increased the gravitational wave .
I joined NOAA , I asked the tunnel data , and I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth has grown on .
I couldn &apos;t make it into a glass ceiling in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mythological foundation with a cloth , with a detailed silver thread , 15 times over .
It &apos;s now going to be fully flexible and so thin that it can condense into the buildings of the city .
There wasn &apos;t a computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and patterns were embedded .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked the idea to match Thomas Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and scalable ways .
Now , I &apos;m combining these technologies and engineering projects to create a material , a component , a fashion that reaches the height of buildings .
My creative spirits are expanding .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
In law school , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and say , &quot; &quot; You know , make a living under the tank .
These people who had post-traumatic policies were now confused by their strangers , watching the creation , the shape-shifting images and analyzing the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual harassment , we &apos;re completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow with all of our sensitive systems at the same time , is revealed in this huge gap that has the present self , the present self and the present self , and how you can feel and listen .
I am an energy related to all the energy around me , through my right-wing wisdom .
And at this point , we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re perfect and beautiful .
The one on my left is another thing .
Our left-hand side thinks blue and textile .
And our left-hand partner is thinking in language .
And all I can tell is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
