By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people will actively use social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this : This was a blog that was written by Dr. Mills earlier this year — a reporter for science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing like this , and soon after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this letter that I wrote , and this actively dazzled website becomes awkward . &quot; &quot; Because Milo was a reporter , his mind was probably better written and better organized , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating a machine that &apos;s so different from the things that are being created by the brain .
Let &apos;s have a moment of statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded to 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , at best they &apos;ll be made up of some pictures and economic videos , or an object that &apos;s in some sense stuck .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this amazing rich digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think for technologies , this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to make an image of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we know some of the services that are created to help us decide what is going to be with our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I got quite excited when I was signing up in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Mahmoud : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : collecting idified . Not until much later .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
It allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a space for your loved ones to show up online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be stored after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand the human language and build huge amounts of data that continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of interdependence , numbers , photographs , video , blogs that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think that some time later , our digital properties can continue to communicate with the real world after we die , thanks to the full resilience that we create , and thanks to technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter features , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , with improving our technology skills .
Fast-forward , MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as people .
But what if these robots could be connected to the characteristics of a particular man based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that man has created in his life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN held a bunch of stupid music by hand in their studio , Andron Coup interview .
What if we could use technology like this to protect the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate in a very similar way based on all the volume that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is absolutely possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technology to understand them are rapidly progressing .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HS : One minute .
Wait for a second for it to go away .
( Laughter ) So in general , we can release this piece — I &apos;ll stick before I leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , communication , time , factories , fashion .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as the generation of the Internet that created something universally true and true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half-inch diameter hoop with Brain A &apos;s virus . This is the first computer virus .
As we go on and on , the mysterious line goes down , there &apos;s 0600KO78RUS , the code goes down .
It &apos;s not used in any way .
Studied by understanding the meaning .
So I went to Google , obviously .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to lab workers .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Cities code . You can find this on some phone books , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Sanskrit .
And after four studies , we finally found this website , this guy , who worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journalist , and in this blog he writes his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend . And he has a very nice car .
This guy is actually moving .
Mercedes-Benz S6,V12 gigatons , more than 400 volumes . This is a safe car for 20 children in Sanskrit .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was arrested .
At the center of Sanskrit .
She &apos;d rented another car . And she &apos;d posted photos of her blog .
Here &apos;s his Maestro — there &apos;s Lou Shamari , who was kidnapped . You can see him , the Chief Justice of Sami .
It &apos;s done with 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I were here , I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What would happen if the crime slowed down ? In many cases it didn &apos;t work that much earlier ?
The vast majority of teams , even .
We don &apos;t know where the claims come from .
It &apos;s often a mystery : texting doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like to make it easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It &apos;s changing very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . That &apos;s Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapist , and what drives our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managing one of these . And if Stuxnet catches one of these , they catch one of them .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , whatever .
Electric , chemical plant , mathematical plant , you look around , everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in exchange .
From the Internet , such as electricity from the ground up , obviously we depend on computers . And this really creates .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even if computers beat . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So cooking assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
Think about cooking , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it , if you will .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I &apos;m the future of the Web .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we haven &apos;t seen it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is just consumption .
It will bring us all of this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;ve got a danger to lose everything . We &apos;ve got to do it all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need more inclusive , global .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of detecting cybercrime — these organized groups that are committing millions of tweets — that are more important than defensive .
Creating programs , or networks , or , most importantly , these relationships .
It &apos;s about discovering people who are sitting there , and more importantly , we need to find people who are on the way to becoming cybercrime , but not doing anything . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to give them the power to do good . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : it only takes you two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How few of you ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the elements that occur in the intersection , the silent jokes , the global findings , or the fake eye , all the way up to a simple hand .
First of all , here they are .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
So when we think about non-verbal values or movement , like sociologists , we call that non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnectedness .
There &apos;s enough reason to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make good and wrong beliefs .
And they can have a systematic meaning in the critical conditions of life , such as taking human labor or or before or taking time .
For example , the Nobel Prize researcher at the University of Texas revealed that when people watch 30 seconds of independent medicine and patient transmission , their doctor &apos;s love will be cut off from the judgment to that doctor , which is not .
So they have to be used intelligently , right ?
Our brains , our emotions and our bodies are widely held .
And so what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and I was disappointed that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the unfulfilled expectations of power and generosity .
How do you think power and generosity are the unfulfilled methods of calculating power ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically large way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessica Trees has looked at this sentence , which is known as pride and discovery .
By hands , he wrote us down , he wrote us down , we don &apos;t even want to be the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looked like .
When we stand in a position of empowerment and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move , and I &apos;ve noticed that business leaders really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
As others go inside , as soon as the audience goes inside , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely than men , and that &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve also noticed .
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because grades are highly defined by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
So I started crying , for example , university adopts these people who participate in classrooms .
There are predictions which are yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat , the author is buried with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . It works in both directions .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : Do we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can our body &apos;s function change our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from one another ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more confident , more confident , better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window out there , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often at risk .
But it &apos;s also dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong leader , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least temporarily , as well as that change in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a couple more .
So you can sit down or stop .
Here &apos;s the lowest sections of the human being .
You fall , you fall .
And I snuck in .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s done this .
And here &apos;s what happened with corruption .
It turns out that our body language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Otherwise , our body affects our consciousness .
We think we can use this force when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
For the entire five minutes , no facial expression is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers can do it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no concept of the hypothesis or the testing conditions .
The feelings of the fetus were important during that conversation .
What was important was how people represented themselves .
And this has really impacted the decision of the conductor .
I give them the courage to shape as long as everything gets done .
In response , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I was out of the car , and I pulled out a few times .
So the brain stem in the repair system .
I knew my IQ because I had always been considered clever and dull .
I was removed from college , I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-conscious .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really did . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old .
I had no feeling , and he had , and I understood his life .
He can shape until everything happens .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do it so long that it hasn &apos;t become your part .
I want to add one last thing .
Small arguments can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your attention .
Hands up your stratosphere , lower your calcium level .
Let me give you a context that you think your capacity hasn &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about supernatural environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
More importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from it .
One billion people are water sinks .
Two billion people are out of sync .
Some million people die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and so this is a question in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem do we solve ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the most important problems in the world , and I &apos;ll just briefly read them : climate change , infectious diseases , conflict , education , financial insecurity , government and corruption , integration of nature , social conditions and water , and supermarkets and foreign operations .
We think that symbols include the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true that people have to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving problems , it &apos;s about solving problems .
So you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change needs to be solved by the Kyoto reaction .
Different diseases need to be solved by hospitals and by networks of mosquitos .
Companies are powered by the U.N. players and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is a fairly impossible task — to write what you think about headlines .
And also — here &apos;s where economic inequality is — remember , things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the end of the show ?
Please , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor as well , and just mention , which should be the world &apos;s greatest problem solving , which is a little bit more generous .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d love to — I &apos;m dedicated to 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a large part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions , asking you to think , how do we actually limit grades ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t such a show been made ?
And one of the reasons for that is that restriction is extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to make a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years we have the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things that we can do in the world and decide which to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a generosity , any kind of generosity decision , and of course we &apos;re going to keep making the progress from a second , but in a more unusual way , it would be harder than if we actually did the decision for generations to follow it and talk about it .
So I propose that we actually say for a long time that we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the gene , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you picked a pizza , but you didn &apos;t know what it was .
It could be one dollar or 1,000 dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pig , right ?
You &apos;d like to know all that .
And that &apos;s what the Copenhagen Convention is trying to decide what the gender of these problems is .
And the main job of Copenhagen was like this .
We brought together 30 of the best economists in the world , three in each field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
And also in infectious diseases .
Three of the world &apos;s leading experts say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met Mother of 2004 .
We called them the dream team . The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Ray Maidan economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their art was , in essence , a set of superheroes .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They &apos;re doing some short work in that way , saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet as well , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with an exhibition that said there were bad programs , like programs where one dollar invested in a much lower income .
There are middle , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the slide .
Many people will frighten this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s quite interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we have the disagreement with the exhibitions that you &apos;re drawing .
Why do they say that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
What we can do with this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re essentially showing us the average sample of a model economy , which is the Citi Project , if everybody shares it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in developing countries in the Third World .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
For all models , global warming is only 2100 years old .
That is , a guy in Bangladesh who &apos;s at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to get a zero impact .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , we could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money and do something very positive ?
Or in the middle of that money , doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means if we don &apos;t have that much money , that &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only software you meant that I &apos;m not going to counter all , for example , infectious diseases , primary health services , a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this brings us to that we suddenly appear on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s problems in primary programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Court can even make up some percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of putting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the time-lapse and also the global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
A common model , if we can reach out and destroy suicide in the United States and in America , we can give a new life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which will drive half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually get two to three billion people out of poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third wonderful thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , especially with a group of microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population is divided by two , two , six , seven and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV .
The first is treatment , the second is aggression .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we don &apos;t do anyone , or we don &apos;t do well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is much cheaper than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more with projects that are predictable .
With the money we spend , we can do the best X by treating and making 10 times better predictions .
And again , we &apos;d rather concentrate on prevention , as in treatment .
It really makes us think about our superheroes .
I want you to look at your heritage and say , did you make it right ?
Or do you want to be here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Sillings , one of our dreams team members , is a very good form of this .
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most dramatic predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they &apos;ll be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the environment of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help from a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re safe , say a rich Chinese , or a Pakistani , or a Congo 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd are they to help me deal with climate change a little bit , and obviously they haven &apos;t been worried about my grandfather or my grandfather a lot more , and that &apos;s what I think that hel@@
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , it &apos;s because climate change is so well understood .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after the Twist . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in terms of whether I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect Emma to choose the Brad Pitt in his next movie in Tanzania to try shoes and stuff like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the title of the movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copenhagen Convention and the whole discussion of farming has been addressing serious problems .
So we can realize that this is not about feeling good .
And not just to make the wisdom at the center of the media &apos;s attention , but to create a foundation for better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re making a choice .
Of course we have to do everything , in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
The developed countries in the 1970s decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not like we &apos;re all suddenly solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the key idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real issue is to go back and think about the best generations .
I &apos;m just a quick example . Do we have a really good example ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you end up inevitably getting old , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only in two ways , they need to learn English .
Most of them were , first of all , developing countries .
They had the same material , but they could significantly go out of the suitcase boards , and so they did , and they proposed their own testimony .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : in the first place , the problems of elimination and disease , and eventually the climate change .
We did it again and again .
A lot of other ceremonies came together , and a lot of students came .
They basically met with the same show .
And that really inspired me , really , and I can say that I believe we have to go some way to think about supermarkets , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again I would say , we were happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where to start .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and we hope to collect more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
We &apos;re also beginning to think about political heroes .
We start thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives you zero cost , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we identify those terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we &apos;re going to do and not do .
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define heroes and think about how to help the world best .
Thank you .
1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I traveled with Providencia , Red Ellende , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we picked the way that ranged from nations to national missiles , so to speak , we picked as much as possible .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and he asks me a question that took me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My friend &apos;s looking at me .
The first place you &apos;re sitting in is perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hero portrayed . &quot; &quot; He kept looking at me for a few seconds , and he started laughing , because he understood what I was talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , this is a famous Chinese hero defending the dome of babysitting . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signs around us and how do we do it when it happens , and what does that tell us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent my last five years thinking about being wrong .
You might be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career , but I actually have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything to avoid thinking about false , or at least not to avoid thinking we might be wrong .
Visually , we understand it very well .
We all know that everybody in this room makes mistakes .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the connotations that I have , at the present time , are suddenly disillusioned about being theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go back to the present day and vote .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed in a little bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as all of us , to take together as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in the belief of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to win that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in the sense of our own rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Really bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one more question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake of a Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes movie where there &apos;s always a short catch , but never gets to a rocket .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the theater is running behind the bird , and the bird is running off the tarmac , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and it can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes it &apos;s in the air .
At that time , she was walking .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet realized it , we &apos;re kind of like this guy in the air when he &apos;s running , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve had a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually address what I said a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason why we have to stay within the consensus of our own rights .
I call this the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we have a commitment to the rights , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher detaches surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
That &apos;s not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you know exactly what to think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes ; he never does his homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and the second is that achieving success in life is a huge error .
We learn very well from that bad lesson .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , embrace the idea that we should be the perfect five-year-old , professor , superhero .
Right ? I &apos;m saying , head-tail-head , astrophysics , marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all major executives , professors and mathematicians .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get terrified of even the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard Hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgical .
He &apos;s unaware , the surgeon does his job , puts out the cards and transmits the patient in his room .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body in trouble ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s positioned on the wrong side because the surgeon has surgered his left leg instead .
When the hospital director gave a speech about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For whatever reason , the surgeon was sure that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our confidence that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest is the belief that we all have frequent , trustworthy advocacy for what &apos;s going on in the eastern world .
But we do the opposite , and we explore the possibility that we can make mistakes , and at that time we make devices like , for example , more than 750 million light bulbs of oil or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But this is also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs fully eradicate reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of unarbitrary assumptions .
First of all , when someone shows up their disagreement , we just assume they &apos;re innocent .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and the quality of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts as we are , but they think it &apos;s different , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right argument .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts as we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it very clear to their uncertainties .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent mistakes when it &apos;s so important to us that it causes us to behave differently .
But what &apos;s even more striking to me , and what &apos;s even more striking is that it loses the full sense of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brain is like a retinal circuit , and we &apos;re looking out that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everybody to look out the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if so , life would be very charming .
Your idea is not so great that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yes , for that same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Sue Augustine , he thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Justine understood that our ability to make mistakes is not a moral act in a human system , it &apos;s not something that we can destroy or win .
It mainly informs us as people .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we try to find the answer to that too often .
I think that the pursuit of melody is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about this messaging called American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally recognize that every aspect of our communication has the same structure .
And it &apos;s this : &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Gallas says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of discovery and discovery and error to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our reviewers , are going to tell those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the fluctuations and the terrible consequences .
When it comes to stories , we love mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something will happen , but something else will happen .
George W. Bush thought he was going to invite Iraq , he was going to find a military dictatorship , he was going to liberate the Midwest to bring liberty to the Midwest .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his lifetime , until he or she was too old , or he would be sick and transform the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girl in school , and grow up as kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was giving to a young group that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world shocks us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible exhilaration of the ability to make mistakes .
We spend a week talking about innovations and improvements and improvements , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the wonderful things to change the world , at TED , 1998 , oh .
( Laughter ) Actually , they didn &apos;t work that way . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
I have another conference .
This conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times before , is about magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , the complexity and the complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Khan , the Chief Justice League of Liberia .
Nazi initially considered this intimate killing , but at the same time , he and other people began to set assignments on dozens of places in New York City including drums , synagogues and NGOs .
Fortunately , these plans were inspired by the FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the International Monetary Fund was not predicted .
Natalia , finally , was convicted of intervention .
El-Said Nozoa is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh , 1983 , with his Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who were trying to make a happy childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to Islam , which even a few of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people are connected to each other , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any given population , you &apos;ll find very few people who are so thermally connected to their religion , and they think you need to use all the possible means for others to live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that the early days of February , he and his friends were coming to London for a specific purpose .
He told me that morning I was going with them .
We got to the district of Calton , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
When my hero was going to hunt , my father helped me to save my mother and explained to me how he had been treated for almost 30 neurons .
That day , the last glimpse of my disadvantage was shining a little light on the top of the tree , and , to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was shattered .
My brother looked at another man , and the rabbi said , &quot; &quot; My God ! &quot; &quot; As a father , as a father .
They all laughed so well on that comment , but only a few years later , I totally understood what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same devastation that my father had received .
These guys , eventually , were convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of motorbike into a supermarket at the Soviet Union subway station , which killed six people and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people I used to call minority , which means negativity .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood was not allowed to have many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving to another city .
Being the new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to build my hand .
I would hide myself in my tennis courses so that I wouldn &apos;t be a slave , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more than enough in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
Because of all this , I had a fair share of social skills , and growing up in a young family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in my life , asking this question , came out in the early 2000s .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College Protection .
My group noticed in the violence of youth , and spending a lot of my life as a guest , that was an object that I was much more interested in .
The members of our group were represented by various aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was friends with was a hero .
It took me several days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural distinction between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I felt the pride that I was able to win the president , which I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental probe came along when I found a summer job at the Buck Gorges Festival .
There , I was negotiating with people of different faith and culture , and that experience became an influence in the development of my nature .
I learned that balance is a male , and more generally all of the dollars had an unintended effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers on a market , and soon I realized that many of them are the least expensive people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand , I &apos;ve developed a compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in the same way that I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to reconcile myself to the projects that I had been taught as a child with the experience and the interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be a drug , but I &apos;m known to be a drug that &apos;s behind my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stuart had to make me intellectually honest about my diversity , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with the human condition .
He was the model of my father for me when I needed it .
Procrastination often can come from unexpected places , and the fact that a good comic strike has a positive impact on my world than my own homeless father did not lose .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I would keep in my heart till I was alive .
He looked at me with a soulful eye , one who had enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; &quot; What ?
That &apos;s when I realized how much energy it takes to maintain all that dignity .
Zach Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to give back to my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hoping that maybe one day , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , even though I &apos;m arguing about that violence , the idea of abuse , but I &apos;m not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do it for the terrorist soldiers and for their loved ones , for the terrible pain and for the loss that terrorism has brought into their lives .
For the sake of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these unintended actions and share my own personal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and the child doesn &apos;t have to follow parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Play is what they &apos;re learning .
&quot; &quot; Beauty matters to me .
I want to know the people who are standing behind my lunch team .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re releasing water to their sources .
This whole understanding allows us to shift our understanding of what we &apos;re doing in terms of taxes , from consumer products to our ecosystem of restoration .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If happiness is the ability to recognize and maintain , then rehabilitation is the ability to repair and develop .
Increasingly , it gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system that understands our relationship to the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and explore its resilience .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way of understanding our environment .
The evidence is that a standard method for many people in the world of saving the world is very convenient , they &apos;re very efficient tools .
Green , yellow and red want different kinds of visitors .
Compassion is easy , go to the lap , stay away from the lap , think again before you go to the bathroom .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the branches in green .
We can &apos;t succeed , we can still make it happen if we measure success by changing the frequency of the species including the brain and the red image .
But what if we just eat green ink ?
This includes a cardboard box , Thunnus Albatross , a non-threatened species .
It &apos;s armed and it &apos;s not armed .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the headline , the headline .
What &apos;s the subject of this restaurant ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you , not oceans .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red line is very healthy , antioxidants and miners are heart-held .
Great . I love red cheese .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Well , how long do you tell me I have a problem ?
Adults , we have a problem of spectrum .
We have lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by embracing otherness .
And we &apos;re hiding that value under the income of vitamin .
So the point of restorative capital is that it matters what we need .
The feedback loop can be better represented not by Joey , not by Philips or by Gordon , but by Gold Greenspan .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is a new color .
Well , I would argue that broccoli can be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if , of course , we eat the most .
But we have to eat it with lots of meat .
The best part of the recycling is that it comes in half a toy : a series of toothbrush and cane dots .
It goes through a 142-pound paper towel with Dijon bag and hammer glued to a cloth and tea with a bunch of colored dough , soft and soft , a little dipped and baked dough with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And what &apos;s great is that all those components are accessible to all the families in Wallmart around the world .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is fighting to save the ocean for us to eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Make the Medicines Aid . We should be afraid of it .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we began to use the food that we create by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Happiness is a mess , but coffee is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been many movements recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are literally leading the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that doesn &apos;t pay attention to the food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our cloud .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade to eat a predominantly harmless environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
Before we lower public policies , media calls for more money .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can have a birth defect if we include more .
It &apos;s a promise I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our ancestors .
As soon as I &apos;m cooking , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize my grandparents .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they wouldn &apos;t cheat .
People have spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of diet .
They got healthier . I made more money .
Wonderful .
The environmental approach was measured with every substance , but it was also demonstrated in the piece of the human window .
Another thing that we did was we started to multiply varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , noses , vaccines , solid stress .
Friday , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , the common sorts of allies .
We &apos;re driving the tanks towards more resilience , towards more frustrating , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to appreciate .
That &apos;s what the green will says .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snippets , those sort of green snippets that I talked about earlier .
Well , if you need , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 pound fish .
Take the class . Close the fish for four parts .
Throw them in four dimensions .
Take these four apartments with a prisoner &apos;s dilemma and then open up the best guide to Bangladesh , five apartments and a tune .
Congratulations for eating this .
Please invite your friends and neighbors and , again , maybe once a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what advantages he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included white truffles , and they were discussed with lots of prisoners and very little oils , usually with bread .
Until today , I used to eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
Amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about our oceans is that the biggest number you &apos;ll ever hear about is probably the biggest number that your mother has been right .
Three fires together .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Instead , I &apos;m looking for usable components that are useful for my body .
For joy , I &apos;m looking for short , slow , sexy things that I don &apos;t think I should be ashamed of .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for posters that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just a limitation of our resources , it &apos;s also a global world that we call a process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to divide the rest , we &apos;re going to divide , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat bananas .
We have to eat small pores of grass .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my campaign called Sing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 46664 foundation of Nelson Mandela , the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robbie was in jail .
Here I am with Bayman , Jesus U , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robbie Commissioner , to meet Mendel , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global command , standing in front of his former prison camp .
Here you see the wind tunnel .
This was a huge event for everybody .
Now Mandela , at that moment , showed the world that there is real harmony happening in his country , that in many countries , there are thousands of people dying every day , and that the death toll is overwhelmingly small groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that HIV / AIDS rate has this effect on women .
So when I left Africa , when I left Copenhagen , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I &apos;ve got to talk about this .
I need you to serve me for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I took every form of 4664 organizations that I could have been present to . I took Mamluk Mausoleans , the questionnaires , using my best talks as a musician to bring me along the way to Mamela &apos;s suffering , and by the way , the terrible event that I could have done for
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everybody in the world , as Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country with HIV / AIDS have the highest incidence of HIV ?
I think if I now go out and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;re just going to fall asleep .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting NGO , who is the founder of the treatment Action Campaign , the founder of Ashley , an incredibly active part of the campaign .
I met him at one of the 4664 .
He was wearing this sweatshirt that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I am in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who are living with HIV .
And so because this restaurant is kind of like a joke , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m like , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be a dependent member . I went to Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a campaign made by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live in the middle of nowhere .
They have education programs .
They ask you questions about the controversy .
The act of doing it is really quite opposite .
And yes , my Song propaganda supports the Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I was able to get , I immediately went to Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my Swing campaign .
In the Sun Project , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oslo , New York , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congress trying to get people to donate .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly a white , middle African audience who finally got excited , because I &apos;m using a film that really touches the heart of this terrible conversation and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are very upset because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Austin , the Health Principle of the present , was also present in this system , and I had the opportunity to meet her , and she was instantly better at making change in that area that was so needed .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I was showing them my own experience , and I was again trying to highlight the level of HIV .
Here &apos;s my daughter at Edinburgh with the wonderful African American Singapore children that I just protect .
And just like these children , there are many babies who are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidney , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , the great fortune was Michelle invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the fight against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my pace to speak across the boundaries of my travel .
So what UNAIDS is trying to do right now is to make the world heard , is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from mothers to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be done with the support of political tools .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we cried , and we cried , and we both cried , because we &apos;re very confident , because we think this young woman gets treated , and so her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is about to bring light into the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a parent transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of viruses in the very beginning of life .
These are the ways in which we have to live lives of HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been deprived of AIDS .
Alia &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she was already witnessed with anti-AIDS drugs , and she was also suffering from seizures .
We met her in one of the hospital clinics in East Capital , and we went through a third of her , just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see them .
They built a special feedback loop for a girl who was following behind and taking care of her .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know , because we filmed his story , would he win this ?
So it was obviously a very emotional interview that left us with memories of this child , so you already know his story .
Five months later , we went back to Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They were lost because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This is a spectrum of disasters , actually , for hospital doctors and doctors who have been inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have that kind of behavior .
So I want to encourage each of you to support each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get nutrition and effective health care , and you believe that in the United States of America , in particular the fifth and third party , which all governments of the world have to do inevitably , in particular , is to ask : Where should I go ?
I think I would be right if I said that almost everybody in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good luck . Resolution is a wonderful way to go a step further , and it allows you to do everything that science will do today .
As a cybercriminal , I &apos;m committed to the age of excitement and science in order for you to feel the power of future technologies .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You read the road , and the world you see is combining information — letters , letters , letters , buildings — maybe one day even in the street named after you .
Here &apos;s my mental workload .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
When you look through the lens , you &apos;re actually scanning the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s point out the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in citizens , in the middle , a place and start .
( Music ) Voice : The record is ready . The record is transmitted .
So for those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , I would say it &apos;s made up of four different indicators : love , shame , shame and shame .
Play is one of the best motivators to interpret differently .
Now , in some ways , four signs are four times a year .
E : Ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like heating , when heat turns into ice , water turns into acid , and then everything disappears .
Each sign has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single video represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the scale , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful advocates of prostitution .
MTT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun warming up at night and the 100 hertz .
Voice : Sorry , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MM : And what &apos;s the conclusion that the toy has 52 tickets , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days a year , the number of birth defects .
Keep going . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t go real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday certificate , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world : bringing prosperity to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers , and even to boys and grandmothers . ( Applause ) Yeah , who are these ? MM : Yeah , they make fun of it . L@@
Wake up .
Jack . Hey , MT . Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . Look at my client .
MT : Be careful . Jack . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m presenting another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
( Video ) Narrator : The same game is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? What should it be ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Twenty-seven is a bit of a mischief , but of course it works . Some people will say that prosperity is a zero-sum game . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I &apos;m just saying no , no .
Right , in Germany it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intellectual , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a professional player , which is how you cut the cards with the money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s probably 4165 to one .
MT : Yes , but it seems to me that my cartoonists are better . It &apos;s possible to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : And so I get to the last and most important playground in terms of the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it &apos;s not important to operate , therefore not . Voice : The card is open .
TMT : This is , of course , real .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the challenge of making a scanner every day .
I was never so comfortable .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was happy to think about the lives of older women , young women and travel .
When I was a kid , I was really troubled , insecure and totally freaked out , from people who were scared , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I was finishing my song , I was walking when it started singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and frequency was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started hearing that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks , and with a third face , reproducing everything that I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was strange and disturbing , although I noticed that the instinct rate of sound changed , and it was sometimes disturbing my own unspoken feelings .
So for example , if I was open and I had to hide what I used to do , by covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure nothing was really there .
I first told the doctor at the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre publication .
For example , I was a television student who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with the mentor , who was very late , said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Ms. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
First of all , I had a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , it blew me away with a sense of hopelessness and kindness about me and my films .
But being committed to perceiving that sound not as an experience , but as a symphony , the fear of it and addressing it is more robust .
This was at the time , essentially , representing a kind of negotiating act of my own mind at the time , kind of a spiritual political war , and this gave a lot of the voices of his hero , which became apparent and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , misery , uncertainty and uncertainty started a difficult circle of understanding , and this was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to provide a level of peace and awareness .
Two years later , the vaccine was parallel .
Until now , I had a whole performance repertoire : horrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of humiliation and hopelessness , it seemed to me that anybody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
Someone who &apos;s been broken and broken started that journey , but that person who &apos;d come forward had been saved and ultimately turned out to be the person I was privileged to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor would win his illness .
You know , sometimes my mother is sleeping , but the month comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the good-looking people who fought for me and me , and those who expected me to come back from that misery , only from the day .
It was very hard to believe in the initial condition because the sounds were so intimate and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning that I had before as a verbal right .
For example , sounds that were used to hit my house , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity around the world , and not as a real victim .
At first , I believed it .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting next to my parents &apos; room to protect them from the sounds that I thought were real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do your best .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By recognizing this , I recently assembled the details of my deceased self , in a voice that was expressed in every good voice , I would definitely be removed from all drugs , again , psychotherapy , just this time .
Now I &apos;m very proud to be part of an international organizational body of sound , a venture that &apos;s gotten his idea from Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandy Ashley , who perceives sounds as survival therapy , rather than a brilliant attribute of survival , rather than a brilliant attribute of survival , that has to be part of what &apos;s needed to be
This kind of inequality is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of improving .
In other words , if there &apos;s social change , then it &apos;s transformative .
You can &apos;t get a brave person .
I can &apos;t press the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to voice has established in 26 countries in five continents , working together to bridge value , uniqueness and rights , including people with intellectual disabilities , to create new language and hope that empowers individuals .
As Peter Levin said , the animal is an animal that has to be treated with the basic ability to treat and use this ingenious mental quality .
In this way , there is no greater leverage for the society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient to be witnessed , to unlock the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are naked . We are immutable .
In our inner space , we never really can be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; I have a feeling for what they said about you .
You tell your story . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my images .
But is this a picture ?
Of course , these are pictures that you can &apos;t get with your camera lens .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with my earlier interest to paint , but this was a little different , because the process in the filter paper is in more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you put the beer in .
And for me photography means being in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something that was different , where the process began when you put a spot in the body .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam work .
But there is an unexpected circle .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures are both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photography .
Because , of course , these images are not actually possible , but I always want them to look like this , as if it were possible somehow to film them .
Photography is a moment to think about , to discover the opportunity .
And this has come up with more ideas than just a moment ago .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the microbes or the colors to the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we conceptualize the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not so realistic , but what we think is real .
I think the principles are very simple .
I see it as the pieces of reality where you can take different parts of reality and combine them with one another , the reality of reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we tear up our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this makes no sense .
I see the same process with photographs .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more real , I think , than the ones we don &apos;t even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in synthesis , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise , something is going wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic laws that we need to follow in order to get a result .
As you can see , these pictures are not so special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the images that consist should also have the same image .
Secondly , the photoreceptors need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules : they &apos;re made from the same height and also the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s not possible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images and make them without interference .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
By comparing colors , focus and light across borders , by adding photo details , like depth , breaking colors and zooming digitally , we &apos;re bringing the differences between different images into one single image , even though a picture can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s just a picture of nature , and the bottom one is transformed .
But this image is actually completely composed of all sorts of different images .
It seems to me , in fact , that it &apos;s much easier to prepare for any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to ask for ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of forgiveness , I knew I had a few months to prepare for me to find various places to get these photos .
For example , this fish was shot in fish meat .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
Most of Jay was made in the carpet .
And one thing I did was I made a little red donkey to make it look a little bit more Swiss .
To really get a result , it &apos;s all about planning .
I &apos;m always starting out of obsession , with idea .
And I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result can be quite beautiful and still be true .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a good golfer .
It turns out that Victorians , your daughter , have been publishing more classified documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange . Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so terribly bad that a small group of activists can share more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined ?
CA : So how does it work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical explorers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send material all around , to hide behind , to go through various rights like Sweden and Belgium in order to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , in our pockets , in our pockets , in our basic media organization , and we confirm , sometimes , a very difficult task when you talk about massive amounts of information , that we rely on skills and then protect us from unexpected rights and political relations .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that papers are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any way , then maybe we shrink it .
( Gunshot ) Wrong .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , you ask what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this document ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karl &apos;s wedding .
This was a secret poll taken by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was driven by Daniel Mouaz , about 18 years .
She was the daughter of Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to clean up Kenya from Corruption , they invaded this call , and they spent about two million pounds on that and heading one .
And then the government removed it , and as a politician , Mao Tse-tung used Mao Tse-tung , who was the wealthiest man , and now is the wealthiest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Chinese press .
So I went there in 2007 and we managed to get it right before the election , the National Election , December 28 .
When we honed that conversation , we honed three days after the fact that a new project , Kepler , was deciding to think of the person who came out to dinner with Daniel Ashraf Moi , and this meeting was named after the president of Kepler .
CA : And in short , the conversation about compassion was not about legislation , it was about independence , and in your mind , it was really about election outcomes .
JA : Huh . And this appeared on the front page of Google , and then it was printed in all the countries around Kenya — Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , two days later , became the case that Kenya &apos;s mother spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on TV , and the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic probe , and it changed the result of selection .
CA : Ah , did the data on your side actually change the world fundamentally ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a hand , a hand .
I see your object , oh , there &apos;s about four blobs , ah , blah .
It &apos;s freedom . All right . Shake .
Tell me when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Get lost .
Well , shut up .
( Drum roll ) Stop screaming . Stop screaming . ( Drum roll ) Stop screaming .
After that , Baghdad , Zipcar , Zipcar , Zipcar .
We have to move now .
Well , we got caught in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two and six , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , come on . What happened ?
Kkhh , Kkhh . Okay , here we go . I pop them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two heads to Baiddan to study the story more detailed .
This is just the first of three statements that happened in that area .
CA : And I would say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Roters either .
JA : Huh . From the two Roters jobs , two little boys dropped out .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And that turned out to be a big deal .
What was the real reason of anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great inequalities of power .
Here you see boys who are walking barefoot on the street , and there are 30-millimeter cantilevered pathways spraying on everyone , finding each species to do it and killing people who are saving the wounds .
And there were two journalists there who were very clear that they weren &apos;t , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I want to say that the research analysis of the United States , Bradley Manning , who &apos;s been bombarded , and it &apos;s been argued that , in fact , he &apos;s been documenting this video , and also 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies are showing you .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we worried that we got these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago to get 150,000 telephones and ship 50 .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Reichia earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to another .
The point is that I was from interviews that I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Dictionary , you got thousands of DVDs ?
JA : We were going to hook them up . ( CA : What ? ) JA : Huh . ( CA : What ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of terrorist government looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what material there is .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is the underlying secret sauce correct ?
JA : Well , the question is , what information is important in the world , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When businesses spend money on security , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information comes out , there is hope that it will do good , because businesses that are well known , parents know about it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t it a secret to individuals involved or , really , for the vast majority of society , that a spectrum can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our material , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
So we have policies of misunderstanding .
We have a special way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with detectors that tell us the foundations are okay .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for example , you know , a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you published something that somebody had a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the press : it leaves the press , for the millions of people around the world , that the American soldiers are homeless .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My father &apos;s not like that . How do you do it ? &quot; &quot; What did you say ?
JA : Hey , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to highlight what you think companies and government are smart secrets .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t it easy to find that in order to navigate , you have to create a secret of yourself around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victorians .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an alcoholic of other sources .
If they appear , it &apos;s a complex situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to keep us sane , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like , just based on our audience today — I &apos;m interested in recognizing the belief of TEDsters .
You know , it could be two types of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , a hero , a hero of a staff who brings this important light .
Pretty scary .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s dangerous ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : It &apos;s a bright spot , Julian , bright spot .
You have to try a little bit . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re doing it .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JA : So this is a sign that we do every day .
Last November , a number of revolutions took place in Albania like the Mississippi Delta , but not so much .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident that said that actually , the security services employees from some company , some military company , were actually putting foreigners in there and hitting them .
And that part of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering license on top had nothing written on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t afford it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what it was .
So we were a little bit stressed out by this idea that maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re getting into this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
It sounds normal , it sounds right , but we can &apos;t afford it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what paper is all about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Does it really hurt you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this funeral where the author &apos;s name was written on the Mechanopad Web .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods in identity , in order to optimize matter , try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : Huh . What information did you get from PISA ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and challenging .
So the majority of our performance in the last few months has gotten smaller , because we recycle the systems because of the overwhelming social interest that we have .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of growing up , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at a very high level , but not enough people that are constantly scanning this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the key chapter , mainly in the news constitution and the reporter function ?
JA : There you go , people who are confident .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we need to reform people who are going to be dealing with the highest security issues , and then with lower security issues .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how you started this work .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing the bill , so two bullets ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you that this is the component of paranoid development .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I would say , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a programmer .
You know , earlier , I was a young journalist .
I had a content , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
That &apos;s why you have to feel different .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by rice math for your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the key values are , yes , adults don &apos;t make toys ; they feed them snakes .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a second acceptance , from the older people who have been in my life .
CA : So how many people of the age do you want to be famous ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , so food is not my thing , but there &apos;s another way to eat your souls , and that &apos;s to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute we were asked , what happened in Iceland ?
You actually published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news servers thought the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country it was a major one .
His bank sector had 10 percent of the economy left in GDP .
However , we &apos;ve been teaching this late last year .
And National television was forced to stop it five minutes before it was released , as in the movie , the press conference room opened , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What shall we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website all the time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Iceland and and talked about this issue .
And the community was so empowered that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political factors in Iceland and other international legal professionals , we set up a new piece of legislation for Iceland to become an official monarchy for free , the most powerful media organization in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was accepted by the Icelandic soldier .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Brother will be more of us , more secrets will we be following the Big Brother , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure that &apos;s the case for progress .
So there &apos;s a huge amount of pressure for the legislation of freedom of speech in America , China and the United States .
What can you do ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only with a little effort that we can move around and around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve made the point in the audience , saying , Julian , have been tough , have been tough , have been tough .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my boss , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting budgets and stories , nine with the 17 interesting citizens .
But I will concentrate on the demise .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal style is very clearly focused on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a wonderful education , I &apos;m not a scientist , but I &apos;ve never seen many of these jars and the works of art .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming an art gallery with more accessible data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of wonderful people , and we started working .
So maybe I &apos;ll show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these light bulbs there .
This is the Wofis County , the Museum of Modern Art , the Temple , Royce and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan Museum .
There are two ways to stay , which is very cool .
Put this here , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bonobo , Mexico , it doesn &apos;t matter .
You can run in a trench . You can walk .
Would you like to circle around ?
Open the hardware and bring it inside .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite pictures , Peter Bregel brilliant , Matty .
You see the sign of this money .
If the machine gave us those pictures , you could click on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missing .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds left .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This guy comes out , his face is awkward .
But then the desire to create a more close-up picture .
And I started to study it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little research , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered this is a game called Seoul , which children dress in seatbelts on Wednesday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now as we get closer , we get to the grass .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so you can see how far they were actually coming .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) It &apos;s still running , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite pieces again , the night of God , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this headset .
We take the picture , we sort of stick it in .
I &apos;m going to reach out to my favorite painting , and I &apos;m going to reach out to baby steps .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now , on the other hand , I love the opportunity to show you .
There are many different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Seafood .
Each of you , no one of you , doesn &apos;t mean wealth or poverty , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
It &apos;s very exciting , as you think about it , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the image , you can change the scale of the image .
This is the Hippocratic Oath .
You can make reviews and send out to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the most important thing for me here is that these wonderful things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the fossil record .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing images .
It was my experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly presenting artworks online .
And the most important question I get asked is this : &quot; &quot; Have you ever made it to reinvent the washing machine ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It &apos;s just like visiting the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsive .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and also some of the supernatural things that are called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use a metaphor , a circle . In my talk , you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Switzerland , a rural family in France .
Soon my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Africa , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The ratio surrounding us was filled with a lot of families where parents were driving the family , so I grew up looking at my mother &apos;s fragile environment .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good educator , a good educator , a modern , marginalized woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very passionate about me , but with more intellectual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to stumble upon the break and got horrible images of her husband , without eyes .
Many came to visit my grandmother with strict polar bears and legs .
Every time my grandmother would find a word in Arabic , she would take a red pen and she would squeeze it with swords as many as they wanted to drop out of the marble .
And then , one more night , he was in a starfish .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these kinds of things in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who are addressing my grandmother had mental problems , I haven &apos;t seen that there &apos;s no harm left .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was that the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , promise does help . But you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , was a very narrow lesson , which is that if you want to sacrifice something in your life , whether it &apos;s artificial , paperwork , human spirit , then you have to surround it with immediate wars .
And I &apos;m going to dive in .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yeah , we &apos;re all .
We &apos;re all born in a given family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we don &apos;t have any connection to the world that we &apos;re all familiar with , then we could end up with a threat to extract from the bottom .
Our education would be wasted . Our hearts would be wasted . Our humanity would be diminished if we stayed tired for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they looked like us , we would be surrounded by our celebrities .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a light bulb or they lay behind the wall so they can take the pictures off the side .
It &apos;s an ancient North American habit based on the belief that it &apos;s not healthy for humans to spend a lot of time fighting .
Through the aggregate , the homes of people living in communities are often the biggest threat to globalization in the modern world .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world : liberals and conservatives , aesthetics and beliefs , wealth and poverty , East and East .
We intend to build buildings that are based on symmetry and then report on people who perceive other planets .
I think the only cultured thing to win is this reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can launch the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through these discoveries we can analyze other fields and even compute what we see .
I started writing at eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you want to have a criminal record ?
When I look back , I think he was theoretically concerned about my psychiatric situation .
I used to tell stories about a house that was always good , but I was telling my kids about what was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful athletes and asking for forces when I was negotiating them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was this about me .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that became the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
And the reaction to me was self-reflection , rather than transcendence , of travel to other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to clap a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and put it back a little bit .
Going back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , snobbery , medieval kid , where my grandmother lived , and I moved here to this wonderful , mega-school where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; disabled representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various nations . However , this diversity did not correlate with classrooms , equal citizenship .
Instead , it created a platform where every child was viewed not as individual but as representative of something larger .
We were a little bit like the United Nations , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with the people who believed in it .
This or this child was often turned into an object of forgiveness and an object of war .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was finishing up this school , there was a war revolution in my country — a man who was expecting my nation — there was very little left to do with the murders of Rome Pei and the Syrian war in Europe .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to lessons and dreaming of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
The other kids were asking me about the film &quot; &quot; Spring Spring , &quot; &quot; which I hadn &apos;t seen before , and they were interested in how many calories a day I was singing because they thought that all sailors were nuts , and they were surprised that at the time I had to start covering my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria of my country : politics , politics , symbols and president .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my childhood was the only thing I could transport with me .
The stories struck me to be central , sustainable and subsequent — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Samuel , a town that I run .
I lived in a lot of animals , in many places , where I wrote some of my vacations .
I was at Starbucl when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , my eyes developed a kind of vision that got me going .
We had a local priest , an elderly man who never sold a jewelry , and he never spoke to the congregants of humanity .
He was sitting next to a translator who had long and bright paint and a pair of handbags hanging underneath his feet .
I saw this man opening his window of the cigarette , and he threw a picture of the German earthquake until now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the protector of the protector and the transgression of the English waving together on the mother .
Death and dying and our nation &apos;s differences make us all uniform , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but in good reading , we leave our little , wealthy wildscapes behind , and we just come out in the night sky and start interviewing people we &apos;d never met before or maybe who we &apos;d never met before .
Shortly after this , I started giving college girls in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not about global change , but about language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , not a mystery , not a mystery , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ? &quot; &quot; With language , I get to recreate myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a lot of connection in two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you live constantly and horizontally .
Because as a starter , we always want to say more , do better things , say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great range between mindset and language .
And that tension is terrifying .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a curse .
This is what I discovered in Boston : autism is very depressing .
My grandmother , who had been watching my whole life , began to get involved in his struggle , which was that I would marry soon so I could find a place , and always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I have begun to translate life in Arizona and in Starbucl , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of my life has always been called physically or psychologically .
Stories are always approaching me , keeping all my parts and memories together , acting like an existential sum .
As many stories as I tell , I recently started thinking about how they lose their magic , whether or not the story considers more than the story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I like your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one out there , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the events happened at the University of Boston , it was normal for me to have English characters that are much nicer than papers , but I realized what he was looking for .
And I also realized that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
In the book he was looking for a woman , because I was .
We often talk about how storytellers change the world , but we also have to see how self-government affects how storytelling spreads and retrows .
Many books feel this pressure , but the non-Arthur books feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death , like me , you tend to assume that you &apos;re writing stories about dead women , and you &apos;re choosing hard stories about dead women .
You &apos;re expecting to be writing information , six and typical stories , and you &apos;re going to go through the experience and the hard work of your Egyptian colleagues .
What I felt like a child in Mathare &apos;s school is now in the physical world .
People don &apos;t think of themselves as being an individual creator , they think of themselves as representatives of their culture , some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We all expect to have something special if not normal .
An interview by James Baldwin in 1984 asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to figure out how many times he was writing , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; What don &apos;t you see ? I have nothing in my mind that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to punish us , the freedom of our childhood rises .
There &apos;s a certain theory called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the E.U. world go together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural progression 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the informal , you know .
( Laughter ) We got together not because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We had collected our characters .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so compelling .
The frequency corresponds .
In that way , not just for the authors , but also for the characters who are lost in order to become great representatives .
But I also have to add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just about Artempt .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was asked to please stand up in front of the courtroom in front of the courtroom and give an answer to my favorite characters .
I was expected to write about structural , multi-dimensional , multi-dimensional , multi-family members , seeing women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story also mattered when I was asked .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about counter-terrorism .
Sometimes I had a desire to bring both sides to remind myself that it was just a slave .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to eradicate my work .
I want to love and expand the reaction to that nature , rather than what it will get .
Storytellers are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at that point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right answer is all different .
And it &apos;s only the last one to accept the author &apos;s responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of authenticity separates us . The story is unified .
One is called unintended consequences .
The other one is the details .
One builds boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of solid fire .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
In the Okinawan age , there were terrible stories called &quot; &quot; Mediators . &quot; &quot; They went to lunch screens , they told stories to young women , often by telling these stories right away .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even smoking , dead people , not dead people .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Neanderthals , that were very spread all over the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian listeners are still reading books and they &apos;re reading books together and they &apos;re reading the story .
It brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books saved the Internet , poor girl , like I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sami Teresa , the first thing he did was to look at Rumi &apos;s books in the water and see how the words disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t bring you greater ignorance than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not in the category of knowledge , we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and distant .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much ; life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuous ; it &apos;s located there .
The other leg is in constant motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction as well .
Some of it is equipped with sweet potatoes in Starbucl , and another part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Pavilion of Tophobia , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
In conclusion , a few of my favorite reasons , there is a place called the Johnny Cloud .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
We &apos;re usually unaware of the kinds of things that go wrong .
We view them as prohibitions of supernatural objects , like water that &apos;s kind of slaughtered and sterilized .
But more such teenagers need writers and photographers .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage disability and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love the way my portraits surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are scared of our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I live . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Great . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that teaches students to write is what you know ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
It doesn &apos;t have to do with who we are or what we know , or what we are .
We have to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study others .
After all , stories are like actors who set boundaries with their own purpose .
They bring all of humanity together , regardless of who you are . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of us to love and love , Mom , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McDonough . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the game world .
So far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on Azeroth &apos;s robotic problem .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build more social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like a game .
Before the game was over , we had sweat balls .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
And so 18 years later , Hodosh said the professor had to play the last game .
We want to imagine exercise , and then bring people into the exercise .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have positive data on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , world and empathy .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , can take the road to the many billion big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is an intentional women &apos;s room filled with liquid detergent .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my childhood experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I started my own way to relate to wine .
And in the process , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more stimulated and more happy .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the high altitude .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , it has become a natural predator .
I was having lunch with a boy who was thought to be a four-hour lunch lady .
What was left ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drink for five hours , this cookie might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of cookie , to show your own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a party and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet time at 8 ? &quot; &quot; They would probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Oh , it &apos;s very clear , but nevertheless , I &apos;m going to get to play a rhythm , I &apos;m going to do two conference calls and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re pretty well equipp@@
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit before you get to the Titanic .
And our Titanic had a lot to do with it .
I feel like , if Laysan &apos;s brothers and brothers managed Laysan &apos;s brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , the sister would probably see the summer , because he &apos;d been reading from 7.5 or eight hours a day , and he would see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve had several journeys all over the world , and what &apos;s helpful for our own sake , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and also help the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , open your motors and open your strength to you .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for decades it had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create the elite , stable , monolithic megafauna species in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;d never learned about crime or architecture or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got seven tutors in art school , and everyone got a tutor .
I picked my way to becoming a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
I was asked to do a graffiti exhibition , and I did the graffiti .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no underground .
We had to do something .
The Dutch village was famous for a crime .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
I came out to break the window , and I started to look at the fish that connected the nets and designed a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it as a new approach to creating a canvas , a way to create a canvas without giving you a canvas shape .
And the first thing that really surprised me was I got these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; The Lion King . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to photograph , we uploaded the Web to the street .
What I discovered is that desired resilience evaporates every aspect , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to study and collaborate with the authorities , and also in Levitha , with the audiences .
I wanted it to be a little bit more detail as a result , but I wanted to make bigger things , to transform the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the guys working there , and we set up a network , a million and a half links , which , in a short time , was in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw that . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel Slo-Morris , who transformed the tragic segment of the city of Port-au-Prince .
He asked if I could make a sustainable act for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by maintaining my art .
In flexible , architectural solutions , these properties were in conflict with the material in a standard way .
Two years ago , I was looking at details that would describe electromagnetic radiation in the east , the atmosphere and the atmosphere of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so severe that it would have been buried from the pressure .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we packed up a 20-ton wall .
We had to make an engineering solution that would go from a mouth to a drawing board to a drawing board .
But there was no software that could model objective and moving material .
I found a paleontologist in Austria who designed instruments for the oil spills of America . His name is Peter Happend .
He helped me solve two zeroes by providing the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the hand axes didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with the factory manufacturer , identified with their battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no code that would transform the manufacturing of the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 15 square mile network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an innocent and innocent paradox .
Now it was a perceptual space .
I thought about it for the first time .
Before I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underground and at the same time being connected to the unknown ground .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , it had to be more expensive than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit out of the water , and we tried to get a little bit out of the water , and we also found out that people could actually engage with this material and go through without hesitation .
I &apos;m using this material to visualize the proscenium of subway stations at the moment of the process , as if it were a radioactive image of the urban environment .
The next challenge was to meet in Denver — Switzerland and South America — and they asked me if I could imagine 35 Western nations and connecting them across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yeah .
It was discovered in Chile about the earthquake and the tsunami that had occurred in the Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic walls of the country , accelerating the planet &apos;s surface and literally increasing the gravitational pull .
I got involved with NOAA , asking for the tsunami , and I turned it into this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microscope that the Earth took up on day .
I couldn &apos;t build this for a wall star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a thick , thin slime mold , which was 15 times shade .
The classroom would now be completely dense and so dense that buildings could become part of the city &apos;s neighborhood .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and models of nature .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to sustain Thomas Sugar or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the top of the ground .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need more .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and exclusive ways .
Now I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering projects to create structural , fragmenting , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in Financial .
In law school , he was never interested in art , he never went to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and he &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; You know , he &apos;d go under the rubble .
These people who were dressed up as stupid by their unfamiliar , and looked at the creativity , the shape-shifting images and analyzed the wonder together .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexuality , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . This was a joy . ( Audience : Really . )
Information flows through all of our sensitive systems at the same time , and it &apos;s embedded in this huge space that has the present self , the present self and the value and how it feels and hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right hemisphere .
And right now we are perfect , we are perfect , and we are beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is a different one .
Our left-hand side thinks mood and metaphor .
And the one on the left is thinking about language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more alien in my body . Imagine that .
