By the time you get older , about a billion people on this planet will be actively connected by social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this part of it , and this is a blog created by Derek Miller at the beginning of this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing like this , and then he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this messaging that I wrote , and this activity site became a passive site . &quot; &quot; Because Mill was a journalist , his brain was probably well written and more thoughtfully designed , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is very different from some of the things that have been created by
Let &apos;s move to statistics for a moment .
Now , YouTube videos are up 48 hours of video every minute .
200 million digits are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they &apos;ll do is they &apos;ll be making some pictures and some economic videos , or a project that &apos;s on some shelf .
And we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital machine that will stay in the cloud for many years after we die .
I think this will create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future look like .
Now we know some utilities that are designed to help us figure out what &apos;s going to happen to our online proteins and social media when we die .
One of them , I found myself quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Music ) Adam Oustria : Bear .
E : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : An ifie.net is not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
It just lets you create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you died .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Empires .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places that you can explain online , with videos , with photos and narratives that you may have after you died .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
So that the ability of cars to understand human languages and build huge amounts of data is continuing to increase , it &apos;s possible to analyze a whole life of abundance , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think that in some time , our digital identities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , because of the full simplicity that we create , and because of technology , it &apos;s an opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , all you write to make predictions about what the next letter is .
Right now , as you can see , results can be very happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , with improvements in our technology skills .
Fast-forward , MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots could communicate with the characteristics of a certain person based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous theater , which was the night of the election in 2008 , in the United States , when CNN gave the Hippocratic Office to its studio , Andrew Coughs interview .
What if we could use technology like this to protect the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate in a relatively similar way to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lifetime ?
And I think it &apos;s possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the technologies that we &apos;re using are increasing rapidly .
Now , in fact , what we all need to think about is : do we want this to become our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the boundaries of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in agricultural technologies .
My company is trying to get people to join the environment , to pay attention .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second , until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember everything that came to her .
All the services that we use , communication , time , factories , fashion .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and at that time , our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that has created something globally true and true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and secrecy .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 time-lapse device wearing the Brain A virus . This is the first virus on the computer .
When you keep procrastinating , the mycelium goes down , it &apos;s scorned here by 0600KO78RUS .
As a sign . It &apos;s not used in any way .
Studied by understanding the meaning .
So I went back to Google , to cut a long story short .
But there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are a couple of Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if it &apos;s over , Russia means Russia .
Citywide , you can find this in some mobile phones , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in San Francisco .
And after a while of searching , we finally discovered this WEB site . This guy , this guy , worked for years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journal , and in this blog he writes his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend . And he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is behaving .
Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 has over 400 movements . This is a family car for 20 children at Stanford .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
This is at Stanford .
He rented another car . And he took pictures of his blog .
( Laughter ) This is his Maestreader . This is Ladida Somara , who was kidnapped . You can see , the Chief Justice of Oz .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if it were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The work is closed . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What happens if the crime is over ? In many cases , the work isn &apos;t there .
The vast majority of impacts .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I &apos;d like to make it easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what it &apos;s done . This is Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable treatment controller , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually running one of these . And if Stuxnet is running one of these .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electricity , chemistry , math industry , you &apos;re looking around , everything is controlling computers . Everything is controlling computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary spheres of electricity , obviously we depend on computers . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So preparation assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , and that &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about the need for food , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;m going to talk about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life defending the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need more inclusive , more inclusive .
We &apos;re going to call it a legal interface to detect criminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of services — and this is more important than offensive .
Creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the room , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this : It will take you only two minutes to change your body .
But before that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the arguments that occur in the intersection , the silent jokes , the worldview , or the fake eye , all the way up to a simple hand .
Singapore . This is where they get to the captain .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And that is , when we think about non-verbal values or movement , as social scientists , we call it non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnectedness .
There &apos;s enough reason to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and mistakes .
And they can be creatively meaningful in critical circumstances of life , such as the acceptance of human function or the decline of time .
For instance , a researcher at the University of Texas found that when people look at the doctor and the patient &apos;s real interaction in 30 seconds , their doctor &apos;s love will be judged by the doctor &apos;s approval , so no .
And therefore they should be smart , right ?
Our ideas , our emotions and our organs are at the same time .
So what kind of non-verbal communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high school business school , and it was unexpected that I would become interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the non-zero-sum dynamics of power and generosity .
What do you think are the non-zero-sum tools of forces and authority ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger , bigger , bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jesse has explored this observation that is known as pride and discovery .
Hands are writing about us , shrinking , not even wanting to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what a meeting of powerful people looks like .
When we face a powerful and self-confident identity , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
As long as others go inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less acceptable than men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
This is particularly important for the business master , because the performance is so limited by participation .
Business schools have long struggled to solve this gender gap .
So I started beating , for example , university adopts these people who participate in classrooms .
There are predictions of yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat , the author gets thrown in the toothpaste , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works twice . It works twice as well .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is , we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can our bodies change the way our consciousness works ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from strengths and strokes ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people tend to be more transparent , more self-confident and better .
They really think that the winner &apos;s going to come out , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who is in response to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indirectly , and that change in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , insignificant change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit down or stop .
Here are the sketches of a human being .
You shake it , you smack it .
He was beating her .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes , and this is the result .
And this is what happened to cortisol .
It turns out that our body language decides not just about the environment , but about ourselves .
Also , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use this as a way of valuing your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression on your face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers can &apos;t do it .
So the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis or experiment is .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure to shape as long as it gets there .
The answer is , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a diplomat .
When I was 19 , I was on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
that I am independent .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became whatever I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . At five years old .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Forget that long before you become what you want .
Do it so long that it hasn &apos;t already become a part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small changes can occur .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your testosterone scan , lower your cortisol level .
Let me give you a place to think that you haven &apos;t shown your capacity .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest challenge .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; extreme environments , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest challenges ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and graphics because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from cheating .
One billion people are free to drink clean water .
Two billion people are in severe situations .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the issue of solving it first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read quickly : climate change , aggressive diseases , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption and so on , integrating nature , social conditions and water , and suburbia and foreign intelligence .
We think judgments are among the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important thing ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was answered in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving problems ; it &apos;s about solving the overall problem .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the Kyoto reaction .
Aging diseases should be solved by the network of hospitals and adults .
Companies are using force and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege — write what you think about major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistakes on the slide — notice that we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor as well , and just notice that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and some of which are smaller .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a large part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions going forward , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define translations ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that happened ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncommon .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more clues that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to perform a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of generosity , and of course we continue to tell the difference between a second and a second , but in a different way , it certainly is harder to do than if we actually did in a certain set of assumptions and followed that and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do a lot and a lot of things , but we didn &apos;t know the price , nor the volume .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big coin , but you didn &apos;t know anything about the genes .
For example , you asked a question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small mission , right ?
I &apos;d like to know .
And that &apos;s what Copernican Consensus is trying to figure out what the gender of these problems is .
And the main job of the Copernican Consensus was this .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in every field .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
And also in infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that cost ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the dream team . The University of Cambridge , amazingly , decided to call them Rebel Maeda economics .
It works really well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that understandable .
And their creature was basically a symbol of culture .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria experts .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which one of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where they said there &apos;s bad projects , which is programs where the dollar investment is lower .
There &apos;s an average , a good , very good program .
And of course , we need to start right here with some good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with some of the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very end of the show , climate change .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the things people will say , I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to go back to that question because that &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreement with the exhibitions that you &apos;re talking about .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The other thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average feature of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citol Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It flows twice the size of the sophisticated development of World War II .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
Amongst all models , it will follow the global supply of 2100 in just six years .
That is , a guy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little bit better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some result .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , can solve all of the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can provide all the people around the world with clean water , with sanitary pad , with a basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves if we want to spend two times more money and do something very positive .
Or to do some incredible things with that money .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s just not our first problem .
The bottom line is , I &apos;m not going to take all the numbers — for example , infectious diseases , primary health services — despite getting a little bit higher in this desire , because , yes , health services are very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very costly .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , lots of scenarios and water projects come in .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressed in the first generation of programs in the world .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Court can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can increase that by a meter .
We can prevent over 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their capabilities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the short run , and the problem of global warming .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can get to the window and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and in the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year in an absolutely astonishing number of which half will go to the rest of the world .
Again , we can say that , in fact , we can get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly in about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very effective tools for solving the food problem , particularly in the form of microreorites .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffered from nitrogen , zinc , zinc and vitamin A.
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this , and what we need to focus on , there are two different ways of combating HIV .
The first is treatment , and the second is the prevention of the treatment .
And again , in the perfect world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is much more expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in preventive programs .
With the money we spend , we can do a lot of good things with treating and treating 10 times better things .
And again , we &apos;d better focus on prevention because of the treatment .
It really makes us think about our own societies .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you right ?
Or do you get there ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a big deal .
We have to work , of course , on the problem of climate change , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of our dreams team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , as we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they &apos;ll be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;re going to be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to help a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re wealthy , like you &apos;re wealthy , like a rich Chinese , like everyone else , or Congolese , like 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it that they have helped me to deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really taken care of my grandmother , or Japanese , who
It doesn &apos;t even coincide with what we think about problems .
Of course , it &apos;s because climate change is so well understood .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after the movie . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emma to choose a Brad Pitt for his next film , to attempt a sandwich for something like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the point of the movie .
So , in many ways , I think that the whole debate about Copernican Convention and Government is framing the challenges .
So we can learn that this is not a good feeling .
And not just to make sure that the calls that are at the center of the media are there to make it happen , but to create a foundation for doing better things .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the perfect world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not like we &apos;re in a sudden path to solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things around the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Bucky about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend each time with the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best of civilizations .
I just want to highlight : Do we really have the right shot ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an unexpectedly larger , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Just for two reasons , they need to learn English in university and in English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly leave the polling boundaries , and they did so and proposed their own profiles .
And what was really interesting was that the exhibitions were the same — the problems of tyranny and disease in the first place , and the climate change was over .
We did the same thing many times .
A lot of other semesters came together and a lot of students came .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that gave me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I believe that we should go some way to think about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the perfect world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copacabana as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to gather more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Put the right way for the world , and also start to think about political heritage .
So let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives us a lot of money , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some very powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree with how we define these concepts , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we do
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define farming and think about how to help the world .
Thank you .
1995 , I was a college student , and a friend of mine and I traveled with Prussia , Red Island to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and we were collaborators , so we picked a path that went from local to national services to , in short order , to the longest possible path .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that I received over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see the path all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks up at me .
The first battle that you &apos;re sitting in is perfectly universal .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the symbols that we see that the Chinese heroglyphs are portrayed . &quot; &quot; And he keeps staring at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing because he knows what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , this is the famous Chinese hero for the butterfly . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes misunderstand the signals that surround us , and how do we do when it happens , and what does that tell us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to go on this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage : the opposite of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us are doing everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not to avoid thinking that we might be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hum hits me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right here in the present time , seem to be theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m missing .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings now , we go back to the present day , we go to the present day , we vote .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a small bubble of our own destiny .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So what I want to talk about today is , first of all , why are we embedded in the belief of our own rights ?
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to win this feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the greatest , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
False . Okay , great .
Awful , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a brief executive is always on , but never gets to a rocket .
In virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist comes racing down after the bird , and the bird comes racing down the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and able to fly .
But the tank is running behind it .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the actor doesn &apos;t have a problem too .
She keeps running until she looks down and realizes she &apos;s in the air .
At that time , he &apos;s walking .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air , but not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a constructive reason , that makes us insist on staying in the belief of our own states .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal that will tell us we &apos;re wrong until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us sane and have a consensus about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher &apos;s division of surveillance work , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And so you &apos;re in school , and you certainly know what you think about a child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he &apos;s making orders ; he never does his homework .
And so , as you become nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are mistakes , mistakes are the foundations of accountability , and the second of all , the focus of succeeding in life is a mistake .
We learn very well from that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , well , head-tail-head , athletic , moral fear .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and mortgages .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get terrified of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgery .
She &apos;s being disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the paintings and letting the patient go to her bedroom for surgery .
Everything looks good .
The woman stands up and looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed in the cereal ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s positioned on her wrong side because the surgeon has surgered her left leg , instead .
When the hospital &apos;s health reporter gave a talk about an accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting us with a sense that we &apos;re on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be fair , the belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advocate for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and then we make devices like , for example , over 750 million clean oil spills or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are fully true .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way by making a random random prediction .
First of all , when someone shows up their disagreement , we just assume they &apos;re unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption , they know the truth , and they blame it for their imperfect purpose .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s so necessary for us that it makes us do terrible things with each other .
But to me , the most extraordinary and most controversial thing is that it unites the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a retinal circuitry , and we &apos;re looking out that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everybody to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it were , life would be very wild .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
It &apos;s about seeing the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for the same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Sousa Augustine , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
He realized that our ability to make mistakes is not something intangible in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to get biologists to answer that .
I think the pursuit of that is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I was listening to this messaging called This American Life in public radio .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m dead .
I became a misfit woman .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating with him .
So I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake in order to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our readers , they give us those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive attacks and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to make mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but instead something else happens .
George Bush thought he was going to invest in Iraq , he was going to find a devastating race , he was going to liberate the Middle East to bring peace and peace .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violent of Egypt in his entire life , until he or she becomes very old or becomes sick and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you would grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and you would have kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very disturbing book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , this conference is an incredible exhilaration of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , oh .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another concert .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the relation of the miracle .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the coordination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named Ella Sheikh Nosee found himself in a hotel in Manhattan and killed Robbie Matt Kamen , the Chief of Liberia in the Archives .
Nairobi originally thought of as being immune to that murder , but at the same time , she and other people started planning taboos in dozens of places in New York City , including kidneys , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were sponsored by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the Middle East didn &apos;t respond .
Narrator was finally voted for the intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 by the Egyptian engineers , and the American mother and teacher who were working together to create a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any citizen , you will find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think you need to use all the possible means for others to live like them .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of Hebrew , he and his friends went to London for a particular purpose .
He told me the other morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calton , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
My father helped me keep my teeth when I was growing up , and he explained to me how to treat the army for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , my last flashlight , caught up with a little bit of light on the top of the track , and , to my surprise , everyone , especially me , the whole track , blew up .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My God is God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that event , but only a few years later , I realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father had received .
This guy , at the end of the day , was going to launch 1,500 pounds of paper towels to put a minibus on the World Trade Center subway station at the South Central Highway Agency , which killed six people and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called marriage , which means marriage .
Before I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , gather and move another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was always a joke to make .
I would hide myself in my classroom to not be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more than enough in the classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
And because of that , I had a social skill set that was said to me , and growing up in a global family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgages such as race or religion .
So what has opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending most of my life as a guide to embarrassment , which was something that I was much more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
At the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural divide between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and frankly , I felt proud that I could win that chapter that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental fact came when I found a public job in Budrus , entertainment .
There , I was subjected to all sorts of religious and cultural backgrounds , and that experience became a phenomenon in my nature .
I &apos;ve learned that comparison is a boy , and frankly , all drugs have an explicit effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers in the short run , and soon I found that many of them are the least , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handful of handcuffs , I &apos;ve created a compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in the same way that I would like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to convey myself to graphs that were taught in my childhood through experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something that is beyond my power .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Whatever . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my melancholy , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual assault has nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Procrastination often comes from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impact on my world than my own voracious father , which is unrelated .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about the change in my world , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of an eye that had someone who had sufficient depression to live their whole life , and he said , &quot; What ? &quot;
At that point , I realized how much explosive energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
See , Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to have that violence , that I was not supposed to have a misconception , but I was not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , the fight against malaria .
I do it for the geeks and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that the terrorism has brought to them .
For the defense efforts , I &apos;m going to speak up against these unintended activities and justify my own personal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and it &apos;s not necessarily following the pattern of the father .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Beauty is about what they &apos;re learning .
&quot; &quot; Beauty &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who are standing after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re falling .
I want to know how they hope for the water industry to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer products to the restoration of our ecosystem .
It allows us to disrupt the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The reverse engineering and dynamic system is empowering and embracing our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can integrate the ocean and explore its flow .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence that the standard method for most people in the world for conservation is very common , they &apos;re highly sophisticated tools .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , go ahead and stay ahead of the box , think about going back to the drug .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough yet to eat green ink .
We cannot succeed , we cannot continue , if we measured its success by changing the patterns of the species that are involved in the blood and the red .
But what happens if we just eat green meals ?
There &apos;s a kind of a Thunnus albatross in this map , which is a non-dangerous species .
A card is raped and unstable .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s a big deal , a big deal .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I call it a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do it three times a week ?
Do I want green , but I don &apos;t , you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we have to have a hypothesis , a limitation of what we do .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are very good for the heart .
Okay . I love red wine .
I swear so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a problem with the predators .
We have lost a sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the piles .
We hide that value by embracing the victim by receiving the victim .
And we hide that value under the income of vaccines .
So the point of restoration is that it matters what we need .
The overwhelming odds can be the best represented not by Jones , not by Philips or by Giordon fans , but by Goldie Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that color is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that Brooklyn can be a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if , of course , we &apos;re all eating .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part about surviving letters is that it &apos;s halfway through — with a series of Tobacos and potato chips .
It &apos;s a 142-gram pipe filled with Dijon bag and a spine filled with mud leaves and quinoa filled with colored dough with colored dough so thick and sweet , a slightly cooled dough with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the cool thing is that all those components are available for all the families in the world around Worcester .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America since we &apos;re eating now .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget the medical condition . We need to fear the gill .
We dismissed the Earth , and then we began to use the food that we produced by harnessing our life .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time for us to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a word , but it &apos;s a fact that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been many movements recently for our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walters are the leaders of the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that doesn &apos;t care about the responsibility of food .
Only to make it green doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it .
There &apos;s a little anxiety in the environment .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a pristine environment to eat a sugar sponge .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we reduce public policy , media calls for more drug use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American mothers , fathers , mothers and fathers can give birth to their babies if we include more .
It &apos;s something I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about quotes .
It &apos;s about how we look at our waters .
As a cooker , I realize that for me , the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize mammals in utero .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People have spent more time eating them and connecting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the things that got less white .
They got more calories because of the food that they ate .
They get healthier . I make more money .
Great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the shape of the human race .
The other thing that we did was we started multiplying various types of displays — small languages of Shakespeare , of anarchy , of principle , of solidarity .
Sharmeen , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common species of salmon .
We &apos;re directing the balloons towards more density , towards more disruptive , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can rebuild our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big indicators , those patterns , the tuna that I was talking about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start a big fish with 450 pounds .
Take the fish . Take the fish four .
Put them in four dimensions .
Put those four pennies in your pocket and then open up the best bar in Bourgeoisie , the nine chambers and the tone .
Let &apos;s eat this .
Have your friends and neighbors and twice a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making toasts , and eating food is part of human interest .
My dad was a great cook .
And I was taught very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included a white pill , and they were discussed with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oshalia , usually with a brown pill .
Until today , I tend to eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a gas station .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s unbelievable .
But the most terrifying thing that you &apos;ll hear about the ocean and that you &apos;ve heard about the ocean is , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the biggest time that your mother was right .
Three articles .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For obesity , I &apos;m looking for usable components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and quiet and fascinating things that I don &apos;t think I can miss .
For my family , I seek components that come from within my own story .
And for the community , we start from the very beginning .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the need for resources , it &apos;s also the globalized world that we call the process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to divide the rest , we &apos;re going to disintegrate , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of AIDS .
Here &apos;s my artist &apos;s name : &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; ( Singing ) He became a marketer .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation of Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Mandela had when Robbie was arrested .
Here I am with Dr. Dorsey , one of the most fascinating moments of my life .
The next day , all of the artists were invited by Robbie to come together in Mandela , where he was going to spend some time in front of the world &apos;s matrix , standing in front of his former prison campaign .
And you can see the window here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madhna revealed worldwide that there is a real confusion in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this research institution , and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children per day .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that this AIDS epidemic had a direct effect on women .
So I went back to South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went into every form of 464 organization that I could be present to , and I looked at the monolithies , the interviews , the most commonly used as a musician , to address all of my conditions , and to address all of Malé &apos;s suffering , for his initial work .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is adding Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in her country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV transmission ?
I think if I go out and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;re just going to drop .
I was very , very lucky two years later to meet Asma , who is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , the foundation of an unbelievable part of the court and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 apps .
He was wearing this kind of sweatshirt that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this matrix is kind of like a mess of mess , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t have to be dependent . I went to the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this stupid organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live in the wild .
They have education programs .
They are answering questions associated with conflict .
The act of conducting is really rather crude .
And yes , my Song campaign is supporting Treatment Action Campaign , which I try to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I was able to get went to the Treatment Action Campaign and donated it to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing , and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my Singer campaign .
In the Sing campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the past two and a half years , and I &apos;ve traveled around 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oslo , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Hong Kong , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to play primarily with a white , middle African audience , who ended up being executed , because I &apos;m using my film that really captures the heart of this incredible variability and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , and people are inclined to learn because they &apos;re passionate and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Aaron Moscow , who is now the head of health , was also presented to this choir , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly able to make change in that area that is so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I went to Scotland to be a victim of the war against HIV .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to increase the levels of HIV .
Here &apos;s a woman in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Singapore children I &apos;m just holding .
And just like these kids , there are many babies who are already HIV positive because their parents are infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , the great fortune was Michelle invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the fight against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to amplify my logic .
The idea that UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from my mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved by the support of political factors .
It &apos;s possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both bumping , because we &apos;re very confident , because we recognize that this young woman is being treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can care about the child who is going to bring about the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitter from the mother , which means that baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of a virus at the beginning of life .
This is the way we should be approaching the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to close by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell all of them his story because he is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Achilles &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Ella was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she had already seen SARS diagnoses , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in East Capitol , and we got a full-time job with her , a wonderful baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They built a special meal for a girl who was following and taking care of her .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was leaving the hospital — because we filmed his story — whether he would win this .
So clearly , it was a very emotional event that gave us an inner memory of this child , you know , you know his story .
Five months later , we went to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They have fallen because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This view of disability is actually for doctors and nurses in the hospital who have been charged for Alicia .
Suppose you have this dynamic change .
So I want to leave each and every one of you here today , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get nutritional and effective health care , and you believe in the Development Goals of the United States of America — particularly in the fifth and fifth quarters , which all governments in the world need of independence — particularly in Africa , can you please help ?
I think I would be right if I said that nearly all of the people in the room are standing there .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good luck . Compassion is a wonderful mark to move forward from reality , and it enables you to do what science is going to do at the beginning of the creation .
As a cyber boy , I assemble the age of anger and science in order for you to experience the use of future technologies .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re building the street and the world you &apos;re seeing is increasing information — information , attention , structures , maybe one day even the names of the street .
This is my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
When you look through the roof , you see the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it , we know .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it into cities , into the middle one , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The vest is ready . The vest is ready .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s filled with four different indicators of love , green , yellow and pink .
Places are among the top managers who are interviewed in many ways .
Now , some people think four numbers represent four meanings a year .
Here we have hair , shade , silver , and — Voice : My favorite feature is noise . MT : Yeah , yeah .
Death is a magic spell . It &apos;s a contaminant , when heat turns into glamour , water is dead , and then everything disappears .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Each one of these players represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : So here &apos;s the information , there &apos;s the process , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful actors of compassion .
There are two colors inside the toy .
Here &apos;s the skin and the sun shining at night and the thermostat shift .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that surprised me is that the toy has 52 cards , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Beep ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t get real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday certificate , and from that day on , I &apos;ve been traveling all over the world , bringing growth to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers , and even to boys and girls . ( Applause ) All right . Who are these ? MM : Yes , they are growing
Wake up .
Jocus : Hey , MT . Are you ready for that ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jokie . I &apos;m going to put on my watch .
MT : Be careful . Jockey . Oh , wow , wow . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing to another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : The recorded toy is invented . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we make it grow ? How should it work ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people will say it &apos;s a bit extreme . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not so intense , although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , which is how you divide your cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yeah , but I think my players are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy , which is a toy .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not vital , it &apos;s not . Voice : The card is open .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30 year job .
This is part of the everyday desktop for making light .
I &apos;ve never been that tall .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was a good at school . My expectations were big , and I had the pleasure of meeting a student of birth and youth and street corners .
As a kid , I was really struggling , unsafe and totally frightened , from the people I was fearing , from the future , from the failure and the judgment that I was feeling inside me .
I was walking out of the closet at the end of the semester , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandfather in the same way that I had previously done when I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and purity of the visibility .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t , it was different , and even after a while , oddly enough and exhilarating , although I noticed that the sound was changing and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for example , if I was exposed and had to hide what I used to do by hiding my emotions , then the sound washed away .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was at a college student who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with a mentor who was very late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , doctor , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
From the beginning of the hospital , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was exposed to a tremendous amount of hopelessness and rejection of myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful than it is to perceive it .
At that time , this represented , in fact , the acceptance of my own personal narrative — a kind of a spiritual political war , and this inspired many of the sounds that were coming into focus and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , confusion , uncertainty and uncertainty began , and it was a struggle where I felt empowered and unable to achieve peace and skill in some way .
Two years later , the test was negative .
Until now , I had a whole practice repertoire : terrible sounds , unheard videos , odd and common objects .
Now , looking back at those years of frustration and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at that time , until someone else had saved it .
A cutting-edge man began that journey , but that man who had arrived had been saved and ended up becoming the privilege of being a victim .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used .
I know Eleanor would win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts her in the bathroom , but the summer is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the good and ugly people who fought me and me , and those who expected me to come back from that battle , except for the place .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning because the sounds were so intimate and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning that I had once described as a literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing at home I learned to reject as my own idea of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sound consumption that I thought was real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Then do one .
Do you know I have plastic ice cream ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By embracing this , I was recently collecting my rescued self , the sound of every unit expressed , statistically speaking out of every medicine , recurring mental health , just this time from a different perspective .
Now , I &apos;m very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the sounds of the people listening to me , a company that had received his idea from Professor Maris Rome and Dr. Shannon Eschers , who perceived the vision of listening to sounds as a survival strategy , in the case of normal reaction , not beyond the masterpiece of philosophy ,
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of evolving .
In short , social change happens if it &apos;s bad , then it &apos;s negative .
I can &apos;t stand a proud person .
I can &apos;t press the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to Voices has created the web in 26 countries in five continents , and together , integrating value , unification and rights into the development of mental illnesses in order to create new languages and hope that unequivocally includes individuals .
As Peter Levin said , the animal is an animal that has to do with the basic ability of treatment and the cognitive power of this animal .
In this way , there is no greater privilege for the public to enable the treatment of the patient to see , to engage with aid , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for healthcare .
We are a species . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be a culture , a change or a distance .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician told me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry , or what else have told you .
You &apos;re going to wake up to you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with the curiosity of my early painting , but it was a little bit different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more profound .
When you take a picture with a pencil , the process ends when you put the pencil on .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam .
But there is an unexpected circle .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both stones and colors , but they all have a common goal to preserve a piece of reality .
When I say reality , I mean reality .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw these pictures , but I always want them to look like they might look like they might be able to take a picture of them .
The pictures for which to think a little bit are needed to discover the possibility .
And this has come up with more ideas than just a moment .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the best ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just a remote photo .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we visualize the world and how we can call it reality at the same time .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that looks like a diameter , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process with photography .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
The photographs are more real , I think , than the ones we don &apos;t even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when images are combined , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get us to where we are .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the pictures that make up have the same vibrations .
Second , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made from the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s possible not to differentiate where things start and end up becoming individuals without division .
You have to discover any idea about how to make pictures .
By applying colors , concentration and light between the boundaries of different photographs , by adding photographs , such as depth , by mixing colors and increasing digital grid , we are bringing the differences between different photographs and becoming one single image , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only the bottom part .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the different pictures taken from places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to ideas about outcomes .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea stuck , I knew that I had a few months to prepare , that I would find all sorts of places to get into this picture .
For example , this fish was caught during fish .
The monkeys are taken from somewhere else .
Part of Jay &apos;s portion was painted in the womb .
And one of the things that I do is I dress up the house a little bit of red to make it look more urban .
Really , it &apos;s about planning .
I &apos;m always beginning with sexism , ideas .
And then I start composing different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
That &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Galileo , good luck .
It turns out that Vikelixes , your little daughter , in the last few years , have been publishing more classified documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Asperger : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so bad that a small group of activists can share more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined ?
CA : How does it work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we might say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to go through different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any puzzle , then we probably ignore it .
( Voice-over ) Go ahead .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol &apos;s friend .
This was a secret investigation event , followed by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
Just in 2004 , Kenya was headed by Daniel Bauhaus for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came to power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from corruption , they took this call , they spent about two million pounds on a companion that was driving .
And then the government posted it , and as a political solution , Mo Who was the wealthiest man , and is now the wealthiest guy in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic paper .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we presented that conversation , we celebrated it three days after the new president , Kepler , decided to remind the man that he had come out — Daniel Raab Moi — and this fellow passed the president of Kiribati .
GA : And to cut a long story short , Kenya &apos;s talk was not about legislation , it was about illiteracy , it was about illiteracy , and you think it really wasn &apos;t about elections .
JA : There you go . And this is the headlines of Ghanaian , and then it was published in every country in Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , two days later , became the case that the Mandela of Kenya was speaking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , where the vote was 10 percent based on a genetic research team , and it changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world dramatically ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
It &apos;s longer . But here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a strong newspaper , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I see your object , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop .
Man is free . All right . Open .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Get lost .
Well , shuffle cards .
( Gunshot ) Thank you . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
Hurricane — dotcom fever , dotcom fever .
We need to move now .
Well , we also embraced peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two hundred , this is the Twin Tower , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , come on . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kleiber . Come on , come on . I pack them .
CA : What did that have an effect ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Baghdad to study a more detailed story .
This is just the first time that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Roters .
JA : There you go . Two Roters &apos; work , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And that turned out to be a really exciting thing .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see guys walking upright in the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter cantilevered object in the air , killing all kinds of jewelry to do it , killing people in the air .
And there were two reporters there that weren &apos;t simple because it was their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s been aware of this , and it seems like he &apos;s been aware of this video , as well as 280,000 classified laptops of the United States .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we argued that we got these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago to produce 150,000 telephones and cover 50 .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you got a Ph.D. from the U.S. , there are thousands of DVDs .
JA : We were going to give them a ride . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Huh . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art is , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little more broadly about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the census of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well , the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic time hiding information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information is produced , there is a hope that it will do a good thing , because the companies that know the best are the best are aware of it , they spend jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a duty of care for individuals or authorities , for the vast majority of society , that a duty can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our materials , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
So we have policies of understanding .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also mysteries of love — you know , your data from your physician — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that make the foundations good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve done something that somebody has specialized to save .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presence , it leaves millions of people around the world — that the U.S. military are human beings .
Actually , it isn &apos;t . My son isn &apos;t . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to illuminate what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret in the fact that you have to make yourself a secret around your source ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , it will be a difficult situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to maintain our privacy , not to destroy it .
CA : I would actually just like , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in recognizing the thought of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julius .
You know , hero , the hero of the staff who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : Just a quick overview , Julian , a quick overview .
You have to try a little bit more . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s one thing you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED , do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a daily note , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a number of battles have happened in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that , in fact , employees of security services from some of the interest , many of the interest companies actually went out and hacked them .
And that some of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleague up there had nothing written on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit perplexed , thinking maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it sounds right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what &apos;s the story ?
Can you show that you had legal rights over that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the author &apos;s name was written at the Metropolitan Warden .
Here we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of the techniques that we &apos;ve been working on to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . How much information did you get from BP ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and excitement .
And that &apos;s why the majority of our editorials , over the past couple of months , have become very low , because we are reclaiming systems because of the extraordinary social interest that we have .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our own growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a lot of very high discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go out and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly of the media and the media business ?
JA : All right . Now , reliable people .
That is , we are a society which is difficult to grow very rapidly , because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and therefore we have to reconfigure people that are going to engage with the highest security of the nation , and then with lower insecurity .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you went to 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were making films , and then they were throwing away the washing machine , so the two ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I stumbled across it .
It also has to be sensitive to other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by rice math to match your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So it &apos;s not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re doing the bank account of one grandmother , but what about your core values ?
Can you introduce us to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps us define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure of the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t create guns ; they &apos;re providing them with guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different perspective , from the older people who have lived in my life .
CA : So people of the age don &apos;t want to create waste ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and it &apos;s not my thing to eat , but there &apos;s another way to eat chickens , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : In the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
You actually put something in there , you had trouble with a bank , and then you had local media service saying the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , that was the biggest thing .
The banking sector had a decade ahead of its economy in GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re in Hollywood last year .
And National television was ready to prevent it five minutes before it was released . How in the movie , the reading appeared on the news table , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site at all times as a canvas , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Italy and talked about it .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political leaders and other international legal persons , we formed a new policy set for Iceland to make the Office for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , that there will be more secrets , or will we observe the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge shift in the balance between the legislation and the transparency legislation , between the United States and China and the United States .
Where does it go ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because there &apos;s only a little bit of effort we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;m speaking to the audience , saying , Julian , be tough and strong with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my chief , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting enterprises and stories , nine of the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal impulse is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not a failure , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artwork .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you some interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these pieces here .
This is the waterfront of the Office , the timeline of Modern Art , the Renaissance , Royce and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite metropolitan area in New York City .
There are two bars to stay with me : very cold .
Put that in there , and then you &apos;re done .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico . It doesn &apos;t matter .
You can touch it , you can touch it .
Do you want a circular ?
Open the hardware and bring it in .
You type in , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take pictures .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best part .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most favorite pictures , Peter Bridget Bridges , Matty .
You see the sign of this money .
If the diner gave us that picture , you could screw it up .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved with with cognitive technology in our prison .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missiles .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awesome .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the picture and I noticed that these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I spoke to a couple of colleagues at MIT , and I found out that this is a game called &quot; &quot; chocolate , &quot; &quot; where kids drink coffee cups on Thursday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the bones .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) It &apos;s still running , you &apos;ll see in a second .
Well , let &apos;s go back to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite pieces is the night from God , the example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you wanted to see the windshields ?
If you want to see how van Gogh actually created this hat .
You put pictures in , like you put in a picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think this picture hasn &apos;t been seen before .
Now on the other side of me , I love to show you the opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each one of you , no one , no matter whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own online network , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Growth &quot; &quot; — you can change the scale of the image .
This is Hippocrates from the National Guard .
You can make records and send back to your friends and conversations about what you feel when you look at these pictures .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the bathroom .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing images .
It was my common experience .
My hope is that in this digital world , we are briefly present artists to the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reinvent the walls ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It simply encourages you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , telling stories , writing fictions , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and also some of the supernatural creatures that are called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . You &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Stockholm , a French family .
A while later , my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by various families where the parents were running the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a global , timeline , marginalized woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my view , but with much more spiritual values , much less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who had been blindly shaking in the grave and gaining graceful images from an abusive mother , without eyes .
A lot of people came to visit my grandmother with heavy socks , people or helmets , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would read a word in Arabic , she would pick up a red pen and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to leave the marrow .
And then he put one more of those marks into the starfish .
A week later , the patient came in .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is , all the people who face my grandmother with skin issues , I haven &apos;t seen the struggle to come .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of the toilet ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the concept helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from the many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very thorny teacher , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s prosthetics , whether it &apos;s prosthetics , whether it &apos;s human spirit , then you have to surround it
And there &apos;s four of them .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some kind of freedom and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the worlds we face , then we could end up with a threat to eliminate ourselves from the inside .
Our generation would be shrinking . Our hearts would be shrinking . Our humanity would be shrinking if we stayed steady for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , then we would be surrounded by our phenomena .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is , they cut off the elephants with a piece of dough , or they cut off the wall in a way that makes them disappear .
It &apos;s an old Western tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy in the long run .
Through the generation of academics , the homes of people living in communities are at greatest risk in the modern globalized world .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere , in liberals and conservatives and genocides and beliefs , in wealth and poverty , in the East and Europe .
We intend to build galaxies that are based on the appearance , and then reveal the proportions of people in different planets .
I think the only way to win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
Promisons can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the insights into our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic jam ?
When I look back , I think he was theoretically concerned about my mental statement .
I was telling stories of the house , which was probably a good thing , but I was telling my educational friends , which was really bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , talking to colorful mates and asking for forces when I was negotiating them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I wrote down my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering a terrible thing in my life , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to my personality was more self-organizing than translating the journey into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to clap a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Go back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , nutrient , middle school relationship where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful , Madiadidean international school where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept called &quot; &quot; the Country Show . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not touch the Colosseum , the equivalent of citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individuals but as representative of a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit of a U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exclusive moments that happened with people &apos;s trust .
This kid or this kid would often become an object for an infinite amount of money and a mate would get into it .
And I knew it very well because at that time , when I was feeling committed to that school , there was a war crime going on in my country , and there was very little left to the murders of Rome Pepsi and the Turkish military in my country .
( Laughter ) That day , I would often leave classes and dream of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the culture .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen in the night called Shakespeare , and they were interested in how many symmetries I had every day because they thought all the vessels were poor , and they were surprised that from the beginning of age , I had to shake my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three aspects of my country : politics , civics and headquarters .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my existence was the only thing I could share with me .
The stories kept me focused , the continuity and the success , and these were the three things that I always felt needed .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , which is a town I &apos;m holding .
I lived in many , many animals , many environments , where I wrote some of my papers .
I was at Stanford when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene like this that came to my place .
We had a local priest , a young man , an elderly man who never sells a shoe , never spoke to the public domestic .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been diving for a long and long time , and the Soviets were diving underneath him .
I saw this man opening his window on the cigarette board and dragging him around , and this picture of the Great Firewall is still in my mind , the conservative grandeur and the French lying on the table .
Death and destruction add up to our national differences , and we all become united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but if we read well , we leave our little , wealthy nurseries , and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night , and we start to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we have intentionally been to .
So a little bit later , I started charging women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more than global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an embodiment , not an embodiment , not a purpose , but a question I ask myself : Why do I do that ? In language , I get an opportunity to repair myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and sentimental to me , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and moral to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living all the time and all the time .
Because , as a beginner , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out that we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of meeting between mind and speech .
And that meeting is very scary .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I found in Boston : extinction is very expensive .
At that time , my grandmother , who had been following me through life , began to incorporate me into beliefs that I would marry , so that I would go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Stamble , I &apos;ve begun to transform life in Arizona and in Stamble . These two places in the world are very different .
I think half of me have always been a chef — physically or a spirit .
The narratives always reference me , keeping all of my pieces and memories together , acting like an existential salmon .
As many stories as I know , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they &apos;re losing their magic , whether they &apos;re losing their magic , or when the story is viewed more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting viewpoint by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the state of the art was in Boston College , it was common to me that the English characters had to be more than the Army , but I realized what was looking for .
And I also realized that I would continue to hate him .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a woman , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread , read and return .
A lot of boys feel this pressure , but the non-Army boys feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to tell hard stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages , messages and typical stories , and surround yourself with expertise and perpetual colleagues at MIT .
What I felt when I was a kid at MIT is now in the literal world .
They don &apos;t view Christians as independent creative individuals , they view themselves as representatives of their culture , some examples from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
All of us are expected to have something special if we &apos;re not normal .
An employer named James Baldwin in 1984 asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist attempted to emphasize the fact that he was a gay writer , Bloody went to see him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? There &apos;s nothing in me that is different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of childhood attempts to attack us , our liberty is risky .
There &apos;s a certain category called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside of the universe are joined together .
I never forget my first multicultural reading 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three boys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as infidels , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art form or in the same form .
We were combined with our characters .
Many cultural authors expect them to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The horizon is functioning .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the characters who are lost to become great representatives .
But I should add that the idea of seeing more of the story is not just Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped in front of the courtroom to give feedback to my favorite speakers .
They expected me to write about structural , multicultural , households — being seen by women .
My story also mattered when I was asked .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for post-traumatic stress .
Sometimes there was a desire to bring two sides to the table to remind me that it was just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to simplify my work .
I want to love and raise the reaction for the substance of it , not for what it will get .
Governments are legal to express their political views , and there are good political views for that , but the language of reaction is not the language of everyday politics .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last time that a woman &apos;s responsibility is given . &quot; &quot; The politics of authenticity separates us . The story is uniquely .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity is kind of built up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Ottoman Empire , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They would go to the hearts and the stories to the individuals , and they would tell the stories very often by sharing those stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sulfur , dead people , not dead people .
The narratives were disconnected from borders , like the hunter-gatherer chips in the Netherlands , which were very spread across the Middle East , in North Africa , in Balkans and in Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian reader is still reading Hebrew books , and vice versa , combined and reading the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books saved the introverted , embarrassing girl I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was to look at Romeo &apos;s books in the water and see how the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural titans is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us is distant and united .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side .
The leg of the sidewalk is permanent ; it &apos;s buried in a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction as well .
Some are surrounded by everywhere mysteries , and the other part is traveling around the world , connecting with other cultures .
So I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and elsewhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen a drop of popcorn , which has been the submarine of Osama bin in over 400 years .
There &apos;s a place , a little bit by the way , called Jenny &apos;s appointment .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We view them as evidence of supernatural creatures , like water that &apos;s kind of like a forest and a forest .
But more of these teenagers need writers and writers .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disruption and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen 10 pages later .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying of media , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Opossum Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I live . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; What ? &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know .
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to go .
Theoretical literacy doesn &apos;t matter who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural patterns and study other people .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who confront their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to close with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s simplify every life , whether we love and love , no one else . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together trying to solve the problem of Alzheimer &apos;s .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
Increasingly , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like play .
Until the game was over , we had the gold of the nest .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the judge decided that he should play the last game .
We want to visualize the gains , and then we want to give people the gains to get the tools .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a positive attitude , we have a positive attitude towards increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge expansion , resilience , globalization and opportunity .
My big idea , which actually is a very small idea , is to channel the road for the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sound .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my firsthand experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my elbow , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to wine .
And in that process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that more effective , more motivated and happier lives are needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the top .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , men &apos;s resistance has become a natural defense .
I was having lunch with a young boy who was charged with being only four hours old last night .
What else I said — I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep for five hours , this meat might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of equation to show your own improvement .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the previous one and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;ll probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is clear , but nowhere , I &apos;m going to get a race to play , I &apos;m going to make two coffeehouses and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and efficient ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the message of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And our Titanic is so rich .
I feel like Leymah brothers and sisters could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this , because she would have been reading for about 7.5 or eight hours , and you would have seen the whole picture .
Now we &apos;ve come across multiple journeys all over the world , one that is helpful to our individual , one that is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers , and one that is helpful to the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential relations .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting to have used the same technique over and over again .
Today , I use this material to create a site , a scaffolding , glass building that &apos;s equivalent to shapes in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;d never learned about crime or engineering or engineering .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I got seven art school and got a tutor .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got the chance to visit India with the Fulbright program .
To create a canvascular treatment , I built the inside , and I hired myself a marathon .
The day of the construction was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The Japanese village was famous for crime .
So I tried to make a Brazilian mold .
But making a big job was difficult and difficult .
And I got out to the corner , and I started to see fish intersecting and drawing a lot .
Every day I &apos;d seen it , but this time I &apos;d seen it a different way of creating a new way of creating a canvas , a way of generating enormous amounts of material .
The first thing that really excited me about these fishermen was my introduction .
It &apos;s a self-portrait called &quot; &quot; Loud Behind . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We put the web up on top of the cliffs .
What I found is that desiccation-tolerant structures are occurring each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lebanon , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to make more of them , to transform the scale of the object that you see into something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the fishermen working there , and we built a handheld network — a million and a half links — in a short period of time , looking at the demonstration in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel Salae Marsales , who renewed the fragmentation of Porto , Porto , Porto .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by conserving my art .
It was sustainable , it was engineered , it was considered , and those properties were in the mix with a very specific kind of material .
I spent two years looking for a detail that would recognize the irregular rainfall patterns in the sun , the pollution of the air and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain as sweet as smog .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we drilled 20 tons of steel .
We had to deal with it in a computational way , so that the staircase moves from a test tube to a test tube .
But there was no software that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant architect in Asia who &apos;s designed projects for the American Portrait Government . His name is Peter Hopper .
He helped me solve two big problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the hand axes didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a fish farmer , I met them in the battlefield , and I discovered how worthy it was .
There was no programming language that reversed engineering by that traditional art of manufacturing by machines .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , the bed network was 15 square feet tall .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that transformation , nothing had been lost .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and unexpected spectrum .
Now it was a perceptual place .
This is the first time in the room .
As I was watching your game , I was struggling to be underneath the ocean and at the same time to be connected to the Earth .
My life would not be the same .
I want to create these islands in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to focus on two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that for a desktop to form it , the desktop has to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get some extra water particles in the water that were boiled up , and we found in the process that people could also interact with this material and go through without getting wet .
This is a classical material that I &apos;m using to illustrate the understanding of metropolitan arteries , at the moment of the process , as if the retinas of the urban system were a retention of the urn .
The next challenge we had in Denver was the Library of North and South America , and they asked me if I could imagine the connection between 35 West Side and 35 countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
We heard about the earthquake and tsunami in Chile in recent years , which was the whole Pacific Ocean .
It moved the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerated the motion of the planet and literally splitting the gravitational pull of the Earth .
I hooked up with NOAA , and I asked them to give me some data about the syndrome , and I converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s about the size of a microseconds that the Earth had hit day .
I couldn &apos;t build it on a stained glass , as I knew it .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mystery with a cloth , sometimes a cloth , 15 times a cloth .
The classroom would now be fully stretched and thoroughly embedded so that buildings could become part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and would be modeled by gravity .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to sustain Tom Skerry or Halloween .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build classrooms that reach the top of the Earth .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and usable forms .
Now , I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering projects to create materials , clothes , shapes that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d gone out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to the back of the room .
These people in the Pantanic Court have now been wrapped up by their strangers , looking at creation , shaping images , and analyzing miracles together .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of them are completely separated .
Hello . Thank you . It was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , speaks at the same time with all of our senses , then it goes into this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the present self and the brain and how it can sense and hear .
I &apos;m an energy bound with all the energy around me , with my right brain .
And right now we are perfect , we are complete and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is a different one .
Our left-hand column is thoughtful and modular .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more fluid in my body . Imagine that .
