By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die someday .
And while this is an idea stuck in some place , I think it has some pretty profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And this is what made me think about this : this was the dawn of a blog by Dr. Miller at the beginning of this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and his friends that they were writing like this , and that &apos;s exactly what he died after .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this text message that I wrote , and this activated website became a content . &quot; &quot; Because Millel was a reporter , his mind was probably well written and more carefully designed , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been created by the imagination .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Nowadays , YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video every minute .
200 million numbers every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they do is they make some pictures and some family videos , or an agenda that has something to offer .
And we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital device that will permanently stay in the womb , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
Just to make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s like to be present and future .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I found myself quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , at a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
MA : Yeah ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you all over the place , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
MA : Assemble ifie.net until much later .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
This service allows you to basically create a communication or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places that you can explore online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be stored after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
By being able to understand the human language and build huge amounts of data continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of simplicity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs that we create in so many ways .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to communicate with the real world beyond our death due to the full integrity that we &apos;re creating , and thanks to technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , all you write to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thriving .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , and the improvement of our technology skills .
Moving forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate like humans .
But what if these robots can communicate based on the characteristics of a single human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being generates in his lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous campaign that was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when CNN held a bunch of smugglers to watch their videos with André Coup interview .
What if we could use this technology to recover the presence of our loved ones in our own living rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
And I think this is absolutely possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunity of technology to understand them are rapidly spreading .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything about it ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the domain of cosmic technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Let &apos;s wait for a minute to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave it open . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Let &apos;s remember what brought it to him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening in our day .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something global — something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , five-and-a-half inches thick , and this is the first virus on the computer .
When we continue to close the encoding , the spinal cord goes down here , and it &apos;s written here by 0600KO78RUS , the encoder in the bottom part of the encoder .
As a subject . It &apos;s not used in any way .
Search by trying to understand meaning .
Suddenly , I started Googling .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if it &apos;s done with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Santa March .
Citywide , you can find this in certain mobile phones , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Stanford .
And after four studies , we finally found this website . This guy , this guy , worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog , he &apos;s writing his life .
He &apos;s about 20 years old in his life , his friend , and he &apos;s got a very beautiful car .
This guy is actually moving .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 musicians . This is a family car for 20 kids in Santa Barbara .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been arrested .
At the center of Santa Barr .
He &apos;d drive a different car . And he &apos;d plug in his blog .
( Video ) Narrator : Here &apos;s her Majesty the L.A. Square . You can see the Prime Minister of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What would happen if crime calmed down ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t go so well before ?
The vast majority of babies .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
Very often it &apos;s raw . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I &apos;d like to make it easier .
But unfortunately it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable treatment controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
The PLC , the little boxes , don &apos;t have an eclipse .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually running one of these . And if Stuxnet is running one of these .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a crucial infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in debt .
From the Internet , from the ground up , electricity is clearly running on computers . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
( Laughter ) Development assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , and it &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about cooking , think about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s in your head .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I have a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I can see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is consumption .
Let me tell you about this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything . We need to do it all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need a broader , international one .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of trying to find these cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of pieces . It &apos;s more important than protocol .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering people who are out there , and more importantly , we need to find people who are on the way to becoming cybercriminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So I want to start by showing you that it only takes two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;d like to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all intrigued by the language of the body .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that happen during the intersection , the silent jokes , the global states , or the non-linear eye , all the way down to the simple handshake .
Once . Here they are approaching the barbershop .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And that is , when we think about non-verbal values or movement style , which is what sociologists call non-verbal values , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about empowerment .
There are many reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs about the values .
And they can be statistically significant in the most important scenes of life , whether you &apos;re taking a job , or you &apos;re taking a step back , or you &apos;re taking a time .
For instance , a Nobel Prize researcher at Tufts University found that when people watch a doctor at 30 seconds of their true interest in a single doctor and a patient , their doctor &apos;s favorite will be distorted by their condition , namely no .
So you have to use them intelligently , right ?
Our thoughts , feelings and organs all over the place .
So what kind of a non-zero-sum relationship do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business-school , and it was inevitable that I should start to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the unfinished subjects of power and generosity .
You think , what are the unfinished means of power and generosity ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a form of physically great imagination .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more space .
Jessica Theresa has studied this observation , which is known as pride and accomplishment .
He hands us , he tells us , he tells us , he tells us , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our leadership stands strong and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others act as though they &apos;re inside , as soon as the audience goes in , you see that .
I have some notions for that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re always affordable for men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because the value is very limited by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
And so I started thinking , for example , university adopts these people who participate in classrooms .
There are guesses to guess , yes .
For instance , we pray when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pray , the printer gets thrown out with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is this : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s perception , but can it change the behavior of our body ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from strengths and strokes ?
It &apos;s not surprising that people who are affected are usually more confident , more confident , more optimistic .
They really think they &apos;re going to go out , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often at risk .
But actually it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts with stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in fact , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , indelible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You shut it down , you shut it down .
I was shaking the piano .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes , and it &apos;s doing this .
And this is what happened to cortisol .
It turns out that our body language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our body affects our consciousness .
This is how we think you can use when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of a face that &apos;s worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers can &apos;t do it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or experiment conditions .
The feelings of adolescents were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this is all about the decision of the victim .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And they said yes .
You don &apos;t want to be a lobbyist , you don &apos;t want to be a rebel .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I &apos;d gotten out of the car a few times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do it . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old at college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about it before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small barriers can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your mind .
Raise your levels of testosterone , squeeze the cortex .
Let me give you a perspective that you think your capacities haven &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrible Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about , what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people learn .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem solving first ?
And I want to give you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what do we spend it on ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;ll quickly read them : climate change , prevention disease , conflict , education , finance irrigation , government and corruption , migration , population integration , sensing conditions and water , and suburban and external organs .
We think that text is the world &apos;s most challenging problem .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Doaa .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have a central problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving the overall problem , it &apos;s about solving the overall problem .
And then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citizen .
Disruptive diseases need to be solved through networks of hospitals and pathogens .
Companies with the power of the U.N. , etc .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds , and I know this is a kind of implausible personality — write what you think about the major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you also talk to your neighbors , and just notice that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and there are fewer benefits .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — it &apos;s 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s really what we &apos;ve done .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure that we will have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define transitions ?
Of course , you have to ask yourselves , why hasn &apos;t that kind of show been collected ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years that we have the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things that we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of generosity , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make progress in a two-dimensional way , but it &apos;s certainly difficult to make it better than if we actually did in the decision of authority and follow it and talk about it .
So I propose that we actually say for a long time that we &apos;ve had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you one big room , but you don &apos;t know about the chicken .
For instance , you would ask the question , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family issue . It can be a very small issue , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s what Copacabana &apos;s been trying to do , trying to determine the gender of these problems .
And this is what Copacabana &apos;s basic work looked like .
We gathered together 30 of the best economists in the world , three spirits in each field .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Same with infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in March 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University mightively decided to call them Rel Machine of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And what they did was , essentially , a symbol of the culture .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you will ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to fight the first two , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it online , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came across a show where there are bad projects , meaning projects where a dollar investment makes more money .
There are average , good and very good projects .
And of course , that &apos;s where we need to start from doing good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very bottom .
A lot of people would disappoint this , and probably this is one of the cases where people would say , I can &apos;t go back to heart later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about it , because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreement with the exhibitions that you have .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do on this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citizen Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will only last 2100 years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands before the threat of 2100 can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we &apos;ve spent a tremendous amount of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean drinking water , with sanitary pad conditions , with primary health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves if we want to spend twice as much money and do a lot of nothing positive .
Or with that money , doing incredibly good things .
And this is why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — you know , I &apos;m not going to counter all of them — infectious diseases , healthcare , basic health services — are involved in a slightly higher area , just because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this brings us to that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four generations that are going to be addressing the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria a year .
Clean can even make up percentage points in the U.N.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent over 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that they need to solve , and of course , in the temporary sphere , and also the global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
A common model , if we can get rid of the freestyle and specifically reduce the sovereignty in the United States and the United States , we can make the world &apos;s economy a little bit more like 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half of the world &apos;s GDP .
Again , we can say that we can actually get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , over two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very important tools to solve the food problem , especially with the micro-molecules .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffering from nitrogen , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem very quickly .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best project will be the solution to AIDS / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , the second is treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be wondering where to put the first one .
And treatment is far too expensive than preventing .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in aging projects .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with the X number , treating and treating 10 times better than that .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus more on prevention as well as treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at your farms and say , are you ready to build it ?
Or have you come up with the wish that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this issue needs a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just to make it a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
Those kinds of problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is a very good shape .
People forget that 100 years later , when we talk about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most ethical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we talk about saving people or helping the population of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangalore right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re not supposed to be , say , a rich Chinese , or a white , or a Congolese , 2100 people , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd it is that they &apos;re so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;re not really concerned about my great-great-great-@@
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , mainly because climate change is so well understood .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after the Wednesday . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I certainly want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to pick Brad Pitt for his next movie in Tanzania to attempt a snake or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and all of the explanations of farming are addressing the very issues .
So we can understand that this is not about feeling good .
And not just to make the gains that are at the center of the media , but to create the foundation for doing better things .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere .
Of course we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that today we should spend twice as much on developing countries as it did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re on a road to all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you can tell Bach about this , it &apos;s going to be very good .
But the basic idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend that best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick overview : do we really have the right output ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable outcome , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have delightful fantasies about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the boundaries , and they did so , and they offered their own shows .
And what was really interesting was that the demonstrations were the same : in the first place , problems of obesity and disease , and climate change were the last .
We did it again and again and again .
There were lots of other semesters , and lots of students came .
They basically met with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I view Copacabana as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political legacy .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the kind of work that gives us great spending , not the kinds of things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define cultures and think about how to help the world best .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , From Freud Allen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , so we picked a road that ranged from nation to nation , in a nutshell , to the length of the road .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that took me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me .
In the first place , the proton is perfectly conforming that appearance .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the grandmother &apos;s space . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about things that look a lot like this : why we sometimes miss the marks around us and how we do it when it happens , and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage : the exposure of interaction .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least pretend to think that we might be wrong .
We understand that statistically very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human form , in general , mistakes , is normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , at the moment , are theoretically wrong suddenly , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present .
We go to meetings today , we buy them at the present time , we buy them at the present time , we vote .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed in a small bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each and every one of us , as an individual , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in our own belief in authority .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Boy : Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrible , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one of the other questions .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where a sharp account always follows , but never gets to a bird .
Now , in almost every part of the movie , there is a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird flies by the side of the mountain , which is normal , because it can fly and can fly .
But the bill runs behind it .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the bill doesn &apos;t have a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that time , she &apos;s walking .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re like that mirror when he &apos;s running through the air but doesn &apos;t look down .
We &apos;re wrong , we &apos;ve got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually point out a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , is that it forces us to stay within our own constitution .
I call it the false burden .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why it forces us to always have the persuasion of rights , and it &apos;s about the culture of our society .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
It &apos;s not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in the school , and you certainly know what you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the focus on achieving success is just too much of a mistake .
We &apos;re learning it very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect computer , professor , entrepreneur .
I always say , well , headache , strategic , moral outrage ?
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are CEOs , strategists and actors of moral outrage .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistaking means something to us is not .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He gets frustrated , the surgeon is doing his job , he &apos;s pouring in paintings and he &apos;s sending the patient to his room to safeguard .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting the wrong side of the vessel ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of it is because the surgeon has surgered his left leg , instead .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The underlying belief that we all often have is that trustworthy participation is not about the events that happen in the real world .
But we do it the opposite , and we reveal the possibility that we can get it wrong , and then we do things like , say , 750 million gallons of clean oil in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully theoretical .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
Now , many of us seem to be explaining that in the same way , by making a series of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone makes a disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s unavailable .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different ideas , we make our second guess , which is , they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the whole picture before them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they potentially make it wrong for their immediate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s so necessary for us to do terrible things together .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it connects with it all the meaning of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are like a retinal circuit , and we &apos;re looking out that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it does , life will be very peaceful .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it exists .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous saying , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Again , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something that we can destroy or sacrifice .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we try to find the answer to that molecule .
I think the pursuit of this molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times the phone call this American Life Sunday .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is actually the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we each and every one of us has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but instead there is something else going on . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our processors , are going to give those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive attacks and temporary consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to make mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but instead there &apos;s something else going on .
George Burke thought he was going to hire Iraq , he was going to find a devastating devastation , he was going to unleash people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt was going to be in his entire life , until he or she becomes very old or diseased and transmitted the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you would grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and you would have kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing a very disturbing book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is startling us .
Excuse me , this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovations , actions and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED back in 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
There &apos;s another conference .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the treatment of magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of your own authority , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , the complexity and the complexity , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Mary Cain , the Chief of the Royal Society of Liberia .
Zero initially agreed to kill immediately , but at the same time , spending time on small trucks , he and other people started planning on dozens of sites in New York City including drones , synagogues and the U.N.
Fortunately , those plans were sprayed by an IFF official .
Sadly , in 1993 , the World East Coast bombsight didn &apos;t stop .
Natasha , in the end , was convicted of the intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in Pennsylvania in 1983 with his Egyptian engineers and a fellow American mom and a teacher who were trying to make me a happy childhood .
It began when I was seven years old , our family dynamically began to change .
My father introduced me to Islam , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
However , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to make others live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained that on the first day of Sunday , he and his friends were going to London for a specific purpose .
He told me the other morning I was going to go with them .
We &apos;ve reached a point in Calcutta that has no knowledge whatsoever controlled by GDP .
When my hero gave birth to me , my father helped me keep the invitation to my mother and explained how to go to the bathroom for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last postcard I ever wore hated flipped a little light on the top of the dock , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , died .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed very well in that review , but only a few years later I realized exactly what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , finally , was convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of pedestrian traffic to the World Trade Center subway station that killed six men and more than 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I would call &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning obedience .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood was not allowed to have many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , gather and move another city .
Being a new face of the classroom , I always became a garbage man .
I was covering myself with my own postcards so that I wouldn &apos;t be a doctor , but apparently , being a brand new kid was more teenager in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
This is why I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by judging people by short-term measures such as human racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
With the Cologne Project , I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in Philadelphia .
My group &apos;s attention to the violence of youth , and spending a lot of my life as a witness to action , is something that I was even more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids that I was with was an epiphany .
It took several days until that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural divide between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and unfortunately , I felt the honor that I was able to win the champagne that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another surrounding paper came back when I found a summer job at Budrus in the party of entertainment .
There , I was confronted by various beliefs and cultures , and that experience became a factor in the development of my nature .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more generally , all values have an effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers in the short run , and soon I found that most of them are the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By bringing a child with a hand , he &apos;s created in me a way of empathizing other people &apos;s thoughts , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people &apos;s thoughts in a different way than I would wish to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the feelings that were taught in my childhood through real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality , had nothing to do with the nature of man .
He was the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Religion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strip is more positive on my world than my own parenting father , which he did not regret .
One day , I spoke to my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of someone who had sufficient depression for a lifetime , and he said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
That &apos;s when I realized how much expensive energy it takes to keep all that growth going .
Zack Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , although I was supposed to be a violent , intransitive idea , but I was not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , the threat of malaria .
I do it for the atheists and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
For the benefit of terror , I &apos;m going to talk about these unmeaningless acts , and I &apos;m going to judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stop here as an example that violence isn &apos;t special to any religion or race , and it doesn &apos;t have to be followed by my father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
The imagination represents what they find .
&quot; &quot; Machine &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they want to .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to provide water to their survival .
This whole notion allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to the restoration of our ecosystem .
It allows us to browse the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative cues .
If success is the ability to recognize and maintain , then restoration is the ability to rebuild and develop .
The overwhelming majority of the developing and dynamic system is empowering our relationship to the ocean as a resource to enable us to engage and encourage its existence .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence is that traditional tools for many of us in the world are very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of crops .
It &apos;s very easy to get a ham , go away from the frame , think again before you get a ham .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough yet to eat green ink .
We can &apos;t make it happen continuously if we measure its success by changing the frequency of the species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we eat only green ink ?
This includes a cardboard disguised Thunnus alcohol , a kind of dangerous one .
A card with a knife and a knife .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the cause , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I call it the 450 embodiment ?
Do I do it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is that we need to have a spectrum , in terms of our actions .
For instance , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen and minerals are very healthy .
Okay . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Well , how many hours later would you tell me I had a problem .
In addition , we have a predictive problem .
We lose the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the algae .
We hide that value by embracing otherworth by accepting ignorance .
And we hide that value under the income of cyberbullying .
So the notion of resurrection is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be stated not by Joe , not by Philippines or by Gordon , but by Goly Girnet .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that color is a new voice .
Well , I would say that broccoli can be a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them all the time .
But we also have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part about surprising letters is that it comes in half a towel , with a bunch of Tobias and potato chips .
It &apos;s added to a 142 lithium pipe filled with Dijon juice and a spine filled with pieces of paper and a quinoa filter with colored broccoli so thick and sweet , a little bit of covered and hidden in it with a Japanese acid cake .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all of these components are accessible to all the families that live in Wormwood .
Jimmy Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from our diet .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical recovery . We need to fear bullshit .
We discarded the Earth and then started using the food that we produced to harm our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a mess , but the reality is that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leading revolution in green food .
But green food always assumes a shell that doesn &apos;t care about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our own backyard .
There &apos;s an environmentally frightening toddler .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground cafe for the untouchable environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health diet is very important in restorative food .
Before we lower emissions , the media preferred to increase its use of quotas .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their babies if we invest more .
It &apos;s a song I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about abortion .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandchildren .
As a quick coward , I realize the easiest thing for me to do is to lower emissions .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People would start to buy tickets and pies because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People have spent more time eating their food and interacting with each other .
In short , people get more than they expected , even the less expensive they get .
They got more calories because of crop food .
They got healthier . I made more .
It &apos;s amazing .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has also been shown in the construct of the human spirit .
The other thing that we did was we started to multiply varieties of representative species : small fluctuations , anarchs , rubber , grain .
The bride , the brides , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , the general forms of the alphabet .
We direct the arrows to more density , to more disruptive , more rewarding differences .
This is what we need to estimate .
This is what the green will says .
But it &apos;s also how we can rebuild our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big indicators , those kind of models , the green will , that I was talking about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a compromise for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , there it is .
Start with a large fish farm of 450 grams .
Take the meaning . Choose the fish in four parts .
Think of it in four dimensions .
Take those four apples out of the marshmallow and then open up the best kitchen you have , the five apples and the thumb .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Ask your friends and neighbors and do it again once a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire facility , and they were trained with a lot of bricks and a little bit of alcohol , usually with bricks .
Until today , I tend to eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a fat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s kind of like a built-in tentacle .
It &apos;s invisible .
But the most horrible thing you &apos;ll hear about the condition of our oceans , I was asked to tell you that probably the biggest burden of all time that your mother was right .
Three vessels .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For simplicity , I &apos;m looking for compounds that are useful for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for short , slow and interesting things that I don &apos;t think I can agree on .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for contradictions that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just our resource board , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call the process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;ll start sharing the rest , we &apos;ll start screaming , we &apos;ll rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my artist &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; He developed a cartoon .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 sponsor of Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested in Robbie .
Here I am with Jesus United States , one of the most devastating moments of my life .
The following day , all the artists were invited to the Rombai border to meet Monderland , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global monument standing in front of his former prison camp .
And you can see the wall plays there .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Mendall found out in the world that there was a real harm going on in her country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in this Scottish country , and that the Church list leads to a much better group of women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic had this effect on women .
So when I left Africa , when I left Cambridge , I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up for this .
I need to be serving my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I participated in every 464 organized mechanism that I could be present to , and I looked at Mamluk Moussaouts , interviews , and most of all , using the questions that I &apos;ve been committed to as a musician , bringing up my whole adventure of Mandela and the disconnect between
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is developing Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in her country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;re just going to crash .
I was very , very lucky to meet two years later at the Academy of State , which is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the court and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 texts .
He was wearing this kind of sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this shrimp seems like a crack of spaghetti , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be dependent . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live on the ground .
They have educational projects .
They &apos;re interested in questions associated with conflict .
The act of doing it is really quite gruesome .
And yes , my Singer programmer backs the Treatment Action Campaign , which is how I try to raise the level of IMF and raise money for the last one .
Most of the funding I got was able to get me to go straight to the Treatment Action Campaign and nominate the incredible work they do and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my &quot; &quot; Singer &quot; &quot; cartoon .
In the Silk Road , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly with the whiteboard , the middle officers of the middle officer , who finally started disappointing themselves , because I &apos;m using a film that really captures the heart of this devastating conclusion and all the essence that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to think , because they &apos;re inspiring , and they really don &apos;t know what
Austin Moscooled , the former Health Office of today , was also in this system , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly being able to make changes in that area that are so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was trying to raise the level of awareness of HIV .
There &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African children of the National Church , who I just protect .
And just like these kids , they are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting next to Michael Sidwich , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor for Michelangelo that invited me just a few months ago to become an AIDS victim at UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage myself to speak , is the circle of my weapon .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eliminate the transmission of HIV / AIDS from a mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be done with the support of political tools .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we are struggling , and we are both struggling , because we are very confident , because we believe that this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is ready to take care of the world .
And her baby will get an AIDS virus from a mother , preventing a nurse , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
This is the kind of tools that we need to devote to the lives of AIDS epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Achilles .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell his story to everyone , because he &apos;s one of millions of children , millions of children who have been deprived of AIDS .
Achilles &apos; mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Achilles was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of his life , he was already noticed with anti-AIDS drugs , and he was also suffering from diarrhea .
We met her at one of the Eastern Cambridge hospitals , and we spent a full time with her , just an amazing child .
And doctors and nurses were just not seen .
They raised a special cereal for a girl who was followed and respected and respected .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was leaving the hospital — because we recorded his story — whether he was going to win this .
So clearly this was a very emotional encounter that let us remember , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve come down because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This schedule is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this kind of flexibility .
So I want to encourage each of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother in the world and every child has the right to get food and effective health care , and you believe that the United States of America is developing countries in the United States , in particular the fifth and third-party that all governments in the world need to inadvertently do : in particular , what can I achieve with
I think I would be right if I said that nearly everybody in this room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go a step back from reality , and it allows us to do what science will do someday .
As a digital puzzle , I put together the areas of ingenuity and science so that you can feel the implications of future technologies .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re building a street , and the world you &apos;ve seen is bringing information together — news , comfort , structure — and perhaps one day even with the names of the streets that you &apos;ve seen .
This is my mental cubicle .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the circuit , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of a pig .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The machine is ready . The pieces are transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , I say it has four different symbols : love , green , hot and gray .
Play is one of the biggest players of all time .
Now , some people think four symbols represent four meals a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink and — Voice : My favorite feature is noise . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a temperature whenever the heat turns into glamour , the water turns off and everything goes away .
Each dot has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy represents 13 volumes of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the sun in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful offenders in the neighborhood .
MT : There are two colors in the toy .
Here &apos;s the framework and the sunlight that underpins the night and the near-neutral transformation .
Voice : Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the guesses that the toy had 52 tickets was like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days between birth rates .
Keep going . ( Cheers ) Voice : Hold up , don &apos;t get real .
MT : By the way , my sixth birthday was that I had received my first video games , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , bringing growth to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even to boys and girls . ( Applause ) Yeah , who &apos;s that ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s not a big deal .
Go ahead .
Jokie : Hi . MT : Are you ready to talk about you ?
Kick . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jacques . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Go ahead . Go ahead . Hey , huh , huh . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes a toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we make it grow ? How should we work at nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean the word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little extreme , but of course this is all worked . Some people will say growth is a non-zero-force act . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said , no , no .
Right , there &apos;s going to be a &quot; &quot; just , &quot; &quot; in Germany . ( Laughter ) Actually , the truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing a role with a smart player that distributes the cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s probably 4165 to one .
MT : Yes , but it seems to me that my players are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream has come true . MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy in terms of the city .
Unlike what we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter to operate , so no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true , no doubt .
MT : Zika . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the everyday demand for making light .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My kids were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the welfare of adults , the happiness and the walkability .
When I was a kid , I was really struggling , unsafe and totally fearful , from people of fear , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice saying , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one had , but the simplicity of observation and statistics was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started to hear that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks , and on the third side , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t , it was different , and even a while later , it was kind of weird and hopeful , although I noticed that the actual silence of the sound changed , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I had been exposed and had to hide what I often did , when I was exposed to hide my emotions , then the sound wouldn &apos;t go away .
A process of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear sounds and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t real .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And to be honest , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling him about my bizarre journey .
For instance , I was on a television station , and I was interviewing a gymnosophist a long time later , and I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
First of all , I was diagnosed with a schizophrenia , and most of all was that it blew me away with a huge sense of hopelessness and awareness about me and my filmmakers .
But being committed to perceiving that sound as not an experience , but as a sympathetic , fear is more robust to address it .
At that time , it was essentially present to me by accepting a common practice in my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war , and this has caused a lot of the sounds that were coming into being tempting and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle of fear , of hopelessness , of uncertainty and of uncertainty , and it was a struggle where I felt utter and unable to achieve a level of peace and courage .
Two years later , the surgery was parallel .
Until now , I had a whole repertoire of work — terrible sounds , unheard videos — odd and common items .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and desperation , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
A well-crafted man started this journey , but the man who had come , he had been saved , and he ended up becoming the person who was lucky to me .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories get poor and poor compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Erik is going to get his disease .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the end of the summer is coming . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that conflict , only from a single place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning that I used to describe as the literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were murdered were attached to my home , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting next to my parents &apos; room at the reception of the sounds I really appreciated .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Just do it .
Do you know I have a plastic tree ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By looking at this , I was recently collecting the feedback of the self that I had stored with a voice that was stated by every benefit that I had , statistically speaking out of every medicine class , again , from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Indonesia , as part of the international organizational movement that you &apos;re listening to , is a company that has this idea that Professor Marisa Rome and Dr. Sandy Eeker , who perceives the ability to listen to sounds in terms of survival , in terms of intelligent reaction , rather than the lack of a sophisticated body that needs to be absorbed by
This kind of society is not only possible , it &apos;s a way to evolve .
In other words , if social change happens , it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t trust somebody who &apos;s proud .
You can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created the network in the 26 countries that are sitting in five continents , working together to declare dignity , unification and rights , distributing people who have mental disabilities in order to create new languages and hope that inspire unprecedented and empowered individuals .
As Peter Levin said , the human animal is something that has to do with the basic ability to treat and to use this basic mental mind .
In this way , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the health care system than making it easier for the patient to see , to pick up the aid , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician said to me , &quot; &quot; Give me a blessing or something else about you .
You &apos;re asking about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer back at 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to paint earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is more prototypical .
When you take a picture with a secret , the process ends when you paste the dot .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process begins when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both stones and colors , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this are not really possible , but I always want them to look like this , as if it were somehow possible to take a picture of them .
Images that need a moment to think about a little bit in order to discover the possibility .
And this came up with more ideas than just a moment ago .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or is the colors the main ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the truths of reality , where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But by being connected in another way , they can create something else that looks like a three-dimensional thing , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know this is impossible .
So we blame our brains , because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in the context of photographers .
It &apos;s just a collection of realities .
Photography becomes more real , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in bringing together paintings , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get the reality out there .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
First rule is : Connected pictures should have the same pictures .
Secondly , composing images need the same light .
These two pictures also fit together with two rules , and they are made with the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s possible not to tell the difference where they start and end up with pictures of themselves without compromise .
You have to discover any idea about how to make images .
By comparing colors , concentration and illumination between the boundaries of different images , by adding photographs , such as density , by mixing colors and magnifying the digital noise , we are bringing the differences between the different images and the different images into one single image , despite the fact that a photograph can have thousands of generations .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like it &apos;s just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the pictures that are collected from places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to conclusions .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of forgiveness , I knew that I had a few months to prepare for me to find different pieces of this photo .
For example , this fish was taken during fisheries .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
The part of Jay was painted in the womb .
And on top of that , I made a little pink home to make it look more mundane .
To really get the results , it &apos;s all about planning .
I &apos;m always starting with an ecstasy , an idea .
And then I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be pretty and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Juliano , a wonderful waltz .
It turns out that Victoria , your daughter , in the past few years has published much more classified documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange . Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it curious that the remaining media of the world is doing so badly that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey around the world is doing together ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make false papers ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a lot of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the fastest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backs , to go through various rights like Sweden and Bulgaria to use legal protection .
We get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumps , we get bumpy , we get bumpy , we get bumpy , we get bumpy , we get bumpy , we get bled up , we get bumpy , we get bled
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find any evidence of it , then we probably burn it .
( Gunshots ) Go ahead .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the Ted Code is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s see an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crail Island .
This was a secret poll that came out of the government of Kenya after the election of 2004 .
In 2004 , Kenya was run by Daniel Marshall , for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was gone , through a series of calligraphic forces , trying to get Kenya to clean up from the crowd , they celebrated this conversation , about two million pounds spent on that and heading .
And then the government behind it and used it as a political solution to Mo , who was the wealthiest man and now is the wealthiest guy in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we made that speech , we reported three days after the fact that a new president , Kepler , had decided to think about the person who came out to dinner with Daniel Marshall Moi , and this speech was openly meeting with President Kiribati .
CA : And in a nutshell , the conversation about Venice was made not by the official news , but by the way , by the way , by the way , by the results of the choice .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian main page , and it was then published in all the countries around Kenya , in the Tanzania and South Africa monument .
And that &apos;s how it came about .
And that , two days later , became the case that Kenya &apos;s mother was talking about it .
Twenty days of chemical television , the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic test , and changed the result of selection .
CA : Well , the information that you &apos;re talking about has changed the world fundamentally ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airport acceleration .
The history is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful piece , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I look at your object , well , it has about four cords , so , sir .
Man is free . All right . Open .
I tell me when they hit . Go .
Period .
Well , no .
( Audience claps ) Shake . Shake . ( Audience claps ) Shake .
Otherwise , the butterfly , the Knife , the butterfly .
We need to move now .
Well , we got involved in slow motion .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I bought them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , come on . What happened ?
Go bother , Kid . Okay , here we go . I stole them .
CA : What influenced that ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two hearts back to Bond to study the story a little bit further .
This is just the first of three arrangements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Roters .
JA : There we go . Two Ruters employees , two small children .
Over 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exhibition became a cause of devastation .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great uncertainty of power .
Here you see men walking down the street , and there &apos;s a 30 million cubic feet of April in the air , and he &apos;s dropping all kinds of sacred jewelry to do it , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not that easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , is getting rid of it , and it &apos;s been argued that he &apos;s been talking about this video , and also about 280,000 disabled U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , we were worried that we had gotten those kinds of programs .
He was recruited about five days ago by a team of 150,000 telephones and a half thousand telephones .
At the beginning of the year , we had a telephone from the U.S. Department of Reason , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was from a crowded interview .
CA : If you were to get the U.S. Department of Digital Services thousands of television programs ...
JA : We would discuss them . ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Y &apos;all ? ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show how the real state of government , the real estate of human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the detected radio , you can see what the material is .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So what is your philosophy overall ?
Why is it that monitoring secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world that matters , what kind of information can make a difference ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend economic power to store information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is distributed , there is hope that it will do good things , because organizations that know best about it , farmers know it , they spend jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a payoff for people involved or indeed , for the vast benefits of society , that speech can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our objects , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have a policy of neglect .
We have a special way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with detectors that tell us the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what would you say , for example , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that somebody has a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption , it leaves the presumption , for the millions of people around the world who are soldiers of the United States alone .
Actually , it doesn &apos;t . My body isn &apos;t . How do you cook ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in Bhdan , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the perception and thinking of people paying for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to shine light on what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find that in order to photograph , you have to create a secret of yourself around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they &apos;re famous , that &apos;s a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to pursue our well-being , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like to know , based only on our listeners right now — I &apos;m interested in knowing how TED thinks .
You know , there might be two kinds of Wikipedia and Juliet .
You know , a hero , a hero of a staff who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : Just kidding , Julian , brilliant party .
You have to try a little bit . Show them a little bit .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED , you &apos;re going to do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that &apos;s just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is late , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a number of storms took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of a coincidence , that actually , security workers from some of the businesses , many of the businesses , actually , were located there and protested .
And that part of the alpha government had to do it , and so on and so forth .
And there was nothing written on the top , so it was a very difficult paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit hyperbolic , thinking maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t manage it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
Indeed , what is the case about the paper ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that paper ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this textbook where the author &apos;s name was written on the Mechosopath Wall .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods of inventing materials to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of craftsmanship and engineering .
That &apos;s why our publishing has become smaller in the last few months because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems for the overall social curiosity that we &apos;re seeing .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geographically growing , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at a very high level , but we don &apos;t have enough people to keep up and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mainly the reporter and the reporter ?
JA : Whoa , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very rapidly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and that &apos;s why we need to rebuild people that will engage with the highest security of the nation , and then with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s just understand you and how you started this work .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you &apos;ve enjoyed 37 different schools .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two nerves ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a bonobo development component .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a programmer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
It has to be felt with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying for a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe a way in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t make a vacuum ; they feed them snakes .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different perspective , from the older people that I &apos;ve been in my life .
CA : So , what did people want to do ? Do they want to feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , and so eating is not my kind of thing , but another way — there &apos;s a different way of eating chicken , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just in the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was unpublished .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the largest one .
His bank account was the percentage of his economy in GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re in Hollywood last year .
And National TV was commissioned five minutes before it broke away , and as a movie , the contest on the news agent pointed out , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the page at that time as a lion , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Italy and other international legal professionals to create a new kind of legislation license for Iceland to become an official monument for free , with the most powerful news organization in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by an Icelandic priest .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , or will we track the Big Bang , or should we all be facing it ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure that &apos;s the end of the story .
That is , there is a huge gap in the balance between the legislation and the legislation of freedom in the United States , China and the United States .
Where are you going to grow ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And this is why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because with just a little bit of effort , we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , saying , Julian , you &apos;ve been emotional and you &apos;ve been powerful and you &apos;ve been .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting enterprises and stories , nine of the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I &apos;m going to concentrate on demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do this project .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly focused on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not a savant , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these pieces of art presented .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was working at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible new technologies .
So we created a wonderful team , a number of wonderful people , and we started working .
Let me show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these pieces here .
Here is the Wofi Arts Code , the timeline , the Royce and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite metropolis of New York City .
There are two bars to stay with . It &apos;s very hot .
Come on , and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in love . You can fall in love .
Do you want a circular one ?
Open the hardware and bring it in .
You enter in , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Go ahead , take a picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my most paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the sound is given to us , you can lie on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology .
So this picture , for instance , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This guy is walking out , his face is balanced .
But then the desire to make the picture more closely .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I spoke to a couple of my colleagues at MIT , and I found out that this is a game called Seal , and in the process , children were scratching their tape on the third day of Thanksgiving .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the bones .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , and we &apos;re going away so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So fast forward to the modern art gallery , again in New York .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite clips , the night of the Gulf , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to see the edges of a fish ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this process ?
We kind of embed images . We kind of embed them .
I &apos;m going to get to what I &apos;m saying in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this picture .
Now on the other hand , I like to show you a very nice opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things there , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Sex .
Each one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , you have a big home or not .
You can create your own fabric online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something called the power to magnify the image , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from an Asian image .
You can write magazines and send your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an excuse , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the vents .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
That was my common experience .
I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly presenting works of art online .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you design it for an attempt to rebuild the storms ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsive .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , is I tell stories , I write messages , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural things called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some pieces of my personal story .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . You &apos;re going to have a few circles in my talk .
I was born in Stratasburg , France &apos;s family .
For a while , my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where fathers were driving the family , so I grew up looking at my mother &apos;s ambitious environment .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good educator , a world-class , time-consuming woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my view , but with more spiritual values , a little educated and , of course , a little less rational .
She was a woman who , fortunately , had been beaten up with a lot of delight and a lot of hard paintings , didn &apos;t have a look .
A lot of my grandmother would come to visit me with strange Psychologists on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would pick up a red pen and she would roll it around with the notes of the veins as loud as they wanted to leave the area of the skin .
And then , one more thing he did was he put those files in a neat little star .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were struggling with my grandmother had brain problems , I haven &apos;t seen him struggle .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of shame ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unlike many of the classes that I &apos;ve learned , was a very narrow subject . It &apos;s that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract , whether it &apos;s abstract , whether it &apos;s a human spirit , you have to surround it with a concrete
And I &apos;ll take it inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and culture .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , a nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the real world that we &apos;re in , then we might be in danger of fourth .
Our heartache would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our fantasies .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a latrine , or they cover the wall so that the photos will be removed .
It &apos;s an old marshmallow based on the belief that it &apos;s not healthy for people to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the agenda , the people who live in communities are at greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives , the geologists and the believers , the rich and the poor , the East and the East .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the character and then reinforce the characteristics of other planets .
I think all you have to do is to beat these cultural tourists through the art of reaction .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can manifest disclosures in our mental walls .
And through these revelations , we can actually navigate other areas and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mom came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Do you want to have a traffic ticket ?
When I look at myself , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental health situation .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful musicians and asking for things when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible privilege , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And this has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
And the reaction to me was self-organizing as well as translating a journey into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to clap a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Go tell my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I went from this tiny , mediocre , upper underwear that my grandmother lived in , to this wonderful , international school where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various tasks , and yet this diversity did not touch the colonial , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed as not independent , but as representative .
We seemed to be a little bit of a U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with people who were reliable or trustworthy .
This kid , or this kid , used to be kind of a foreign object and a foreign fight .
And I knew this very well , because at the time that I was enjoying this school , there was a war crime in my country , and there was very little left to a man who was representing my nation , and at the time of Rome Pei , and at the time of European , Turkey was able to get hold of the force .
( Laughter ) That day , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
This is where I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called &quot; &quot; Exploration . &quot; &quot; And they were interested in how nowadays I &apos;m a geek , because they thought all sorts of things were global failures , and they were astonishing that from birth , I had to start branching my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three things about my country — politics , politics , strategists and leaders .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and AKE again .
I always felt that my balance was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories kept me focused , the continuity and consequence , and those were the three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Stumbling , a town I keep .
I lived in many animals , many environments where I wrote some of my vacations .
I was in September of 1999 , when there was an earthquake .
When I was three o &apos;clock in the morning , my eyes were flooded with a view like this that made me stop .
We had a local pride — a man , an elderly man , who never sells a bread from the soul , never spoke to the womanhood .
She was sitting next to a transistor who had been beaten up and tortured and tortured and tortured by her grandfather .
I saw this man opening his window on the sidewalk and inspired him , and that picture of the Greek pride is still in my mind , the conservative pride and the passionate translation of the translator sitting on the wall .
Death and destruction make our country &apos;s difference , and we all become one , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the magic , but in a good way , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildlife , and we &apos;re leaving dinner parties together and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe we &apos;re leaving behind .
A little bit later , I started joining women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt a lot more than global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a philosopher , not a mystery , but a question I ask myself : Why do I do that ? In language , I get to rebuild myself .
I like to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and moral to me .
I feel a different connection with two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through a constant and creative mood .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , do better things , say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little expressed , because there &apos;s a great deal of thought and language .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : autism is very cool .
At that time , my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , began to incorporate instability into her ideas that I was married soon , so I could go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Tumblr , I &apos;ve begun to translate my life into Arizona and Sumbling , and these two parts of the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or psychologically .
The stories always bring me together , keeping all my bits and pieces together , acting like an exotic salmon .
As many stories as I know , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , if , or when , the story seems to be more than a story .
I &apos;d like us to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight from a writing editor .
&quot; I love your book , &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latin American , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events of the Obama campaign were happening at Boston University , it was normal for me to think that the allies needed more than the others , but I understood what he was looking for .
And I also realized that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my self-worth .
He was looking for a woman in the book because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics of self affects how stories are distributed and revised .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the non-Archimedes feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death as I am , then you will be expected to write stories about women of death , and you will be expected to tell difficult stories about women of death .
You are expected to write messages , messages and types of stories , and you are surrounded by experiments and conclusions with your mathematical colleagues .
What I felt when I was a kid at the Machine School is now in the literal world .
They don &apos;t view people as an independent creative person , they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
All of us are expected to have something special if not legitimate .
A researcher named James Bond in 1984 asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to impose a few times the fact that she was a gay writer , Bloody went over to him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? There &apos;s nothing wrong with me that unlike other people , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it dangers our liberties .
There &apos;s this mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the textbooks outside the marshmallow are put together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural process in Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three manuscripts — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the untouchables , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or the same book .
We were brought together by our individuals .
Many cultural dictionaries are waiting for them to write real stories , not very long ago .
The sequence is replicated .
In this way , not just for the books , but also for the fancy characters to become great representatives .
But I also have to add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped from giving the talk to my five-year-old advisers .
They were waiting for me to write about a relationship between constructive , multiple layers of breast and family with women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story mattered a lot when I was asked .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-conflict conflict .
Sometimes my wish was to bring both sides to remind myself that it was just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to end my work .
I want to love and update the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Money is entitled to express their political opinion , and there are very good political times in that lottery , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that you have a copyright responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unites us . The statement unites us .
One is called innocent belief .
The other is details .
One is building boundaries .
And the other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of self seems to be built out of red brothers .
And the reaction is like running water .
In October , there were terrific stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to churches , storytellers , often washing away the stories .
To represent a new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even soothing , dead people , not dead people .
Traffic moved beyond borders , like Hawaii Nasparadian trucks that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books of the magazine , and vice versa , combining and accepting the story .
The reality brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books protected an intricate , messy girl like I was at the time .
But I also know the threat of fictional books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sam Terrix , and the first thing he did was he sat down at Rumi &apos;s books watching the words disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with contemporary cultural tattoos is not consistent with knowledge . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us further and further apart .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : It &apos;s like a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuous ; it &apos;s buried in a place .
Yet the other leg is constantly in motion , constantly in motion .
That &apos;s my response as well .
Some of it is ordered by all the raw materials in Zimbabwe , and some of it is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I like the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Tesla have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the case for over 400 years .
In Belshazzar , a little bit of love , there is a place called Jenny &apos;s Prison .
It &apos;s in between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We view them as harmful to supernatural products like water , which is like tornadoes and bodies .
But more of these kind of sentences feel like writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage exhilaration and transformation .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a pregnant woman in Vietnam , and she &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and another book I &apos;m going to write about a fascinating , comparative New Yorkers program .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I live . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Wow . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that teaches students in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Three , that &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Reality is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who make rounds with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of self , it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for every life , whether we love it and love it , well , the country doesn &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the reality that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the problem of autism .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build larger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s looking at why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Just before the game was over , we had skin bars .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
And so 18 years later , President Heroes , 18 years later , decided that we needed a final game .
We want to imagine teaching circuits and then teaching people how to do things .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive relationship with the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , the location , the world and the enthusiasm .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , that can cost the road for the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is colors .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room , dressed in a tent .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I cut my head down , I cut my feet down , I put five faces on my right eye .
And I began my journey to address the wine .
And in that process , I &apos;ve learned a lot . I &apos;ve met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more excited , and you need to be good enough for a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , it &apos;s been a contentious honor for men .
I was having lunch with a guy who was just four o &apos;clock in the first night .
What was left ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were sitting for five hours , this piece might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of postcard for showing your own benefit .
Especially here in Washington , if anyone had invited the previous one and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight of them are very careful , but nevertheless , I &apos;m going to get a race to play a race , I &apos;m going to make two colonoscopies , and we &apos;re going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to be able to see the summit before it gets to the Titanic .
And we had a lot of fun with our tents .
I feel that if Leymah Bank manages Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the smell , because he was going to sleep for about 7.5 or eight hours and see the overall picture .
Now we &apos;ve been committed to a number of journeys around the world , and what &apos;s helpful for us as individuals is that the happiness , the happiness , the efficiency of our lives , will be helpful to our careers and to help the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and invite the motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential relations .
14 years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for years it had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create the most sustainable , scalable , scalable structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most amazing person to do this .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got a tutor in art school and I got a tutor .
I chose to be a painter in my own direction — 10 years ago , when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright project .
By asking for a cochlear implant , I packaged in and I spent my time in Marabola .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The downtown was famous for the disaster .
So I tried making potatoes .
But making a great job was difficult and difficult .
And I got out to the corner and I started seeing fish intersecting and designing a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a different approach to creating a canvas as a way to create a canvas without a massive amount of material .
The first stage that really got me excited about was with these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horses . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To take a picture , we uploaded the network to the ears .
What I found is that sustainable density buildings are occurring each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to study and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to make more larger things , to transform the scale of the object that you see into something that you can lose .
So back to India after the fishermen working there , we built a network — a million and a half links — in a short time , in Maidan .
Thousands of people have seen it . One of them was the anthropologist Manuel Solo Morales , who transformed the tragic segment of the city of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I don &apos;t know if I can do it by maintaining my art .
In frugal solutions , in engineering solutions , those properties were in relation to the material in a standard way .
For two years , I was looking for a detector that would detect sulfuric acid from the sun , the pollution of the air and the atmosphere of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain as if it were buried by pneumonia .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the darkness .
So we &apos;ve cleaned up a 20-ton wall .
We had to do an engineering solution to get a pencil to move from a mouth to a mouth to a dust .
But there was no programmable computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect who designed the oil spills for America — his name is Peter Hippocrates .
He helped me solve two superpowers : provide the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the fireman had never known America .
So I connected with a garden-manufacturing factory , and I met with a bunch of them , and I realized how valuable it was .
There was no programming language that this traditional hand craftsmanship would replace the production of cars .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a network of 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable and in that transformation had lost nothing .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and innocent mirror .
Now it was a perceived space .
Think about it for the first time .
Before I was watching a game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to a strange land .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce two new directions to my work .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit out of the water with pieces of mixed water that would change the rake , and in the process , we also found that people could also interfere with this material and go through without hesitation .
And I use this metropolitan material to think about the trajectory of a metropolitan , at the moment of the process , as if it were a re-growing picture of the urban system .
The next challenge in Denver was the Library of North and South America , and they asked me if I could imagine 35 countries in the West Bank and how they connected with each other .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
It turned out to be the recent earthquake in Chile of the earthquake and the seminar that had happened in the Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic waves of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally recreating the gravitational pull of a supernova .
I connected with the NOAA , asked them to give me the data about the syndrome , and I replaced it here .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a wall of a planet like I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mythological foundation with a thick , thin slice mold , which was 15 times the size of the wall .
It &apos;s now fully plastic and so theme that you can burn the buildings in place , become part of the city &apos;s neighborhood .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and modular properties .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a phone call from New York , and they asked this idea to associate Thomas Sugar or Helen .
This new , flexible construction method allows me to model and build structures that reach the frontiers of the land .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional things and industrial forms .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering projects to create materials , components , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d been able to get out of the building and say , let &apos;s go under the stairs .
These people who had post-traumatic police were now confused by their strangers , and they were watching the creativity , the shattering , the shattering , the wonder .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on a horizontal network .
After having sex , we are completely hopeful .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a little boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow at the same time with all of our sensitive systems , and it fires in this huge region that has the present self and the present self and the brain and how it feels and how it feels .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right shared consciousness .
And at this point we are perfect , we are complete and beautiful .
My left-hand corner , our left-hand corner , is something different .
Our left-hand corner thinks gray and metaphysical .
And our left visual cortex is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
