By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people will actively use social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea pointing out , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this part of this , and this is a blog that was written by Dr. Millin at the beginning of this year , who was a computer scientist and technologist , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here I am dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself the question that when my body finally died from cancer cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this activated site became a passive one . &quot; &quot; Because Michael was a journalist , his intention was probably well written and better written , but in fact , all of us are creating a tool that &apos;s so different from what &apos;s ever been edited before .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
200 million digits are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case is they &apos;ll be made up of some pictures and economic clips , or an agenda that &apos;s in some cases stuck .
And today , we all create this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
And I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to enjoy a picture of what the present and the future look like .
Now we already know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what is going to be with our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I found myself pretty good at putting on Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Death : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble idifie.net until much later .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for exhibition online , with videos , with photographs and stories that can be traced after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Don Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
In order for cars to understand human language and build huge amounts of data to continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a life-long life of simplicity , numbers , photographs , video , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , because of the full integrity that we create , and because of the technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , outcomes can be joyful .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 10 years later , 10 years later , with the improvement of our technical skills .
In other words , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate to the characteristics of a certain species based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that man is creating in his lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous window , which was the night of the 2008 election , when the CNN famous open-source jazz musician w.I. column showed up in their studio for an interview with Andre Cooper .
What if we could use this technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually communicating in a very similar way , based on all the gratitude that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s fully possible to do that , because both the advantages of the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are spreading rapidly .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to become our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything about it ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in super-technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention .
... pay attention to chewing .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a minute , until it dies .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this part — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what brought it to him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something that was truly true and right .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a cool control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , and this is the first computer virus .
And as you keep on going the programming , the puzzle goes down , it says there &apos;s a 10,000-KO78RUS , and the coding comes down at the bottom of the code .
It &apos;s like trafficking . It doesn &apos;t use any way .
They studied by trying to understand meaning .
Suddenly I started Googling .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Citizen code : You can find this in some mobile phones , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Shanghai .
We finally discovered this WEB website , and this guy , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he writes about his life .
In part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s a friend of his life , and he has a very nice car .
This guy is actually moving .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound motorcycle , more than 400 moves . This is a family car for the 20 children in Sanskrit .
As I learned about this machine .
Because there was writing about the machine .
He &apos;d been arrested .
At the center of Shanghai .
He &apos;d rented another car , and he &apos;d put a picture of his blog .
This is his Maersk — this is Ladidia Somalia , who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime had stopped ? In many cases it didn &apos;t go so far .
The vast majority of cases of conflict result .
We don &apos;t know where the conversation comes from .
It &apos;s very often very confused ; texting doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
And that &apos;s what the Seven-400 PLC has done .
It &apos;s programmably programmable , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLCs , small boxes , have no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re engineered , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They actually run one of these .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by it .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from the main parts , electricity , obviously , we depend on computers . And it really creates .
A whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
So efficiency assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t even there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important for continuity .
Think about cooking , thinking about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it all sounds crazy to you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumer .
I &apos;ll tell you about this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
And we &apos;re going to do it right now .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of finding these cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of assaults — and this is more important than office .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
We need to find the people on the ground , and more importantly , we need to find the people on the way to becoming criminals , but we haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I want to start by showing you that it only takes two minutes for you to change your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes you shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that are going on in the intersection , the inexhaustible silences , the worldwide appearances , or the blink of an eye , all the way up to the simple handshake .
First of all , here they go to the basement .
Even in B.C. and New York Times .
And that is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , namely , sociologists , we call it non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make false beliefs and mistakes by giving them a chance .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life , such as in the acceptance of human labor , or in the pre-frontal cortex , or in the temporal lobe .
For example , the Nobel Prize researcher at the University of Texas discovered that when people watch a 30-second period of independent medicine and the actual interaction of the patient , their doctor &apos;s delight is divided — would you give that doctor a judge ? — that is , no .
So it &apos;s got to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions , our bodies , are overall .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high school business-class , and it was inevitable that I should start to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the imperfections of power and generosity .
You think , how come gender is the unfulfilling means of empowerment and empowerment ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger , gets better .
It &apos;s about more space .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
It &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s not even wanting to hurt the person next to us .
This is what it looks like to have a strong and powerful meeting .
When we stand in a position of empowerment and self-confidence , we , no matter how far we will go .
I follow my students in the audience , and I see that business master &apos;s degrees are indeed true .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others stay indoors . Once the audience comes in , you see that .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be compared to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for the business master , because the grades are too narrow in participation .
Business schools have long struggled to solve this gender gap .
I started to challenge , so for example , university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are guesses to guess : yes .
For instance , we pray when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pray , the author gets thrown in these fingers , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works both ways .
The second question that interests us is this : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the body , but can our body change the way we think ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from stresses and fluids ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and better .
They really think the window is going to come out when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more risky .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , high-level testosterone , but who reacts to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness at least equally , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it for a minimal size , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeleton of the human .
You shake , you shut .
He was beating her .
Here &apos;s what happened . They &apos;re walking in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effects like this .
And here &apos;s what happened with cortisol .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
We think this is how you can use your friends when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers is the one who can &apos;t do it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the conditions of experiment .
The feelings of adolescents were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision of the conductor .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And they said , &quot; &quot; Well , you know what ?
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I got a bus .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The artery came from the brain region in the repair region .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was exhausted from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do this . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five-year college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can shape until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for a while , until it &apos;s part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small pulmonies can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Raise your levels of testosterone , put the cortex down .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask everybody to try and find a paper and a paper because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people are suffering from learning .
One billion people are exhausted from clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this shot is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all of those things , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the issue of solving the problem first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , border and border integration , social conditions and water , and suburbia and foreign achievements .
We think religions are among the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June Delta .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have a central problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to fix it , right ?
What matters is not the overall problem solving , but the overall problem solving .
And then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citizen .
An infectious disease must be solved by the network of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is a kind of improbable statement — to write what you think about the major superpowers .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity on the slide — notice that we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you &apos;ll also talk to your neighbors , and just notice that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and there are fewer benefits .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m 18 minutes old , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions going forward , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t this kind of show been established ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be the first one .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more correspondences that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to create a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a basic page of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture in any decision , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make the progress in a two-dimensional way , but it &apos;s certainly difficult to make it better than if we actually did it in a certain way and follow it and talk about it .
So I suggest that we have actually , for a long time , had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family assignment . It could be a very small assignment , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And that &apos;s the main work of the Copernican Convention looked like this .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three spirits in each field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
And also in infectious diseases .
The top three scientists in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the best economists in the world , eight of the best economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Rebel Machine economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not really understandable here .
And what they did was , in essence , a set of supernovae .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad that you asked this question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The problem is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
What do they value ?
They do the crazy job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there &apos;s bad projects , meaning that projects where a dollar investment makes less money .
There are medium , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here by doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see at the end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people would take this off , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say I can &apos;t come back to the heart later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreement with the exhibitions that you have .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
It &apos;s just what we can do on this issue , very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average interaction of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
Amongst all models , it &apos;s going to keep global warming for 2,100 years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 might expect to be 2106 .
It &apos;s a little bit better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to achieve nothing .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very negative ?
Or to do an incredibly good thing with that money .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter every single person — infectious diseases , primary health services — despite getting a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is too important .
It can do very well , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , all of this brings us to mind that we suddenly appear on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the best projects , there are a lot of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four cultures that are supposed to be in the first generations of programs to solve world problems .
The fourth best program is malaria — the fight against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria a year .
And corn can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in both the time scale and the problem of global warming .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can get the freedom window and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and the United States , we can get the global economy to survive for about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a measure of an absolutely astonishing number that will halve the world &apos;s second world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very rapidly , within two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very expensive ways to solve food , particularly with the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffered from a combination of wine , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve this problem seriously .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different ways of combating HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is treatment , prevention of infection .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is much cheaper than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in developing projects .
With the money that we spend , we can do a good thing with X number , healing and 10 times better , predicting .
And again , we better focus on prevention , as in treatment .
It really makes us think about our transcendents .
I want you to look at the wall of your culture and say , did you make it right ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just to make it a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of the team of our dreams , is very good at shaping ...
People will recall that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we talk about saving people , or saving 200 people from Bangladesh , we don &apos;t look at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help people in Bangalore right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Shelley puts it , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re supposed to be , say , a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a rich man in Congo , say , 2100 people in Congo and think about 2005 and say , &quot; &quot; How ridiculous it is that they were so nervous that they helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they certainly didn &apos;t care about
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I absolutely want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emery to pick up Bride Pitt in his next movie to attempt a sandwich for a snake in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not just the movie theater .
And so in many ways , I think that the whole discussion of Copernican Convention and Government in many ways addresses the issue of embarrassment .
So we can realize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not to make the wisdom of the media center active , but to make the job better .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we should spend two times more today on developing countries than we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look so much like we &apos;re on the road to all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about this .
If any of you can tell Bach about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best generations .
I just want to highlight : do we really have the right shot ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable outcome , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
It only takes two seconds to learn English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly leave the polling boundaries , and they did so and proposed their own profiles .
And what was really interesting was that the demonstrations were the same : in the first place , the problems of infection and disease , and climate change were at the end .
We did the same thing over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms came together and a lot of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe that we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what is important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copacabana as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and hopefully more people will gather and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Play the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heritage .
So let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do this kind of work with big spending , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make strong programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; So at the end of the day , you may not agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I traveled with Prussia , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , so we chose a route that ranged from nations and nations to , in short , the longest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me straight .
In the first place , the proton is perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese hero is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the grandmother &apos;s room . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signs around us and how do we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now , you might be surprised that I &apos;m going to go through this kind of strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about mistakes , or at least miss thinking we might be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , in general , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hole comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , here in the present time , are theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m wrong with .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings now , we stand back in the present day , we vote and we vote today .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed inside a small bubble of our own existence .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in this belief in our own right .
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the greatest , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authenticity ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
Stop . Okay , great .
Sadly , very bad , confused , thank you , those are great answers , but they are the answers to another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake of the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis film where a short video game always continues , but never gets to a bird .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird flies by the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and he can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the bill doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps playing , until he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that point , he &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve been wrong , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason why we have to stay within the consensus of our own states .
I call it false vacation .
In the majority of struggles , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us that we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is divided into surveillance , and one of them looks something like this .
That &apos;s not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you certainly know what you think about the child who wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the most satisfying deal of success in life is overwhelming mistakes .
We &apos;re learning it very well .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , hero .
I always say , well , head-tail-head , astrophysical , mathematical footprints .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs and actors of sports and marketing .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistaking means that it &apos;s not with us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman called Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He gets annoyed , the operator does his job , puts the paintings on , and he sends the patient in his room to safety .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why does my body get this wrong ? &quot; &quot; And her wrong side is because the surgeon has survived her left leg , rather than the right leg .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The internal belief that we all often have is that trustworthy conviction is not a commitment to what is happening in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we make devices like , say , more than 750 million light bulbs in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel good .
That means that your beliefs are fully evolving .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of hypothetical assumptions .
First of all , when someone says their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think differently , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right point .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it wrong for their immediate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be honest , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s so necessary for us , causing us to act profoundly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole meaning of being human .
It seems that we want to imagine that our brains are like a retina window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life will be very peaceful .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in a different place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle
It mainly fascinates us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all the other creatures , we &apos;re geologically trying to find the answer .
I think the pursuit of this molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about the communication of this American Life in public radio .
I was listening and listening , and for a while , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m dead .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s actually the case .
But a few months later , I was able to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every part of our communication has the same structures .
And this is the following : &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Rah Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our procrastinators , they will destroy those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the fluctuations and the terrible relationships .
When it comes to stories , we love mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but something else is going on .
George Burke believed that he was going to invest in Iraq , find a massive eradication , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt was going to be in his lifetime , until he or she becomes older or diseased and transmitted the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girl in the school that you loved , and you had kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was giving to a small group of people that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , this conference is an incredible excuse to our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all that , all the amazing things that had to change the world , TED back in 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
I organize another office .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the narrative of magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Media , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prison Minister .
Nazi was originally suicidal for that murder , but at the same time he spent his time on small trucks , he and other people started planning attitudes on dozens of sites in New York City including kidnappers , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were flattened by the FBI .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , there was no bomb shelter in the Middle East .
Nazi was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 with his Egyptian engineers and a passionate American mother and teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the tools to get others to live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of the Calton , which had no idea about our group , was controlled by the FBI .
When my hero came back , my father helped me keep the spinal ward and explain how to treat the army for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last bubble I had was clicking on the light on the top of the wall , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was clicking away .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; Your brother . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed very well in that interpretation , but only a few years later I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , in the end , was convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of copper bags on the south side of the World Trade Center subway station that killed six people and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people I would call mosquitos , which means &quot; &quot; mosquitos .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving another city .
Being a new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to being a hand .
I would hide myself in my classrooms to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a Japanese kid was more likely to be a doctor in class .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching TV or video games .
Because of all this , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a global family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Conventional Florence using College projects .
The attention of my group was on young violence , and spending most of my life as a storyteller was something I was more interested in .
The members of our group were diagnosed with various aspects of life .
And at the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids that I was with was celebrated .
It took days before that fact arrived , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt proud that I could win this chapter that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another surrounding fact came when I found a summer job in the Bronx , in the boardroom .
There , I was exposed to people of different faith and cultures , and that trial has led to an effect in my development of nature .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more generally , all the marbles had an extraordinary effect .
This object gave me the opportunity to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I discovered that many of them are the worst , least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I was raised to feel empathy for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat people in a different way than I would ever wish to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the projections that I was taught as a child with an experience and an interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m known to be an orphan for something that comes from my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had an intellectual freedom to be with me about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that the race , the religion , the sexual side , had nothing to do with the human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strip has more positive impact on my world than my own parenting father , which has never been lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked at me with thoughtful eyes , one who had enough depression for his entire life , and he said , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
At that point , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep all that energy out .
Zack Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to give back my father and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that somebody who &apos;s related to violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the untouchable idea , but I wasn &apos;t a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to counter terrorism , the threat of globalization .
I do this for the warriors of terrorism and their loved ones , for terrible pain and loss , which has led terrorism to their lives .
For the benefit of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these unmeaningful activities and share my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special in any religion or race , and it &apos;s not necessarily the father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
It represents what they learn .
It matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they love it .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to make water for themselves .
This understanding of all of this allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to opportunity to repair our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system and accept our relationship to the ocean as a resource in order to engage the ocean in order to understand and encourage its resilience .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence for drug resistance , for many people , is very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of crops .
Communication is easy , buy your bicycle , go away from the rubble , think about it before you go to the bathroom .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the algae in green .
We cannot keep making this progress unless we measure the success of the species by changing the frequency of the species , including in yellow and the red .
But what if we eat just the vegetables ?
This is a mountain range of thunnus albatross , unsafe .
A card with a stamp and not a random assault .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s a big deal , the head nurse .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to the size of 450 books ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are helpful to the heart .
Great . I love the red line .
I am so blessed , I will be so healthy .
Okay , how many of you will tell me I have a problem .
Already , we have a spectrum problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is that we conceive of that value under an album .
We hide that value under the awareness of otherwise universal compassion .
And we hide that value under the income of vaccines .
So the bottom line is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be presented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by Gordon , but by Gold Green Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that color is the new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that a broccoli can be considered a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them all .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part of the surveillance feature is it comes in half a towel , a bunch of towels , and a bunch of towels .
It &apos;s ranked in a 42-gram pipe with Dijon bag and a spine filled with stainless steel wool and quinoa filled with colorful , purified broccoli so dense and sweet , a little bit cooler and a little bit cooler in it with a Japanese sandwich .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families living in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America from the times we &apos;re eating right now .
Silicon Valley fights to save oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harmony . We need to fear bullshit .
We dismissed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produce by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Beauty is something , but fun is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walters are the leading revolution in green food .
But green food always assumes a shelter that unworries the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean that we need to be careful about it in our pockets .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground office designed to eat cooked food .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
Before we lower public policies , media calls for more drug use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandchildren .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to shrink metaphors down .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start to buy tickets and tickets because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating them and interconnecting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less expected .
They got more calories because of crop food .
They got healthier . I made more .
Great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has also shown in the structure of the human win .
The other thing that we did was we started to multiply varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , anecdotes , beginnings , synergies .
The chef , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , were the common species of alfalfa .
We &apos;re moving towards more flexible , more powerful , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those great nightmares , those sort of modular green wish that I talked about earlier .
Well , if you do , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram .
Take the meaning . Take the fish in four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples with the marshmallow and then open up the best building that you have , please , the nine apples and the thumb .
Give it a chance to eat it .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and maybe twice a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think producing components , producing food , and food is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire spectrum of the spectrum , and they measured a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brine .
I still eat it this way .
I get sick when I go to a fat restaurant .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a spectrum .
It &apos;s invisible .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about the condition of our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you , perhaps the greatest thing is that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For the sake of openness , I look for usable components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , quiet , exciting things that I don &apos;t expect .
For my family , I look for compounds that are born before my own personal history .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the best about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than our resource constraints , it &apos;s also a global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start ordering , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small porcupines .
And we have to save the fun .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my conductor &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singer . &quot; &quot; He ran a marketing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 46664 sponsor for Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested in Robbinism .
Here I am with Jesus Anderson , one of the most terrifying moments of my life .
The following day , all of the artists were invited by Robbie King to come to Mendel , where he was going to spend the rest of the world &apos;s money sitting in front of his former prison camp .
Here you see the wall played over here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madira found herself in the world that there &apos;s a real sympathy going on in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing country , and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this direct effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up for this .
I need to be serving my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went on and on and on and on , I went on to attend every 466 organizations that I had to be present to , and I looked at Mumbai lawyers , and I looked at the questions , the ones that I was most likely to use as a musician , to move beyond my constraints of Mandela &apos;s suffering , to their cause of
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world expands Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa in their country , a country with the highest HIV / AIDS transmission rate ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was happening there , they will just collapse .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting State Agency , which is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of Agency , an incredible amount of courage , and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 mediums .
He was wearing this kind of sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this subject seems like an admiration , I &apos;m wearing it , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away from me . I became the head of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of those participants are women , most of whom are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live on the ground .
They have education programs .
They face issues associated with conflict .
The act of doing this is really quite controversial .
And yes , my Singer programmer backs the Treatment Action Campaign , and through that I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
The vast majority of the funding that I was able to get , went right back to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song marketer .
In &quot; &quot; The Sing &quot; &quot; campaign , I am primarily three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Hong Kong , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yugosembourg , I had the opportunity to play primarily among the middle African audiences who finally started disappointing , because I use a film that really touches the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole essence that we have , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re motivated , and they really don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Aaron Melolean , the head of modern health , was also present in this network , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly committed to making change in that area that is so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I was showing them my own experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of ISIS .
Here &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Singapore children I just fight for .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re even when their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a UNICEF threat of AIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage my talk to widen the circumstances of my lab .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is near HIV positive , and we beat , and we both pray , because we are very confident , because we know that this young woman gets treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is going to bring the world to the light .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitted virus that means that a baby could be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is how we have to meet the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been separated from HIV / AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she was already seeing marks of HIV / AIDS , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in Eastern Kathaus , and we had a full-fledged baby just after her .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see .
They raised a special meal for a girl who was following and taking care of her .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know — because we took his story — was he going to win this ?
So clearly it was a very emotional meeting that kept us alive , this baby , you know , had its history .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stuck . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve been lost because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This range of disappointments is actually for hospital doctors and doctors who were inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have that transformation .
So I want to encourage each of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to get nutritious and effective health care , and you believe in the development goals of the United States , particularly in the fifth and fifth part , what all governments in the world need to do is say , &quot; &quot; Hey , can you please raise your hand ?
I think I would be right if I said that nearly all of the people in this room stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Completion is a wonderful marvel to move forward from reality , and it allows you to do what science is going to do at the dawn of creation .
As a peasant , I &apos;m comparing the ages of approach and science to give yourself a sense of the future of technology .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see comes together with information : news , gestures , structures , maybe one day even with the names of the street .
This is my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
And when you look through the skull , you &apos;re transferring the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need tools . We need tools .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it , we know .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The line is ready . The line is extended .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work with paper , it &apos;s made up of four different indicators : love , green , hot , gray .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , four signs in some ways represent four-year appearances .
E : Ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like heat sinks when heat turns into glamour , water , blood , and then everything disappears .
Each sign has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy represents 13 daycare centers .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the surgery , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful leaders of the neighborhood .
MT has two colors in it .
Here &apos;s the shape and the sun curving through the night and the relatively constant transition .
Voice : Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that a 52-year-old nun , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Clicks ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t be real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , I got my first birthday prescription , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world — pleasure to include boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers , and even the title and the title . ( Applause ) Yeah . And who are these ? MT : Yeah , these are failures .
Thank you .
Jokie : Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I put on my watch .
MT : Good evening . Josh . Hey , ha , ha . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing myself to another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? What should it be ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course this is all work . Some people will say growth is the act of non-zero-force force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not that intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a professional player who is going to divide cards by money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s probably one out of 4165 .
MT : Yes , but I think my politicians are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream has come true . MT : So I think it &apos;s the last and most important thing for me to do is say , the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s organic or not . Voice : The card is discovered .
TMT : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Video : ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
That &apos;s part of the challenge of making a lightbulb every day .
I was never that tall .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My kids were big , and I was happy to think about the lives of the elderly , the lives of the elderly , the youth and the flood .
When I was growing up , I was really struggling , uncertainty and completely fearful , of the fearful , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandmother , just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the consensus and the payment was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reconstruct what I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was kind of funny and exhilarating , although I noticed that the violent struggle of the sound was changing , and it was sometimes evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And to be honest , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was watching a graduate student who was interviewing news at the university , and a psychiatrist , a long time later , said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
First of all , I was diagnosed with a disease , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was exposed to a lot of hopelessness and rehabilitation in my cars .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more powerful than reflecting it .
This was then , in essence , representing the kind of negative act of my own mind — sort of a spiritual political fight , and this gave the hero a lot of the sounds that were coming into being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle for fear , despair , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to achieve a level of peace and awareness .
Two years later , the judgment was legal .
Until now , I had the repertoire of the whole thing — terrible sounds , unfamiliar videos — strange and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time while someone was saving .
A corrupt , well-crafted man started this journey , but the man who came there was saved and ultimately made it the personality that I was fortunate to have .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories of helping people .
I know Eleanor would win his illness .
You know , sometimes a mother puts a tail , but the summer is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought me and me , and who expected me to come back from that feeling alone .
It was very hard to believe it in the beginning , because the sounds were so abstract and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning , which I used to think of as a verbal truth .
For instance , the sounds that were buried at my house taught me to negotiate as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room one night , defending against the sound bullets that I thought were real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do one final thing .
Do you know I have plastic beer ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By embracing all of this , I was recently collecting the benefits of my stored self , the sounds of each character expressed by a voice , statistically speaking up the psychotherapy over and over again from this point of view alone .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of people listening to you , a company that had its idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sanga Earer , who had the vision of listening to sounds matched the tragedy of survival , not the tragedy of normal retirement , but rather the tragedy of symphony , who needed another skill , who needed another skill
This kind of relationship is not only possible , but it &apos;s a way to evolve .
In other words , social change happens , and it becomes visible .
I can &apos;t order a person who is proud .
I can &apos;t point to people who aren &apos;t scared anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created a network movement in the 26 countries that are working together to develop dignity , unification and rights , to develop a new language and hope for independent trust and power .
As Peter Levine put it , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s obsessed with the basic quality of the treatment and the quality of the patient with the mental mind .
In this sense , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the society than to enable the treatment of the patient to see , to engage with aid , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for their healthcare .
We are victims . We are immutable .
In our inner lives , we can never really be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what other people have said about you .
You are told about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a picture ?
Of course , these are the images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed up with my yesterday &apos;s interest to paint , but it was slightly different because in the application of the photo array , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you shake the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process begins when you shake the ball .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both dust and colors , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photography .
Because , of course , these images are not really possible , but I always want them to look like they might be able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the opportunity to discover .
And this has come up with a lot more ideas than you might have imagined .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the best ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the frames of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something else that looks like a three-dimensional , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we treat our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to make the reality come alive .
As you can see , these pictures are not very special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is , you have to have the same picture .
Second , you have to have the same light .
These two pictures are identical to both rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that you cannot differentiate where you start and end up with your own images without compromise .
You have to explain any idea about how to make images .
And by comparing the colors , the focus and the light between the boundaries of different photographs , by adding the photo features , such as the density , the density , the colors and the growth of numbers , we are bringing together the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a picture can have hundreds of thousands of generations .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) You can see that this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas of incentives .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
And having this idea worth spreading , I knew I had a couple of months to prepare for me to find various places in this picture .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The part of George was shot in the rock .
And one of the things I &apos;ll do is I &apos;ll rotate the house a little bit so it &apos;ll look more spectacular .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with the idea of sexism .
And I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Galileo , the waltz .
It was discovered that Wikipedia , your little girl , in the past few years , published more detailed documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media of the world is doing so badly that a small group of activists are able to convey more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we only use the highest secrecy on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Belgium to use legal protection .
We gather information , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we form it , which is sometimes very difficult to negotiate when you talk about huge amounts of information , and then we surround the community , and then we survive unexpected rights and political responses .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any vase we discover it , then we will probably ignore it soon .
( Voice-over ) Go !
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll that was run after the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Mario for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was run , through a series of calligraphy forces , trying to get Kenya to clear up from Corruption , they got this call , and they spent about two million pounds on a two-way interaction .
And then the government behind it , and as a political solution , they used Moi &apos;s , who was the richest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of September .
When we opened that conversation , it was three days after the event that a new president , Kepler , had decided to engage the man who came out to dinner with Daniel Arthur Muti , and this conversation was principally advised by the president of Kiribati .
GA : And in short , the talk about the content was that Kenya presented not with the council reports , but with the council reports , but with the council reports , and you think it &apos;s really about the results of the council .
JA : There you go . And this is the head page of Google , and then it was posted across all the countries around Kenya , in the Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , within two days , became the reason that the media in Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic survey , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , did that change the world fundamentally ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful knife , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I see your object , well , there are about four cords — pops , pops .
Man is free . Well done .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Go ahead .
Well , again .
( Audience clicks ) Shake . Shake . ( Audience clicks ) Shake .
And then — Buddhism , Buddhism , Buddhism .
We have to move now .
Well , we were in the peace zone .
Now , we see two birds , and we still do .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kamen . Okay , here we go . I pack them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge effect .
Finally , we sent two hearts back to Bach to study a little more detailed story .
This is just the first of three arrangements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 spirits die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Ruters .
JA : There you go . From two Rosers &apos; work , two little children got married .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And this explanation has become the source of widespread terror .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see boys who are walking barefoot on the street , and there are 30 million cubic feet of April in the air , handing off all kinds of jewelry to do that , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who simply weren &apos;t , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manju , has been confused , and it &apos;s been argued that he has talked about this video as well as about 280,000 classified American demographic projects to show you .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we were worried that we got these calls .
He was arrested about five days ago in the aftermath of 150,000 telephones and 50 reports .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Davinia earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , you &apos;d have thousands of these .
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Ready ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of the Arab government looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what are the materials .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So what is your philosophy overall ?
Why is it that the delivery of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can be transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies spend economic strength to gather information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are best known , parents know it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a window displaying for individuals or indeed , for the vast benefits of society , that the argument can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our surrounding materials , we haven &apos;t seen this before .
That is , we have policies of understanding the threat .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data from your physician — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re dealing with the discoveries that we &apos;re facing , that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundation is good .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve talked about something that someone has had a particularly controversial situation .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the possibility — it leaves the possibility , around the world , that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you do it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangalore , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people perceive and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But no surprise is that in order to illuminate yourself , you have to create a secret around your resources .
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikillos anymore .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an analogy to other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a tough situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to keep our dignity going .
CA : I would actually like to — based only on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing the belief of TEDsters .
You know , there could be two types of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the hero of the audience who brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a tough bet , Julia , a tough bet .
You have to try a little bit . You show them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
I mean , this is an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a song , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of struggles took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call about the accident engineering analysis , which said that actually , the security workers at some point were actually terrorists from some of the foreign fighters sitting there and banging on them .
And that part of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering conversation at the top had nothing in it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t conquer it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit reluctant to think that maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the point ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for this document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this checkout where the author &apos;s name was written on the Mechoopad Web .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
This is an example of one of our methods of self-assembly , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of craftsmanship and craftsmanship .
So the great news of our publishing has become the least weak in the last few months , because we redefine our systems because of the abstract social curiosity that we have seen .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geographically growing , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly read-write , and what &apos;s the PR value chapter ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very quickly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , so we need to repair it so that you have people who engage with the highest national security , and then with worse security .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents worked on film , and then they flew off the container , so the two fires ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at the earliest age you were struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a programmer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
It also has to be sensitive to other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by the rice match for your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you harness them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t create guns ; they feed them chickens .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different sense of the older people who have lived through my life .
CA : In terms of creating guns for adults ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , so the food is not my thing , but the other way — there &apos;s another way to train fishermen , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just in the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the largest one .
Her bank account was the president of the other economy in the U.N.
Anyway , we released this conversation last year in Holly .
And National television was forced to stop it five minutes before it broke , and as the movie pointed out to the news agency , the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site all the time as a lion , and we became very popular in Italy , we went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And the community was so empowered that it would never happen , and as a result , with some political factors and other international law experts , we set up a new type of legislation in Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and a Nobel Prize for free speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic conflict .
CA : There you go .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us a lot more , will there be more secret , will we be following the Big Bang , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to make a difference .
So there &apos;s a huge gap between the U.S. and China and the U.S.
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because we can only move it a little bit or we can move it around .
CA : Well , I think I &apos;ve evolved the audience by saying , Galileo was sensitive and strong and powerful to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Abdul .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about some very interesting books and stories , the 17 interesting books in cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve gotten a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these gaps and the work of art presented .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you &apos;re just visiting Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all the details here .
Here &apos;s the weather report , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Royce and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis department .
There are two ways you can stay ; it &apos;s very expensive .
Please join me and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can tickle the rug . You can tickle the rug .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware and bring it inside .
You go in and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Go ahead , have a look at the images .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best one yet .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wind has given us that image , you can stick it on .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology in our prison .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things in the picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awkward .
But then you want to get the picture closer .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called chocolate , and in the process , kids dress up a steel game on Friday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Again , one of my favorites , the night of the Gold Rush , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this process .
You put a picture , it &apos;s like you &apos;re in a picture .
I &apos;m going to get to my favorite picture of this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo before .
Now on the other side of me , I love the opportunity to show you .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Tranquility .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , have a big home or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow a picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is the Hippocratic Oath .
You can write a textbook and send your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an explanation , the greatest thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They were given to us by these amazing artists .
It was my contentious experiment .
I hope that in this digital world , we are properly representing works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to replicate the trial to replicate the seeds ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It &apos;s simply not enough to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction , and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the circle . In my talk , you &apos;ll have a few circles .
I was born in Seousburgh , France &apos;s family .
And after a while my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From that point on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
Our surroundings were full of families whose father had control of the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up teaching two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good educator , a global , timeless woman , married .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was fortunate enough to stick out of her chest and get horrible images , without her eyes .
A lot of them would come to my grandmother with heavy gunshots , people or dresses , with arms .
Every time my grandmother would find words in Arabic , she would take a red donkey and drink it with the marshmallow as much as they wanted to get out of the marshmallow .
And then , one by one , he was lying on a plane with a marshmallow .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk about this in the audience of scientists , but the truth is that all of the people who were facing my grandmother had a brain problem , I didn &apos;t see that I was going to be in trouble .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the concept helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons I learned , was a very disgusting lesson , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s organic , paperwork , human spirit , then you need to surround it with straight walls .
And it &apos;s going to be four from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some nation and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the virtuous worlds that we are suffering from , then we might have a fourth danger from it .
Our education would have been silent . Our hearts would have been silent , our humanity would have been silent if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would surround ourselves with our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a piece of doughnut , or they run off the wall in order to get the paintings off the side .
It &apos;s an old Western tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
As a result of this diagram , people like tattoos , who live in communities , are facing the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — the favelas and the conservatives , the geologists and the beliefs , the rich and poor categories in the East and the Americas .
We intend to build buildings that are based on the character and then appreciate the people who stand on other planets .
I think the only cultured method you can win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Do you want to keep a law ?
When I look at her , I think she was remarkably concerned about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling them about my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old , talking to young black men and asking for help from objects when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my present day breakthroughs and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering a terrible privilege in my life , and the last thing I wanted to write about is my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to my self was self-organizing , rather than transferring to other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this tiny , tentacle , medium-sized hole that my grandmother was living in , to this wonderful , international school that I was left with .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Strange Principle . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various organizations , and yet this diversity did not touch the colonial , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative of something big .
We seemed to be a little bit of a U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to your people of freedom or faith .
This or this child was often turned into an object of forgiveness and war .
And I knew this very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of men who were going to be killed by the Roman Empire and the Turkish military in Italy .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
There I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other children would ask me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before , and they were interested in how many symbol sticks I had in my daily life , because they thought everyone was a monkey roller coaster , and they were surprised that I had to start branching my head from birth .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria of my country : politics , sergeant and major .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I always felt like my existence was the only thing I could move with me .
Stories took me to focus , to continuously and subsequently — these were three things I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Stamble , a battle that I battle .
I lived in many , many animals , many environments where I wrote some of my voices .
I was in Timbul when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that exploded me .
We had a local pride — a young , old man who never sells a bread from the soul — never spoke to the public domain .
He was sitting next to a translator who had long and flattened and thrown a candle across the desert floor with his bare feet .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich , and he surrounded himself with this painting by the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my reminder : the conservative soul and the passionate translator sitting on a tree .
Death and destruction make our national difference and we all become united , even if it goes on for a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , well-meaning animals and we &apos;re leaving behind in the window tonight and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we have been to .
So a little while later , I started joining women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more like not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an emotional , not a forger , not a cave . &quot; &quot; So I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do this ? &quot; &quot; So with language , I was able to reclaim myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which for me is very mathematical and biological .
I feel a different kind of connection with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in this world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , you end up living an ever-expanding and scaling angst .
Because at the beginning , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we are less expressed , because there is a great deal of thought and language .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very tempting .
At the time , my grandmother , who was tracking my whole life , began to instill in his struggles that I would quickly marry , so that I could go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblle , I began to transform lives in Arizona and in Timbul , and these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a chef — physically or emotionally .
Stories have always propelled me , keeping all my details and memories together , and they act like an existential slum .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story sees more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight from a book publisher .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one shape , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the characters of the English were more likely to be more than the mine , but I understood what he was looking for .
And I realized , I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my self-worth .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories are spreading and returned .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the non-Army books feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to have hard stories of deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories and circle around with your interactive and endangered partners .
What I experienced as a young boy at MIT is now in the literal world .
Guys don &apos;t view themselves as being an independent creator , but they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some in Turkey , some in Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not legitimate .
In one of the interviews of James Baldwin in 1984 , there were many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a gay author , Bloody went to see him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? There &apos;s nothing wrong with me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing wrong with others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it puts our liberty away .
There is a particular category called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are joined together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural progression 10 years ago at Harvard College .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the informal , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is produced .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abrahamic .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped from giving feedback to the class of my favorite characters .
They were expecting me to write a link between the construction , the embroidery and the separation of families with the wife &apos;s eyes .
My micro story highlighted my attention when I was caught .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-conflict .
Sometimes my wish was to bring both sides to remind me that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to distort my work .
I want to love and extend the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
The Koreans are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that period , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last one in responsibility for the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority disconnects us . The statement unites us .
One is about understanding .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Old Testament , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to the hearts and the stories to the animals , and they were telling the stories very often by sharing those stories .
In order to represent each new character , the media changed its voice by identifying that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them as ordinary people , even the sultan , the dead , not the dead .
Stories were fading off borders , like Hawaii Naxadeen &apos;s trucks that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading Korean books , and vice versa , combined and censored .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books saved a secret , embarrassing girl like I did at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was he sat down the books of Rumi watching the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you a greater failure than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural ethos is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us a greater and separate one .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much , which is life as a side effect .
A leg on the side is continuous ; it &apos;s located in a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , constantly in motion .
That &apos;s my response .
One is surrounded by everywhere mysteries in Timbul , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Tupperware platform , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called Johnny &apos;s Day .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We view them as pristine wilderness , like water , that sounds like leather and boather .
But more of these residents feel like writers and writers .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love the way my portraits surprise me .
I perhaps write about a deadly woman , and she &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book is probably going to write a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are separated from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great paradigm shift .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative books today is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
It &apos;s not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who make circles with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of itself , and it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easy for everyone to love and love , man , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It is so far from the fact that worldwide actors spend 5.93 million hours together trying to solve the problem of Australia .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fragile .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to cutting games , we had skeletons of rocks .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is truly amazing .
However , 18 years later , the president decided that he should play the last game .
We want to visualize the victims and then provide people with a teaching curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive relationship with the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , the sustainability , the worldview and the humanity .
My big idea , which is actually a very small idea , can go down the road for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
As a result of my birth experience , I felt his wine .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my arm , I put five panels on my right eye .
And I started my own way of looking at fish .
And in the process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated , and the happier life needs to be .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to go up with the height .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s reaction has become the currency of morality .
I was having lunch with a young boy who was thought to be only four hours old last night .
What kept me going — I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to walk for five hours , this coffee might be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coffee for your own benefit .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the advance and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; You &apos;re likely to say , &quot; &quot; 8 is clear , but no , I &apos;m going to get a red donor to play , I &apos;m going to get a two-hour phone call and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so engaged and effective , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And we had too much time with our Tunisians .
I feel like , if Leymah brothers &apos; bank manages Leymah &apos;s brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this , because she would have gone from 7.5 to eight hours to watch the entire picture .
We are now part of a multiple journey across the globe , and what is useful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and also benefit worldwide .
So I invite you to open your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for years it had the same use .
Today I use this material to create the highest resilient , scalable , scalable structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied architecture , engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I graduated from seven art schools , and I got a master &apos;s degree .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got the chance to visit India with the Fulbright program .
I built the inside out of a master &apos;s degree , and I spent my time at the Met .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making potato sauce .
But making great jobs was difficult and expensive .
And I got out to the corner and I started to see how grapevines connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized it in a different way , as a new way of creating a staircase , as a way of creating a staircase without a staircase of wonderful materials .
And the first thing that really struck me was how I met these guys .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horses . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So in order to photograph , we uploaded the network to the left .
What I discovered is that the unstable , flexible buildings evolve each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with facilities , and also in Lithuania , with collaborators .
I loved the details that I received , but I wanted to create more and more larger things , to transform the scale of the object that I was looking at , something that I could lose .
I came back to India after the leaders of the work , and we built a handheld network , a million and a half connections , and in a short time , in exhibition in Middle .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Manuel Solar Marsales , who renewed the fragmentation of Port-au-Prince .
He asked me if I could do a sustainable thing for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
In frugal solutions , in engineering solutions , these properties were in relation to the material in a standard fashion .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would resemble the electromagnetic patterns of the sun , the wind blowing and the melting of the atmosphere and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time remains so hot that it would melt away from the pressure .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we hit a 20-ton vacuum tube .
We had to design an engineering solution to get the staircase moving from a test tube to a drawing board .
But there was no engineering program to model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect in Asia who designed instruments for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hopper .
He helped me solve two zeroes , providing the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the army didn &apos;t know America .
So I got in touch with the predator , threw them in the face of the warrior , and figured out how to make a difference .
There was no programming language that transformed manufacturing by a machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after two children were diagnosed , the net was 15 square kilometers thick .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceived space .
I thought of it for the first time .
As I was watching your game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to the unknown ground .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to focus on two new directions .
This is the citizen of historic Philadelphia , and I was reminded that in order to make this material more expensive than the Web .
So we tried to get some non-toxic blood vessels out of the water pipes that had been converted into mushrooms , and we also discovered in the trial that people could also interact with this material and move between without falling over .
And I use this metropolitan material to think about the trajectory of the subway stations as if during the process , it would be a radical picture of the urban living system .
The next challenge was to visit Jesus and the United States agency in Denver , and I was asked if I could picture the interconnectedness of 35 countries in the West Bank and the interconnectedness of them .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I heard about the earthquake and the harmony that had occurred in Chile recently , and the whole Pacific Ocean .
It moved the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally increasing the gravitational pull .
I connected with the NOAA , asked for the dose data , and I turned it into this heart .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a micro landscape that the Earth took .
I couldn &apos;t build it on a wall , in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mythological foundation with a garden hose hose small intestines were 15 times flat .
It would now be completely flat , and it would be so thin that it could condense into existing buildings as part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call from New York , and they asked me to please call Time Sugar or Helen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the top of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have the funding , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , industrial forms .
Now I put them together with technology and engineering projects to create materials , coalitions , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
As a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say to me to be under the table .
These people in the Palestinian police department were now confused by their strangers , by their strangers , and they were looking at the creation , the images , the cloud , and they were discussing the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . This was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , the form of energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is reversed in this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the voice , and how you can feel and hear it .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right shared consciousness .
And at this point we are perfect , we are complete and beautiful .
The one on my left is another one .
Our left-hand corner is thinking algebra and metaphor .
And the one on the left is thinking about language .
And all I can tell is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more nausea in my body . Imagine that .
