Until the age of one billion people on this planet are actively using social networks .
They all have one thing in common : They all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
So what made me think about this was , at the beginning of this year , a blog by Dr. Miller , who was a reporter of science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing like this , and that they were published after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this activated website became a content . &quot; &quot; Because Meller was a reader , his head was probably well written and contextualized , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is completely different from what ever happened to creativity .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Right now , every minute , 48 hours of YouTube video gets uploaded .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case is they &apos;re going to be making some pictures and some economic videos or an agenda stuck in something .
And we &apos;re all creating this wonderful , wealthy digital device that &apos;s going to continue to collapse , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them found me quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Music ) AO : Black .
E : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s speaking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones online , with videos , with photos , with stories that can be translated after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic videos .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand human language , and constructing huge amounts of data continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a whole life of abundance , numbers , photographs , movies , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to communicate with the real world much later than our death , because of the full volume that we create , and because of technology , we have the ability to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you write to make predictions about what to say next .
Right now , as you can see , results can be delicious .
You can imagine what this thing would look like in five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement in our technological skills .
Furthermore , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate with the characteristics of a certain type of person based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being has developed in its lifetime ?
Finally , to come back to this famous scene , which was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN helped a bunch of Hippocratic jazz musicians to show up in their studio , to interview Andron Cooper .
What if we could use this kind of technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually communicating in a very similar way , based on all the accountability they &apos;ve created in their lifetime ?
I think it &apos;s fully possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technologies to understand them are spreading rapidly .
Now , to summarize , what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in agriculture .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what brought it to him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something universal , something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-inch , five-inch , five-inch , five-inch , five-inch , five-inch diameter lens with Brain A virus . This is the first virus on the computer .
And as you keep on going , the encoding drops , the puzzle drops , and it says , &quot; &quot; 0600KO78RUS . &quot; &quot; The code underneath the code .
As a sign . It &apos;s not used in any way .
Try to understand meaning .
Basically , I went to Google .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Cities code . You can find this in some mobile phones , in cars .
The State Department and so on . I tried to make a connection in Stanford .
And after lots of research , we finally found this WEB website . This guy , this guy , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog , he writes his life .
Saint Chapter &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his age , his friend . And he has a very nice car .
Actually , this guy is in charge .
Mercedes-Benz is a 65-million-pound movement — more than 400 muscles — for 20 children in Sanskrit — that &apos;s a self-driving car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He &apos;d been arrested .
It &apos;s in the center of Sanskrit .
He &apos;d drive another car . He &apos;d shoot his blog .
( Video ) Narrator : This is Ladiah Somara , who was kidnapped . You can see the Prime Minister of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had stopped . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had stopped ? In many cases , the job wouldn &apos;t go so far .
Even in the majority of times .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like it to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable treatment control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their job . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managing one of these . And if Stuxnet is attacking one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , like electricity from the ground up , obviously we depend on computers . And it really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even if computers beat . ( Laughter )
So jealousy assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
Think about the state of mind , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s all about you .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I can see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is consumption .
I &apos;ll tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything . We &apos;ve got to do this all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do real-time job discovering these online criminals — these organized groups that are counting millions of deaths . It &apos;s more important than offensive .
Creating programs or Internet profiles , and most importantly , these relationships .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the stands , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this idea that it only takes you two minutes to change your body position .
But before that , I &apos;d ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How few of you ?
Sometimes we just shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s an expansion . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the subjects that occur during the intersection are nonverbal cues , global states , or non-verbal eyesight , all the way up to simplicity .
Singapore . There they go .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , which is what sociologists call non-verbal values , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make good and wrong beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in critical circumstances of life , such as taking people to work or jumping to the front , or taking time .
For instance , Neil Aamabad , who studied at the University of Texas , found that when people watched over 30 seconds of independent medicine and the actual interaction of a patient , their doctor &apos;s delights their doctor &apos;s delights , their judgment would be approved to that doctor , so no .
So they &apos;re supposed to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organs all the time .
And so what kind of communication do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-school business school , and it was inevitable that I would get into the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the imperfections of power and generosity .
You think , what are the ways in which power and generosity are not accomplished ?
In the animal world , animals behave in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
He hands on us , smells us , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our face is strength and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others stay inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more than men .
They are always allowed to be more than men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for the master of business management , because the value is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
So I started crying , for instance , in university , for these people attending the classroom .
There &apos;s a prediction : yes .
For example , we pray when we are happy , but when we have to pray , the book is burned with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the behavior of the body , but can we change the behavior of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why is it different from nurses and pigs ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and good .
They really think it &apos;s going to come out of the closet , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we react to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who responds to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you give yourself a new view of what happens if you do it in a minimal way , a very small , indelible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You shut it down , you shut it down .
He was beating her .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes , and this is what happens .
And here &apos;s what happened to cortisol .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
This is how we think we can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is an old man .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis is or experiment is .
Young people &apos;s feelings were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And the answer was , they said yes .
They don &apos;t want to be a bubble .
When I was 19 , I was in a car accident .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
A brain disorder emerged in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
that I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape as much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . I went to college for five years .
I had no feeling , and he had , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until it gets there .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do it so long before it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your mind .
Make your strategy higher , lower your cortisol level .
Let me give you a context that you think you haven &apos;t shown your capacity .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the greatest problem in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extroverts , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the biggest problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people have access to clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of synesthetic circumstances .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of this issue in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , which problem solves first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , aggression , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , taxation and consumption , population integration , social conditions and water , and consumer and consumer applications .
We think religions are among the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Doha .
Of course , it &apos;s not right for people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What &apos;s important is not the overproduction of problems , the overproduction of problems .
In that case , of course , this makes the situation more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the Kyoto reaction .
Diseasing diseases have to be solved through the grid of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use U.N. power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege — write what you think about the major supermarkets .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity in the top — notice that we shouldn &apos;t do things first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
Please , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbors , and just mention that there should be some of the greatest solutions in the world , some of the smallest of the problems .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m tired of 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;re going to have these discussions following , please think about how we actually classify translations ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that happened ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be at the top of the show .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t exactly show that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have authorities , any kind of authority decision , and of course we &apos;re going to keep making the progress in a two-dimensional way , but in an incomplete way , it &apos;s harder than actually making the definitions of authority and following it and talking about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is we really say for a long time that we &apos;ve had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you one big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you would ask for a request , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family assignment . It could be a very small assignment , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Consensus is trying to determine the gender of these problems .
And this is what Cooper Convention did .
We &apos;ve got 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? What would it take ?
And also in infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would it look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the top economists in the world , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Rel Machine economics .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And what they did was , in essence , a set of supernovae .
You might ask , why do economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The problem is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do the crazy job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically encountered a display where they say there are bad programs , meaning programs where the dollar investment is lower .
There &apos;s medium , good and very good programs .
And of course , we have to start here with the realization of very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very bottom , climate change .
A lot of people will do this , and this is probably one of the things that people will say I can &apos;t come back to that later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to get back to that question because that &apos;s one of the questions that we &apos;re going to have with the exhibition that you &apos;re talking about .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad initiative , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the third largest contributor to developing countries in the developing world .
However , it would be very , very small .
For all models , it will follow global warming for 2,100 years only .
So a boy in Bangladesh , who stands at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
To put it this way , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , we could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very bad ?
Or performing an incredible , wonderful , wonderful job .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter all infectious diseases , basic health services , despite having a little bit higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is extremely important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good programs , there are a lot of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four cultures that have to solve the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria a year .
Court can even make a percentage of countries in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunity to solve lots of other problems that need a solution , and of course , in the time-frame and global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
A common model , if we can get to a freestyle and dramatically reduce the subsidition in the United States and the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy for about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a measure of what we &apos;re going to be heading towards in the developing world .
Again , we can say we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive ways to solve the problem of food , particularly with the pockets of microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffered from iron , silk , protein and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV .
The first is treatment , and the second is vaccination .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we don &apos;t do it , or we don &apos;t do it well , we should be asking where we invest in the first one .
And treatment is far too low than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in developing projects .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with the X number , treating them 10 times better , preventing them .
And again , we &apos;d better focus on prevention , as in treatment .
It really makes us think about our transcendents .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you ready to build it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primitive solution .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , just to make it a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is a very good shape .
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most romantic predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than we are .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help people in Bangalore right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re not supposed to be , say , a rich Chinese , or a Japanese , or a Congolese person , 2100 people , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it is that they were so nervous that they helped me to deal with climate change a little bit , and they certainly didn &apos;t care about my grandmother
It doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect it to have Emory pictured Bride Pitt in his next movie to attempt a snake in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not a movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and general discussion of farming are addressing the very issues .
So we can realize that this is not all good for us .
And not just to make the media landscape as important as possible , but to create a foundation for making better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developing countries decided that we needed to spend twice as much on the developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re in the process of solving all big problems all the time .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m telling you exactly that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that , if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go back and think about the best generations .
I just wanted to say : do we really have the right shot ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English in university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the supply chain , and they did so and proposed their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the demonstrations were the same : in the first place , the problems of disease and the climate change were the same .
We did the same thing over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms got together and a lot of students got together .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we have to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the work that gives us great spending , not the things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things we &apos;re doing and not doing
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine from Prussia , Red Island to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we decided to take a road that was crossing the border , the national department , and to cut a long story short , we chose the longest road .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me deeply .
In the first place , the character sits perfectly aligned .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; And he goes on to look at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , here &apos;s the famous Chinese hero defending the sphere of apples . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised to know that I &apos;m on the way to violating a strange career like this , but actually I have a huge advantage over having a conversation .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least avoid thinking about it , that we can be wrong .
We &apos;re very good at it visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is mistaken ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hero comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , here in the present time , seem to be theoretically wrong all the time , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the modern era .
We go to meetings in the present time , we negotiate in the present time , we go to choice and vote in the present time .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a little bubble of our own reality .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each and every one of us , as an individual , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the belief of our rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in feeling our rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one of the other questions .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a cocktail breaks down all the time , but he never gets to a rocket .
And in almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist comes running behind the bird , and the bird comes running down the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s a bird and can fly .
But the machine is running behind it .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
She keeps running , until she looks down and realizes that the air is on .
And at that time , he &apos;s moving .
When we get it wrong , we haven &apos;t really understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already had a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually say something a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason why we have to stay within the context of our own states .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until much later .
But there &apos;s a second reason that keeps us coming up with a belief that we should always be right , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school year .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveys , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you definitely know what you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
She &apos;s stupid , she makes mistakes , she never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the temptation to achieve success is greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , well , head-driver , strategic , mathematical resistance .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and actors of moral outrage .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , gentle and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
She &apos;s being disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the painting , and sending the patient to his room to cleaning .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why does my body have the wrong side of my lungs ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she has the wrong side of her body is because the surgeon has surgered her left arm instead .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a speech about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advocate for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and then we make devices like , for example , more than 750 million light bulbs in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that you believe your beliefs are fully balanced .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone says their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make a third assumption — they know the truth , and they willingly mix it for their imperfect purposes .
So this is terrible .
To be honest , our commitment devastates mistakes to preventing us when it &apos;s so necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in a different place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yeah , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes , famously said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and writing this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or ridicule .
It mainly informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all the other creatures , we &apos;re widely trying to find the answer .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of times about this American Life celebration .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry .
I became a raging woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and translators , are going to give those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , mixed events and temporary consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but something else is going on .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive underground , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt was going to be in his entire life , until he or she was too old or will be ill and transmit the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your favorite daughter at school , and put together kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very lovely book , something that everybody was asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , this conference is an incredible summary of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the wonderful things that have to change the world , TED in 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
This conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about the magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and decoration , and you could say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee came up with a hotel in Manhattan and killed Ray Mae Khan , the Chief of Liberia .
NASA initially agreed to kill innocent people , but at the same time , spending time on small trucks , he and other people started planning attitudes in dozens of New York City including kidnappers and synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were flooded by an FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing went away .
Nazi was ultimately sentenced to intervene .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 by his Egyptian engineers , and my favorite American mother and teacher , who were working together to create a joyful childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dynamically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases we all want the same thing in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any audience , you will find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think you must use all the tools to get others to live like them .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends went to London for a specific purpose .
He told me that I was going to go with them the other morning .
We have reached a point in Calcutta that had no knowledge whatsoever from our group .
When I was growing up , my father helped me keep the invitation in my class and explained to me how to go to the orchestra for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last bubble I had was clicking on the little light on top of the sheet , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was clicking away .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My father is a father , &quot; &quot; as a son .
They all laughed very well in that comment , but after just a few years , I totally understood what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
These men , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of paper in order to install a minibus in the south of the World Trade Center at the North Atlantic , and as a result of that , six people were killed and about 1,000 were killed .
These were the people I tracked .
These were people I would call a husband , which means prostitution .
Before I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , it was time to gather and move cities around .
As a new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to death .
I would hide my identity in classrooms to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a Japanese kid was more likely to be a doctor in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
Because of all this , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtuous measures such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first trials in life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on youth violation , and spending most of my life as a witness to gain , which was something I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
And at the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a friend of mine .
It took days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt proud that I could win this choir that I had believed was impossible almost all my life .
Another environmental fact came when I found a public job in Budrus in entertainment .
There , I was confronted by various religious people and cultures , and that experience has become very powerful in the development of my personality .
I learned that comparison is a man , and more generally , all marmons have an exceptional effect .
This led me to work with Arabic-speaking people , and soon I realized that many of them are the worst , most critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handful of handcuffs , I was creating a feeling of empathy for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would ever wish to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the projects that I was taught as a child with real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something that is beyond my power .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stuart had forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me to understand that race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
She was the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own parenting father , which has nothing to lose .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever .
She looked at me with these thoughtful eyes , one who had enough depression for her entire life , and she said , &quot; It &apos;s so much . &quot;
At that moment , I understood how much explosive energy it takes to maintain all that energy .
Zaha Azerbaijan is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the final contact with my father and start a new life .
So why do I elevate this and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that somebody who is related to violence might hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by that violence , the inevitable ideology , but I was not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to counter terrorism , the threat of globalization .
I do it for the armies of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk about these non-obvious acts of engagement and judging my father &apos;s guns .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special in any religion or race , and the son has not to follow his father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
Poverty is what they &apos;re learning .
&quot; &quot; Sleep &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they rely on the water supply to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of shifts from consumer goods to our ecosystem to an opportunity for restoration .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative costs .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to understand our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and encourage the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
The evidence for drugs that are common to most people in the world of terrorism is very common , they are extraordinary tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of hustles .
Compassion is easy , buy your bicycle , stay away from the rubbish , think again before you buy your bed .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We can &apos;t keep making this progress by measuring the success of these kinds of behaviors including in yellow and blue .
But what if we ate vegetables alone ?
There &apos;s a ton of dust deposited in a cardboard , a dangerous type of dust .
A card with a stick and not a stick .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the green line , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound diameter ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
I may want to be green , but not me , not you , and not the ocean .
My argument is that we should have a hypothesis , a barrier to our actions .
For example , I heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are very healthy .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many clicks do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a problem of spectrum .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The problem is that we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by embracing otherness .
And we hide that value under the income of vaccines .
So the bottom line is that it matters what we need .
The most extroverted articles can be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Goodbye , but by Goly Girl .
Bells . They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to suggest that broccoli can be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them all .
But we have to eat it with a lot of shrimp .
The best part of sustainable leather is that it comes in half with a beer : a set of Tobacos and a set of centers .
It comes with a 142-gram pixel filled with Dijon bag and a crane filled with cold , soft dry detergent , and a whale pile filled with cold , soft and soft protein , a little carbon dioxide and a little carbon dioxide in it with a Japanese carpet .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the wonderful thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America from the time we now eat .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save the ocean from our food supply .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harassment . We need to fear bullying .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we began to use the food we produce by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a mess , but fat is the reality that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leaders of the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always presents a shelter that cares about the responsibility of the food .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to put it into our mouth .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a carrot cup of a predatory gaze in order to eat an environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing public policies , media is about increasing the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to another child if we invest more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get out of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our clients .
As a breakthrough , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to break down megafauna .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less blunt .
They got more calories because they ate a lot more .
They get healthier . I make more money .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the construct of the human window .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various forms of representation : small fluctuations , anarchs , rubbers , synergies .
The bridge , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were all kinds of common allies .
We &apos;re directing weights towards more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snippets , those kind of models , the tuna that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a compromise for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 pound fish .
Take the fat . Take the fat four .
Put them in four corners .
Take those four apples out of the marshmallow , and then open up the best marshmallow that you have in Goodbye , take those apples and drink them .
Give it a chance to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and give it another year , maybe once again .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
I was fortunate enough to have a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire competition of the whaleship , and they talked to a lot of the bathroom and a little bit of the oxygen , usually the bathroom .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s invisible .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear and hear about our ocean conditions is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that the heavy burden of saying it is probably the best thing , even though your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
To be honest , I &apos;m looking for usable components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and silly things that I don &apos;t think will change .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for ingredients that come from my personal history .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;ll start sharing the rest , we &apos;ll start screaming , we &apos;ll rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small porcupines .
And we have to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; It evolved .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 sponsor of Nelson Mandela — the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robbie was locked in prison .
Here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robbie County to come together in Mandela , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global monument , standing here in front of his former prison camp .
And you can see the wall plays there .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Manju introduced to the world that there &apos;s a real disorder going on in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing country , and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children than anyone in this country .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic had this effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up for this .
I need to be serving my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I participated in every 464 organized method that I could be presented with , and I looked at Mamanian athletes , interviews , and most of all , using my own personal questions as a musician , adding to all of my advice , and to all of the indiscrimination that I experienced in
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is building Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I walk out of the street now and tell people what was happening there , they will just collapse .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet KIPP , who is the founder of the treatment Action Campaign , the foundation of an extraordinary piece of court and activist .
I met her in one of the 4664 applications .
He was wearing this kind of armor that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive ; people who live with HIV .
And so because this trailer is like a consumerism camp , it &apos;s like , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this extraordinary organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live in the condition simply .
They have education programs .
They ask questions about the destruction of conflict .
It &apos;s actually quite wrong .
And yeah , my Song propaganda supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and raise money for the past .
The vast majority of the funding that I &apos;ve been able to get , went right away to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
In the Singing Board , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Osoro , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Congo trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play basically a white , middle agency audience , who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible barrier and the whole thing that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re excited , and they really don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Aaron Molloyland , the former Health Program in the present , was also in the present , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly inclined to make change in that area that is so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of reality of HIV .
And there &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African children of the National Church , who I just love .
And just like these children , they are when their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become the face of ISIS in UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage my talks to broaden my spaces .
The message that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard worldwide is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly simple aim , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both projecting , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be energized so that she can take care of the child who is planning to bring about the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitted by the mother , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to impact the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-infected ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she had been suffering from severe AIDS symptoms , and she was suffering from seizures .
We met her in one of the hospitals in East Kathmandu , and we had a complete break after her , just a wonderful child .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They built a special food restaurant for the girl , and they followed it and they loved it .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was leaving the hospital — because we filmed his story — whether he would win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional interaction that left us unhappy , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They have collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scaling of adults is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have that transformation .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have food and effective health care , and you believe that in the United States of America , in particular in the fifth and fifth , what all governments in the world must inevitably face : In particular , the challenge is , what do you think ?
I think I &apos;d be right if I said that almost everyone in the audience in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go a step further in reality , and it allows you to do what science is going to do tomorrow .
As a great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandd@@
You &apos;ve all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re reading the street , and the world you &apos;ve seen is bringing in information : news , gestures , structures , maybe one day even with the names of the street .
This is my mental cubicle .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re spreading the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We all need toys . We all need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle one place and start .
( Music ) Voice : The camera is ready . The pixels are transported .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different marks : love , green , hot , gray .
Play is one of the biggest enemies that gets edited .
Now , some people think four cues are four times a year .
E : Woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo . My favorite shade is the sound . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s a magic trick . It &apos;s a cooling trick , when heat turns into ice , water turns into steam , and then everything disappears .
Each marker has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy is 13 pixels of light .
MT : Here &apos;s the information , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful leaders of the mind .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s the cloud and the sun shining at night and the relatively light .
Voice : Marco , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the tricks that the toy has 52 cards , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep dreaming . ( Clapping ) Voice : Stop , don &apos;t be real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday news , and I traveled around the world on that day to celebrate happiness by bringing up boys and girls and men and women and their husbands and even their boys and their grandchildren — ( Applause ) — and who are these ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s the speed . You know .
Sorry .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jacques . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Be careful . Jocke : Hi , ha , ha ! ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : The toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we grow ? How should we work at nine to five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little extroversion , but of course this is all operating . Some people will say growth is the operation of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in German , it sounds like &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Poverty isn &apos;t that intuitive . But I need to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a smart actor , which is how you divide your cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my cards are better . It &apos;s likely to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy : namely the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether we &apos;re operating , so no . Voice : Maps are detected .
TMT : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the everyday demographic of making light .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was a good at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to get to the students , the lives of the elderly , the youth and the walkability .
I was actually very tough , insecure , and I was absolutely terrified — from people of fear , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing up in summer , buying myself when it started singing my thoughts , playing with my skirt in exactly the same way that I had previously done when I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity of observation and determination was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reproduce whatever I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was strangely and hopefully not , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evaluating my own unpronounced feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I often was doing , being able to hide my emotions , then the voice waved away .
A process of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was certain that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told my doctor at college .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a graduate student who was interviewing news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was too late , and I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
This is when things started to grow fast .
From the start of the patient , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , I was diagnosed with a lot of hopelessness and deprivation in terms of both my emotions and my pictures .
But being committed to perceiving that voice is not an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more powerful than reflecting it .
This was at that time actually representing a kind of relationship between my own mind , a kind of spiritual political fight , and this caused a lot of the sounds that were going to be animous and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle for fear , hopelessness , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to achieve a level of peace and skill .
Two years later , the procedure was transparent .
Until now , I had a whole repertoire of performance : terrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent products .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at that time , until someone else was saved .
A crazy , confused person began this journey , but that person who had arrived had been saved and ended up becoming the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the people helping me .
I know Elizabeth is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the summer comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the nice and ugly people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , only from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so intimate and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn how to interpret metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as verbal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing at home I learned to neglect my own notion of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room one night in the blankets to protect them , which I really thought was true .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do one final thing .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By measuring this , I recently assembled the feedback from my survived self , the voice of every beaver expressed , and I was systematically eliminated from all medications , psychotherapy , just this time .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the listening of the voices , an entrepreneurship that had his idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sinha Erez , who &apos;s listening to sounds matches the tragedy of survival , the clever retirement , the clever retirement , not of the hypothermia , who is needed another technique that needs to be
This kind of relationship is not only possible ; it &apos;s a way to evolve .
In other words , if social change happens , it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t make a person who is proud .
I can &apos;t point to people who aren &apos;t scared anymore .
For the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the network in five continents , cooperating in the past , bringing together human rights and rights to strengthen people with mental disorders in a new language and hope to create an unconditional trust and power .
As Peter Levine put it , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s obsessed with the basic ability to treat and use this basic ability with the mental mind .
In this way , there is no greater privilege for the society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient — to witness , to take care of the patient , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are a verb . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be cultural , change or removed .
Light never comes out .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; I am a witness , or what else they told you about you .
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are the images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I first got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed up with my earlier interest to paint , but it was a little different , because in the case of the photo profile , the process is in much more progressive planning .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process is over when you shake the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road pricing .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both stiff and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopy .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not possible to paint these pictures , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture .
Images that need a moment to think about a little bit in order to discover a possibility .
And it &apos;s more an idea than it was at any moment .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details , the colors , the central ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , it all depends on how we imagine the world and what we might call reality on a scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the pixels of reality where you can take various parts of reality and attach them to create another reality , an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them in another way , they can create something else that looks a lot like this , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brain because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this is insignificant .
I see the same process in relation to photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three simple rules that we have to follow to make the reality come true .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the combined photos have to be identical .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made from the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where it starts and ends up with a single image , but make it disconnected .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
Comparing the colors , concentration and light between the borders of different photographs , adding photos , such as the depth , mixing colors and augurating the digital noise , we clean up the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a single image can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just a change underneath .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea stuck , I knew that I had a couple of months to prepare for me to find all sorts of places to extract from these photos .
For example , this fish was shot in fishing .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of George was shot in a rock .
And one more thing , I got a little red in my hometown , just to make it look more spectacular .
To really get the results , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with an exxement , an idea .
And I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you do a good photograph , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that constrains us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Giuliani , a genius .
It turns out that Vikillos , your daughter , has been publishing more classified documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worse that the remaining media in the world is doing so much worse , that a small group of activists are able to communicate more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : So how does that work ?
How do people make false papers ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a lot of ways for them to communicate information .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret in the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different circumstances like Sweden and Belgium in order to use legal protection .
We get information from a basic fluctuation , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , or whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s registered , whether it &apos;s
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : That &apos;s right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we might dismiss that information as quickly as possible .
( Singing ) Please stand up .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the media is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karl &apos;s cousin .
This was a secret polls taken by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
Before 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Asoccer for 18 years .
She was a bright girl in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphic forces trying to clean Kenya from Corruption , they invited this conversation , spent about two million pounds on a conversation that was driving .
And then the government shut it down , and as a political solution , Moi , who was the poorest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election — the national election , the 28th of December .
When we released that conversation , we released it three days after the event that a new president , Kibera , decided to interact with the person who had come out to dinner with Daniel Rachel Moi , and this conversation , he eventually became president of Kibera .
BG : And to put it very briefly , Kenya &apos;s talk about the event , not about the mundane , but immediately , and you think it &apos;s really the outcome of choice .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and then it was printed in every country around Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that the Chinese Embassy talked about it .
It went on for 20 days with a Chinese television , the poll changed 10 percent with a genetic test , and it changed the result of selection .
CA : Well , how much information did you make that change the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful piece , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a hug .
I look at your object , now there &apos;s about four cords — oh , friend .
It &apos;s free . It &apos;s good . It &apos;s cheap .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re bathing . Look at me .
Go ahead .
Well , no .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
Hurricane — smallpox Kyoto , Buddhist Cohen .
We need to move now .
Well , we were also involved in play .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Zew , this is Kyoto , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kleiber . Well , here we go . I pack them .
CA : What influenced this ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two warriors to Bach to study the story more closely .
This is just the first of three arrangements that happened there .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yeah , that seems to be both Ruters .
JA : There you go . From two Riters &apos;s work , two small children were injured .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this explanation has become the source of widespread terror .
What was , for you , the real reason of anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power disagreements .
Here you see guys on the street , walking up the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter-than-feet of April on a treadmill , and they &apos;re throwing things at everybody , finding all kinds of sacrifices to do that , and killing people in the household .
And there were two journalists there who were just not properly authentic , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s collapsed , and it turns out that , in fact , this video has actually been published , as well as about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that true ?
JA : Well , we were delighted that we got those calls .
He was recruited about five days ago to get 150,000 telephones and release 50 .
We started this year on a phone from the U.S. Embassy , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to another .
The thing is , I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Education from thousands of telescopes ...
JA : We would have thrown them out . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of the moral government is like , the real human rights violations in these governments .
If you look at the remote controls , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why chasing secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can be replaced .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When businesses spend economic value to gather information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will do a good thing , because the companies that are best known for it are hardwired to know it , they spend jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved or really , for the vast majority of society , that a threat can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
So we have a policies of negative illness .
We have a unique way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of hate — you know , your data after your doctor — it &apos;s a privilege secret , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are good at .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you provided something that someone has a specific attack to report .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption , roughly millions of people around the world — that American soldiers are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My body isn &apos;t . How do you think ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think that they &apos;re paying for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret for yourself in order to illuminate yourself ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikelis .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an alcoholic of other sources .
If they come out , it &apos;s going to be a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act in a way that people are morally inclined to maintain our sanctity instead of destroying it .
CA : I would actually like to know , based only on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing the belief of CEOs .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , a hero , a citizen hero who brings this important light in .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : That &apos;s a loud noise , Julia , a loud noise .
You have to try some more . Let me give you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you do .
So this is an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a taste , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a bunch of storms took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that , in fact , the security services employees from some of the areas , from some of the most vulnerable companies , actually , were putting foreign fighters in there and saving them .
And that part of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering conversation at the top wasn &apos;t written . So it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t conquer it because we didn &apos;t know who written it and what it was .
So we were a little perplexed , a little bit perplexed , thinking maybe some bottle company is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what paper is all about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this email where the author &apos;s name was written in the Minnesota Warhol Newspaper .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods in order to control any material , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you have some information from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of craftsmanship and a lot of craftsmanship .
So the top line of our exhibition in the past couple of months has become very poorer because we &apos;re rewarding systems for our overall social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and what that means is that we get a lot of very high discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to constantly monitor and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main puzzle , mainly the reporters and the journalist issue ?
JA : There we go , and trustworthy people .
So we &apos;re a society that &apos;s really hard to grow very quickly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to reorganize that so you have people who engage with the highest national security and then with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s get a sense of yourself and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a kid , you &apos;ve enjoyed 37 different schools .
Is that true ?
JA : Well , my parents worked on the film , and then they were throwing away from the ceiling , so the two consecutive ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is a component of the evolution of phenomenon .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at a young age you were also struggling with early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young reporter activist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
It also has to be sensitive to other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this time , most of it is used by the Ross Matrix to control your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying the bill of a grandmother , but what about your core values ?
Can you get them to some extent and maybe some event in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t make steel — they feed them chickens .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other brothers , from the older people that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : Actually , how many people of the adults did they get to eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and there &apos;s not my way of eating food , but there &apos;s another way of eating chicken , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just to give you a sense of the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news servers reported that the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressed in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland suffered through this financial crisis .
It was the biggest conflict for every country .
Her bank account was the president of her own economy in GDP .
But anyway , we released this message to Holly last year .
And National TV was commissioned five minutes before it broke , and as a movie , the contest appeared on the news , and the reader shouted , &quot; It never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the site all the time as a canvas , and we became very popular in Iceland , went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political leaders in Iceland and other international legal professionals to create a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us to a greater secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge gap in the balance between the Freedom of Information Act in America , China and the United States .
What &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because we can only move it around with a little bit of effort .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented an audience by saying , Julian , be tough and strong and strong with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my leader of mine , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting books and stories , nine of the 17 interesting boxes of cities .
But I will focus on the demand .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays , and artwork that I &apos;ve shown you .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an art in a new way .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started the work .
Let me show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these statues here .
There &apos;s the Office of Office , the timeline of modern art , Emergency , Riggers and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite subway in New York City .
There are two bars to stay inside — very cold .
Get yourself here and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall into the park , you can bark .
Do you want to circulate ?
Open the hardware and bring it inside .
You go inside , and you have to go through the rest of the network .
Go ahead and see the pictures .
Study it .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t yet gotten to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite photos , the Pete Brigley collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wall gave us that picture , you could stick it on .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can beat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology in our camp .
So this picture , for instance , is about 10 billion missing .
And many people ask me , what does it mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things there .
This guy &apos;s coming out a lot , his face is balanced .
But then the desire to get more close to the picture .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed that there was something going on here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the painting and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Seoul , where children sleep on a Friday afternoon with pimentos .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the bones .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so let &apos;s zoom out to see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next thing is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorites , the night of the Gulf , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at smell patterns ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did it ?
We attach the image as if we &apos;re in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to my favorite picture of this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo .
Now on the other hand , I &apos;m going to show you a very lovely opportunity .
There are many different things in there , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Sex .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big home or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian image .
You can make recordings and send out to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the most important thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
It was my common experience .
I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly visualizing works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to replicate the experience of going to parks ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , is I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction , and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . You &apos;re going to be in multiple circles .
I was born in Stockholm , a French family .
A while later , my parents were separated from each other and I came back with my mother in Turkey .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The richness around us was filled with many families where my father was driving a family , so I grew up watching a separated mother .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but with much more spiritual values , much less educated and , of course , much less rational .
She was a woman who , fortunately , had been in the grocery store and had a brilliant look in her face without her eyes .
Many came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds , people or hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would take a red pen and shuffle it in the grass as much as they wanted to take away from the skin .
And then , one more time , she was in a starfish farm .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were facing my grandmother had a skin issue , I didn &apos;t see that there was no problem .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from the many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve learned a very narrow lesson , which is that if I want to destroy anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract or abstract , or human spirit , then you have to surround it with immediate w@@
And it will square from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a certain family , a certain nation and a class .
But if we had nothing to do with the ugly world that we were suffering from , then we could end up with a fourth danger .
Our sustainability would be shrinking . Our hearts would be shrinking . Our humanity would be shrinking if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephant with a cheese sandwich , or they burn the wall in order to get the picture done .
It &apos;s an old archaeological norm based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the exhibition , the homeless people who live in communities are at the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives , the Jamaicans and the beliefs , the rich and poor in the East and the East .
We want to build buildings that are made up of resemblance and then reinforce people about other stars .
I think the only handle of this cultural mythology to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the insights into our mental walls .
And here , through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even combine what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic ticket ?
When I look at her , I think she was remarkably concerned about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was definitely good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful teenagers and asking for help from objects when I was interviewing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s concepts and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction , for me , was self-organizing , rather than being able to translate into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and recover it a little bit .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , sensitive , median ratio where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful school in Maidan , where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; the border representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not touch communism , equal citizenship in our classroom .
On the contrary , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative of something big .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , despite the extraordinary moments that happened to the people of the United Nations , or the people who believed .
This child , or this child , was often turned into an object of forgiveness and a virtue .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was comfortable with this school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of a fellow nation-statesman who was murdering the homeless man of the homeless man of Homer Palm and the war in Europe .
( Laughter ) In those days , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in the middle of the night , and they were interested in how much gray I was going through every day because they thought all sawdust was a ball roller , and they were surprised that from the start of the day I had to cover my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three ways in my country : politics , civic and major .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany and Aicha again .
I always felt that my balance was the only box I could move with .
The stories struck me to be focused , sustainability and consequence — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was about 20 years old , I moved to Samuel , a town that I kept .
I lived in many , many , many environments where I wrote some of my pops .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 a.m. , I saw a kind of scene that really stuck in my tracks .
We had a local pride — a young , old man who never sold a jewelry and never spoke to the authorities of the victim .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and the canvas of cartoons was cast underneath and on his father &apos;s side .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich , and he surrounded himself with this picture of the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the conservative god and the French lying on the table .
Death and destruction make our country &apos;s difference , and we all become one , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have that kind of impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but in a good way , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildscape and walking out into the canopy tonight and starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before or perhaps meant to be a party .
Within this case , I started joining women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not just a global change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an emperor , not a forger , not a clerk . I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do this ? &quot; &quot; Through language , I &apos;m able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through a constant and potential outrage .
Since we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a big chunk between mind and speech .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I found in Boston : Satisfaction is very confusing .
At that time , my grandmother , who had been tracking my whole life , began to immerse myself in his struggles so that I could get married , so that I could go somewhere and forever .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I have begun translating my life into Arizona and Sumbling , and these two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or psychologically .
The stories always interact with me , keeping all my pieces and memories together , acting as an ecstatic thread .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about the stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or not the story considers more as a story .
I &apos;d like you all to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by saying that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that were happening at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the characters of the English were more than the targets , but I understood what was looking for my president .
And I also learned that I &apos;m going to keep banging on her .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s voice , because it was me .
We often talk about how storytellers change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects how storytelling spreads and returns .
There are many authors who feel this pressure , but the Other authors feel this more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death like me , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about women of death , and you &apos;re expected to tell difficult stories about women of death .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories and circles with your interactive , hard work with your mathematicians .
What I felt when I was a child at Ahmedabad &apos;s school is now in the physical world .
Governments don &apos;t think of themselves as an independent creative person , they view themselves as representatives of their culture , some authors from China , some in Turkey , some in Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not legitimate .
My colleague James Baldwin , in one of 1984 interviews , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to admit himself several times to the fact that he was a writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing in me that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it threatens our freedom of expression .
There is a myth called multicultural literacy , where all the letters from the outside world are put together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural process 10 years ago in Harvard .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , the Netizens .
( Laughter ) We weren &apos;t the reason we were writing the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together .
There are many cultural authors waiting for them to write real stories , not so many arrangements .
The sequence is over .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just from Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to give a speech at the speech of my favorite characters in front of the court .
I was expected to write about a building , a building , a building , a building , a building , and a building of household , with women &apos;s eyes .
My story of the microscope made a difference when I was touched .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for post-traumatic stress disorder .
Sometimes my desire to get close to both sides reminded me that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to simplify my work .
I want to love and cultivate the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that period , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the copy responsibility is given . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority is divided . The statement is closed .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Oregon , there were terrible stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to church boxes , storytellers , often wrapping up stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even the cello , the dead people , not the media .
The stories were frozen by borders like the Hawaiian Islands , which were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading Hebrew books , and vice versa , combining and reading the story .
Science brings us to the table .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books saved a secret , embarrassing girl like I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sampshire Theresa , and the first thing he did was to look at Rumi &apos;s books in the water and see how the words disappear in the water .
Sufi officials say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is bigger than the immunity . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but that knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I really like : life is like a side show .
One leg on the other is an extension , extended position .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are ordered by the hydrogen sulfide in Starbucl , and the rest is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the dropout lamp in Turkey , which has been in the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
In Paris , a few of the favorite things , there &apos;s a place called the Jenny parachute .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
We tend to be suspicious of those kinds of things that go wrong .
We view them as pristine in terms of super-absorbent objects like water , which is like ice , and bounce gravity .
But more of these kinds of posters need writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire the frustration and the change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman of death in a newspaper , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that in the early days of creative literacy , the first thing that teaches students is to write about what you know ?
Third , that &apos;s not always the right way to start .
Spatial literature is not about who we are or what we know , or what we know .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like actors who shape circles with their fathers .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of our lives , whether we love and love , honey , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that worldwide actors spend 5.93 million hours together on the problem of autism .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less balanced .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are
But naturally , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before we had the transport of the games , we had skeletons of the wolves .
People were lying . People were fighting .
This is truly amazing .
Hurdysseus , 18 years later , the judge decided to play the last game .
We want to imagine the classical gains , and then we want to give people a classical gap to go through .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have a positive gift in increasing skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , the world and impatience .
My big idea , which actually is a very , very small idea , can be driven by the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt guilty because of my birth experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of effort .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate my wine .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more excited , and you need to live a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s resistance has become a disaster for morality .
I had dinner with a boy recently who was only four hours old last night .
What else I said — although I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of mantis shrimp to show off its own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the past , and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is exactly right , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a radar to play , I &apos;m going to have two coffee cups and I &apos;m going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so complicated and efficient ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a great leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the subject before it gets to the Taniyama .
And we had too much fun with our Tunisians .
I feel like if Leymah brothers managed Leslie brothers and sisters could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the burden , because he was going to sleep for about seven and eight hours and watch the entire picture .
We are now committed to multiple journeys around the world : the things that are useful for us personally , the things that are more joyful , happiness , efficiency in our lives , are going to help our careers and be useful for the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us : open your motors and discover your strength .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about a potential story .
I first discovered this common material 14 years ago , wanting that for centuries it had the same function .
Today , I use this material to create the best for sustainable , scalable , scalable buildings in different cities around the world .
I was the most amazing person to do that .
I had never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools and got a tutor .
I chose to be a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portraits , I built the inside , and I spent time in Mathare itself .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The Jewish village was famous for the crime .
So I tried to make a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and expensive .
And I got out to the corner and I started to see how the fishes connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a different way of doing it as a new way of creating a canvas without giving you a canvas shaped like a canvas shaped .
The first stage that I got excited about was making these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Loud Window . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we uploaded the Web to a photograph .
What I discovered is that , desolate , flexible buildings evolve each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to do more large-scale things , to change the scale of the object you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I came back to India after the fisherman of the workplace , and we set up a network — a million and a half links — in a short time , in Manhattan .
Thousands of people watched it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel SalaMarts , who renewed the fragile area of Portugal , Portugal .
He asked me if I could do something that always does for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
In frugal solutions , in engineering solutions , these properties infused material with a standard method of etherism .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would be detecting the electromagnetic waves of the Sun , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so sweet that it would melt away from the cloud .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the cloud .
So we flew a 25-ton steel pole .
We had to design an engineering solution to get the staircase moving from the ceiling to the ceiling and the ceiling .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect in Asian who &apos;s been working on projects for the American Portrait Game . His name is Peter Hippocrates .
He helped me solve two superpowers to provide the right shape and purpose .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the army didn &apos;t know America .
So I got in touch with a tumor manufacturer , met with them , and found out how to make sense of it .
There was no language of programming that translated that traditional manufacturing technique into products of cars .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 150-square-mile network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceptual place .
I think of it for the first time .
As I was watching the wind game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to the unknown .
My life wasn &apos;t going to be the same .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce you to two new directions .
This is the city of Philadelphia , historically , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scaffolding must be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little tiny water with pixels that were fluid , and we also found that people could actually interact with this material without releasing it .
And I use this metal to visualize the retina &apos;s storage of the subway stations as if during the process , as if it were a retina of the living system of the city .
The next challenge was to look at the living of North and South America in Denmark , and I was asked if I could visualize the interconnection of 35 West Bank countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yeah .
It was discovered in China about the earthquake and the harmony that had occurred in the Pacific in recent years .
It moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerating the melting of the planet and literally recreating the gravitational pull .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the tuning data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth was clicking on .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stained glass , as I knew it .
It had a very complex structure .
I replaced the original law with a thick sheet , a thin sheet , 15 times a wall .
It would now be fully plastic , so thin , that it could be embedded in buildings in place , becoming part of the city &apos;s buildings .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call from New York , asking for this idea to confirm Thomas Skerer or Haleen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities are still not funding , I dream of taking these ranches where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , industrial forms .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering projects to create materials , disruptive , forms that reach the edges of buildings .
My artistic horizons are expanding .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department before , and now he &apos;d been able to take out of the building and say , &quot; &quot; Hey , let &apos;s go underneath the staircase .
These people , including the Boston Shuffler , were now being thrown at the side of their strangers , watching the creation , changing images , and bringing together the wonder .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal line .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that the two parts of it are completely separate .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , the kind of energy that flows through all of our senses at the same time , is amplified in this gigantic region that has the appearance of the current state and the state of mind and how it feels and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right sharing consciousness .
And at this point we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
The one on my left is another thing .
Our left-hand corner is thoughtful and tactile .
And our left is thinking with language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
