By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : They all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And so what made me think about this is , at the beginning of this year , a blog by Dr. Miller , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and clearly after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question earlier that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and it &apos;s going to be an active website . &quot; &quot; Because Miller was a journalist , his mind was probably well-written and more carefully designed , but in fact , all of us are creating a tool that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Today , every minute , 48 hours of YouTube video is uploaded .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook customer makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;re better off creating some pictures and economic clips , or an agenda with a piece of cloth .
And today , we all create this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
Just to make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s going to be like today and the future .
Now we know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what happens to our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them found me quite local when I was signing up Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Man : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : An ifie.net is still very late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones online , with broadcast videos , with photos and stories that may be posted after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dean Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic videos .
The way that machines can understand human language and build big data is by continuing to improve , can be analyzed throughout life by simplicity , numbers , photographs , movies , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to communicate with the real world after we die , because of the full simplicity that we create , and with technology , we have the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Dictionary , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , all you have written to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , results can be very happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , and how we improve our technology skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate on the basis of a set of characteristics that are built on the hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being can do in its life ?
Finally , back to this famous window , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN reported a column of hi-hop music by random I.M. in their studio , to interview Andre Cooper .
What if we could use this technology to present our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually messing up pretty much the same features that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible , because both the big data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are spreading very rapidly .
Now , to close , let me tell you what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
Watch out for the Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second , until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll let the video go . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to her .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more convinced that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something universal , something real and right .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick control wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
If you keep procrastinating , the mycorrhizal bone is declining here , it says 0600KO78RUS . The encoder is at the bottom of the encoder .
as a sign . This is not used in any way .
Study it by trying to understand what it means .
Basically , I went to Google .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Citywide , you can find this on some mobile phones , on cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to Sainsburgh .
And then we finally discovered this WEB website , which is a Russian guy who worked for a couple of years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and on this blog , he writes his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , his lunch partner , and he has a really nice car .
This guy is actually practicing .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 pounds . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He &apos;d rented another machine . And he &apos;d publish his blog .
This is his Maersk — there &apos;s Ladiah Somara , who &apos;s getting distracted . You can see the president of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had stopped . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had stopped ? In many cases , the crime had stopped .
The vast majority of teenagers are in prison .
We don &apos;t know where the assignments come from .
A lot of times it &apos;s raw . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what they built . This is Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their job . For example , the top of this building .
They actually control one of these . And if Stuxnet is infected , one of them is infected .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by it .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary areas like electricity , we clearly depend on computers . And this really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
So bias assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , when things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about storage , think about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason , one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It &apos;s going to take us from this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything . We need to do this all together .
We need to be more global , more global .
We &apos;re going to invent these online criminals — these organized groups that are counting millions of elephants — and this is more important than the government .
Creating applications or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the stands , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this idea that it takes you only two minutes to change your body position .
But before that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s over . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we all love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , say — ( Laughter ) the topics that occur in the intersection , the untouchable silks , the world-class appearances , or doing nothing at all , to the point of view simplicity .
Singapore . Here they go to the Poststation .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , my social psychologists call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are enough principles to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often leave values to false beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life — things like picking up human labor , walking past , or taking time .
For instance , Nelson Amis , a Tupperware researcher , discovered that when people are looking at 30 seconds at a time of individual medicine and a patient &apos;s actual interaction , their doctor &apos;s favorite depends on them being judged by the doctor &apos;s favorite , which is , no .
So they have to be used intelligently , right ?
It &apos;s all about our minds and our emotions and our bodies .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I would start to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the overwhelming tensions of power and authority .
You think , what are the ways in which power and authority are not acting ?
In the animal world , animals have a physical means of imagination .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
Hands up , write to us , to us , in short , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a powerful and powerful meeting looks like .
When our faces are strength and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others act as if they &apos;re inside , as soon as the audience is inside , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They are constantly less attuned to men , and that &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve also noticed .
This is particularly important for the business master , because grades are highly skilled in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to slow down this gene .
I started crying , so for example , university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are beliefs , yes .
For example , we smoke when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to smoke the script with our toothbrush , we get a little more fun .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s position , but can we change the body &apos;s position ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why are the forces and the sounds different from each other ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are often more self-confident , more self-confident , better .
They really think they &apos;re going to come out of window , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often in danger .
But it &apos;s also dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least exponentially , and that change in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you acquire new layers of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human body .
You fall , you fall .
He was beating her .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effects like this .
And here &apos;s what happened to the cortisol .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
This is how we think we can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to test .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no face exposure , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers can take it .
And then the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis is or experiment is .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted people &apos;s decision-making .
I encourage them to form as long as they &apos;re done .
In response , they said yes .
You don &apos;t want to be a doodle , you don &apos;t want to be yourself .
When I was 19 , I was on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
Mind comes from brain damage in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was eliminated from college , and I tried to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five-year college .
I had no feeling , and he had , and I understood his life .
He can shape until he gets everything .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about that before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Lastly , I want to add .
Small disciplines can make big changes .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Make your mind focus .
Make your strategy higher , lower the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think you haven &apos;t shown your capacity .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the biggest problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people have access to clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of synesthetic circumstances .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and so this is a question in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem solve the problem first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve identified the 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , infectious diseases , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , loss and charge , population integration , social conditions and water , and subatomic and commercial applications .
We think religions are the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start solving these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This is the most important question that was asked in June Delhi .
Of course , it &apos;s not okay for people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What matters is not the supervision of the problem , but the generosity of the solution .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved according to Citizen reporting .
Patients and mosquitos need to be solved by networks .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege — to write what you think about the major supernovae .
And also — here &apos;s the economic failure — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbors as well , and just mention what are the most problem-solving solutions in the world , and a few more supernovaes .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions later , asking you to think about , how do we actually define borders ?
And of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been done ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more correspondences that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly clear that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a foundation of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have authorities , it &apos;s any kind of authority decision , and of course we &apos;re still changing the progress in a two-dimensional way , but it &apos;s incredibly difficult , of course , to be better than if we actually did in a superficial decision and followed it and talked about it .
So what I suggest is that we actually say , for a long time , we &apos;ve had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine you &apos;re going to a restaurant and you &apos;re given a big one , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family mission . It can be a very small pixel , right ?
You &apos;d like to know it .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do — trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Meetings did .
We &apos;ve got 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Like with infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so forth .
And the most famous economists , eight of the top economists in the world , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The University of Cambridge marvelously decided to call them Rel Masjid .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their art was essentially a set of supernovae .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do some dirty work in that way , telling us what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a list of worse programs , like programs where you make a dollar investment , you get less money .
There are averages , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very bottom , climate change .
A lot of people will say this , and this is probably one of the things that people will say I can &apos;t come back to that later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to that question because that &apos;s one of the questions that we &apos;ll have in common with the exhibitions that you saw .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad initiative , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
Only what we can do on this issue is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average interface for macroeconomic models , which is the Citizen Project , if you all agree , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
In total , all models will follow global warming for only 2100 years .
So a guy in Bangladesh , who &apos;s at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can get all the people in the world to drink clean drinking water with seismic conditions for primary health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very positive ?
Or performing an incredible , great job of it .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that , if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
You know , the only programs that I &apos;m not going to discuss are — for example , infectious diseases , primary health services — are willing to get a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that suddenly we &apos;re on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there &apos;s a lot of scenarios and water going on .
Again , they &apos;re extremely important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So here I want to show you the four generations that are going to be in the foreground of the world &apos;s problems .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Court can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can increase that by half .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly improve their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that they need to solve , and of course in the long-term , global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can reach a freestyle and specifically reduce suicide in the United States and the United States , we can recreate the global economy with about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a measure of what half of the world will be heading towards .
Again , we can say we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very rapidly , within about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , particularly with the lack of microbes .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffered from iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be to solve HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases of vaccine .
Again , how to do that and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV .
The first is treatment , and the second is vaccines .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be wondering where we put the first letter in .
And treatment is far too expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in programming .
With the money we spend , we can do a good thing with X by healing and 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our supernovaes .
I want you to look at your celebrity desire and say , did you make it ?
Or did you come up with the desire that you just saw ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a fundamental solution .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , just for the fact that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
The problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schulinger , one of our dreams team — is a very good shape .
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is , when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich enough to be protective , say a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a Himalayas , or Congo , and you think of 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it is that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;ve not worried about my grandfather or grandpa , who could much help with this wisdom
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t that great ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory to choose Brad Pitt for his next movie to attempt a sandwich for a snake in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and general explanation of farming are particularly problematic .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not just to make the media landscape apes happen , but to create a foundation for making better action .
The next thing that I think is really important , I think , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re nominating choice everywhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developing countries decided that we should now spend twice as much on the developing world as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has gone down dramatically since .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re on the verge of all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you can tell Bach about this , it &apos;s very good .
But the basic idea is that , if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend every year on the best thing , right ?
The real question is , go with it and think about the best farms .
I just mentioned briefly : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will ultimately end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have silly ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : They have to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the boundaries , and they did so , and they offered their own suggestions .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : problems of obesity and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did the same thing over and over again .
A lot of other subjects got together and a lot of students got together .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that really gave me a lot of hope , a lot of hope , and I can say that I think we need to go through some way to start thinking about supermarkets , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we &apos;d be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to raise more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start to think about political heroes .
So let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do a work that gives you zero cost , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous well-being with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; So ultimately , you may not agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if we do things that we don &apos;t do
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and we were entrepreneurs , so we decided to take a path that runs across national boundaries and national debt and , in a nutshell , we would choose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I &apos;m turning to my friend and asking a question that took me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine stares at me .
The gentleman sitting in the first place perfectly understands that appearance .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; And she goes on to look at me for a couple of seconds , and then she starts laughing , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero , the pianist . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life reflecting on conditions that are very much like this : why do we sometimes misunderstand the signals around us and how do we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but I actually have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least miss thinking we can be wrong .
Obviously , we understand that very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right now , are theoretically wrong suddenly , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today ; we negotiate today ; we vote today .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a small bubble of our own reality .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each and every one of us , as an individual , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to overcome that sense , and if you can do that , it &apos;s going to be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Sir . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a small-budget check , but can never get to a rocket .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist is running behind the bird , and the bird is running off the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s a bird and he can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
She keeps running until she looks down and realizes she &apos;s in the air .
At that point , she &apos;s walking out .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually address my point a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , which make us insist on being consistent with our own states .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane and relate to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You sit in a classroom , and your teacher splits the bills , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a straw , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you certainly know what you think of raising a child about who wrote that surveillance work .
She &apos;s stupid , she &apos;s volunteering , she never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are the stupidity stupidity stupidity stupidity , and second of all , that the chance to make life successful is very greatly miserable .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad course .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Be a leader , a strategist , a marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are CEOs , strategists and actors of the marathon .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman has surgery .
He gets stressed out , the operator does his job , puts his paintings on and transmits the patient to his bedroom .
Everything seems good .
The woman stands up and looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed in the cereal ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she &apos;s getting it is because the surgeon has surgery on her left leg , instead .
When the chairman of the hospital gave a speech about randomness , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something might be very dangerous .
The internal conviction that we all have is common , is not a trustworthy conviction for what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
But we do the opposite , and we uncover the opportunity that we can fail , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million clean oil or deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs fully ignore reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of irrational hypotheses .
First of all , when someone turns out to disagree , we just assume she &apos;s innocent .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to get it right .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess : They know the truth , and they willingly mix it for their own purpose .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act preposterously against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it all comes down to the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think of the future , and we can imagine ourselves of another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , so that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes , famously said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
What Justin realized was that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answers .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times the phone call &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; by public radio .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m dead .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who does that communication .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , the surprise and the discovery and the mistake to make those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and the readers , they give those stories away .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive attacks and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to make mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s the way our life is .
We think something will happen , but something else will happen instead .
George Bush thought he would get in Iraq , find a massive destruction , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak believed that the violent of Egypt would be in his entire life , until he or she would grow older or get sick and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put together kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was holding out for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s good or bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is startling us .
Don &apos;t forget , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and development and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The subject of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a relation of magic .
And I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the persistence , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Sidney came up with a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Khan , the Chief of Liberia .
Nairobi was originally considered to be innocent for that murder , but at the same time , she and other people began to set assignments on dozens of places in New York , including kidnappers , signs and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by the FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing dropped .
Narrator was ultimately sentenced to intervention in the clinic .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people are connected to each other , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think you have to use all the necessary means to get other people to live like themselves .
A few months before he arrived , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to London for a specific purpose .
She told me that the next morning I was with them .
We got to the reconstruction facility in Calcutta , which was run by the FBI without our knowledge .
When I was Secretary of State , my father helped me keep the invitation aside , and he explained how I was treating the doctor for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , the little light bulb on the top of the orchestra , and , surprisingly , to me , the whole orchestra blew up .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; You are the father , the father , the father .
They all laughed very hard about that comment , but after just a few years , I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , in the end , was going to launch 1,500 pounds of ceiling to put a mini-bus in the southwest corner of the World Trade Center , where six people died and killed about 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning obedience .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood didn &apos;t allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to gather and move the city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I always became a gardener of guns .
I would hide myself in my own classrooms to be an archeologist , but it turns out to be quite glamorous to be a brave new kid in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
Because of that , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by killing people like race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Youth Convention in Colorado .
The attention of my group was on the juvenile violence , and spending a lot of my life as a joke — that was the subject that I was actually more interested in .
The members of our group were diagnosed with various aspects of life .
At the end of one day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took me several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disturbance between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt the proudness that I could win the chapter , which I had believed for almost all my life was impossible .
Another surrounding fact came when I found a summer job at Budrus , among the fun .
There , I was subjected to various beliefs and cultures , and that experience became a key part of my development .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more broadly , all the markers had an exceptional effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers , and soon I found that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand , I have developed a compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural to treat other people in the same way that I would like you to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to address the puzzles that I was taught as a child with real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then there was &quot; &quot; Hunger Winter . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me realize that the human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with the human condition .
She &apos;s been the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Inspiration can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a Jewish comic is more positive about my world than my own grandfather , who &apos;s not lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever until I live .
And he looked at me with this hungry eye , and he had someone who had enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; You know ? &quot;
At that moment , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that energy out .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the connection to my father and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this in the hope that maybe somebody who is related to violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was assuming that violence is an inevitable ideology , I didn &apos;t come to the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , globalization .
I do this for the attractive warriors and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that the terrorism has brought to them .
For the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these non-obvious acts and justify my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special in any religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow the parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Poverty is what they learn .
Contagious for me is important .
I want to know the people who are standing behind my lunch break .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re giving hope to water conservation .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of fossil fuels from consumption to our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative habits .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
Reward flows offer an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to embrace our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can integrate the ocean and promote its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
Drug addiction , which is a standard method for most people in the safety of the world , is very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of crusters .
Compassion is easy , buy your jewelry , stay away from it , think again before you go to the drugs .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the pins in green .
We can &apos;t make it happen , continuously , if we measure its success by changing the frequencies of the species including the yellow and the red .
But what if we eat only green beans ?
This includes a cardboard wall of the Tunnus Albatross , a dangerous species .
A deck of cards was violated and not coincidentally violated .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the blood vessel , the main nightmare .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to the size of a 450 pound ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , this limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , and antioxidants and miners are very healthy in the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Well , how many hours later would you tell me I had a problem .
Already , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The question is , we conceive of that value under the hooks .
We hide that value under the awareness of the mystery .
And we hide that value under the income of vitamin .
So the bottom line is , it matters what we need .
The most popular document might be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Google , but by Goldie Greene .
Narrator : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that Brooklyn can be considered a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re overeating .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part of sustainability is that it comes in half a towel , with a bunch of towels and pixels .
It &apos;s picked up a 142 lithium tube , filled with Dijon bag and a hammer , made of cast iron pixels and khinum filled with colorful , soft protein , so thick and soft , a little carbon dioxide and a little bit of seaweed , a Japanese sugar palm .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harassment ; we need to fear bullying .
We destroy the Earth and then we begin to use the food we produce by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time for us to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a mystery , but fat is the reality that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a kind of shame that worries unconcerned about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to be careful with it in our corner .
There &apos;s a little hole in the environment .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a pristine peanut butterfly designed for the environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health to a heart is very important in restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing public policy , media is about increasing the consumption of drugs .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their babies if we include more .
It &apos;s the song that I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandparents .
As a quick rehearsal , I understand that the easiest thing for me is cutting weights in mines .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to cry .
People have spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of the cumulative food .
They became healthier . I made more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was delivered on every scale , but it was delivered at the same time in the context of the human window .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply varieties of exhibitions — small flamingos , nose , fungus , syndrome .
Secondly , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common species of almonds .
We manage the skeletons to be more fluid , to be more fluid , to repair .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snippets , those kind of models , the green will , that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
First of all , a large fish is 450 grams .
Take the class . Close the fish in four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take these four apples out of the prison camp and then open up the best kitchen you have in Burundi , the five apples and the thumb .
Make it eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and give it another year , maybe once again .
I have high food preferences .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are a part of human interest .
My dad was a great cook .
And I was taught very early in life the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were installed with white blood vessels , and they were dealing with a lot of minerals and a little bit of osol , usually with a bread .
Until today , I tend to eat just like this .
I get infected when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
Amazing .
But the scariest news you &apos;ll ever hear and hear about our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you , probably the biggest burden of all time is that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
So to be clear , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for short , slow and attractive things that I don &apos;t consider distorted .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for ingredients that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
This idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than our resource boundary , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start plugging in , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We have to eat bananas .
We have to eat mini-vegetables .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name to the conductor , Singer .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela — the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was incarcerated by Robbie .
Here I am with Jesus U , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robbie Church , to McDonald &apos;s , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global monument , standing here in front of his former prison camp .
And you see the wall here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
It was at that moment that Mandela found himself in the world that there was a real terror going on in his country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in this segregation , and that there were more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went ahead and I took every organization 4664 that I could be present to . I looked at Mamanium Salvs. , the question — the most popular ambassadors I &apos;ve ever accompanied as a musician — to address my entire advice of Mandela , and to address his work .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everyone in the world is increasing the Nobel Laureate .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa in their country — a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was happening there , they &apos;ll just go bother .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet State Agency , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredibly activist in the field .
I met him at one of the 4664 novels .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this subject is kind of an anomaly , and I &apos;m wearing it , I &apos;m like , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became a Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing company .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , including 80 percent of the participants , that most of them are women who are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live in conditions just by the end .
They have education programs .
They address the issues of vulnerability .
The act of kindness is really rather exhausting .
And yes , my Song propaganda supports Treatment Action Campaign by which I try to raise the level of well-being of HIV and raise money for the last time .
Most of the funding that I got was actually moved to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still continuing in South Africa .
So this is my song commercial .
In the Silk Club , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Hong Kong , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play in front of predominantly a white , average South African audiences who finally started to disappear , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible disconnection and its whole thing that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to disappear because they &apos;re excited , and they really don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Austin Mojevelt , the head of modern health , was also present in this network , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly committed to implementing improvements in the area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of well-being of HIV .
Here &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Singapore children I just preserve .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re already pregnant because their parents are HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And to me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the War on HIV / AIDS campaign .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to extend my logic .
The argument I &apos;m trying to make UNAIDS worldwide today is that we want to effectively dispense the HIV / AIDS virus from a mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political leaders .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is somewhere near HIV positive , and we drink , and we both hug , because we are very confident , because we assume that this young woman gets treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can take care of the child she &apos;s about to bring the world to light .
And her baby &apos;s going to get AIDS from a mother , preventing a prosthetic that means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been excluded from AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was infected with HIV ; she died of AIDS .
Avalley was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she was diagnosed with recurrent symptoms of HIV , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the Eastern Kathmandu hospitals , and we spent a full afternoon with her , just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They produced special food for her , which they followed and respected her .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So obviously this was a very emotional interview , which got us to remember , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I swear to God , I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They have been lost because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This area of disability is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired by Evalley .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get the food and effective medical care benefits , and you believe in the emerging Development Goals in the U.S. — particularly the fifth and sixth-graders , which all governments in the world need to do independently — specifically the E.U. , can you ask the question
I guess I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that almost all of the people in this audience stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to move beyond reality , and it allows you today to do everything that science will enjoy .
As a peasant , I assemble the elements of ingenuity and science so that you can feel future-oriented technologies .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see is joining information — names , priests , buildings — and perhaps one day even on the street .
This is my mental statement .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re scanning a Kibera brain .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need cards . We need any cards .
Like this : Let &apos;s say the next time we see this .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cards , in the middle section , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The flag is ready . The flag is transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different marks : love , green , gold and gold .
Papers are one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think that four marks represent four marks a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink and — Voice : My favorite thing is gold . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like heat reflection when heat becomes like ice , water is like blood , and then everything disappears .
Each signal has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Each piece of paper represents 13 volumes of light .
MT : So here &apos;s the data , the process , and the light in the middle .
Voice : The sun is one of the most powerful endeavors of compassion .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s the colors and the sun curving the overnight and the overnight supernova transformation .
Voice : Mike , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And any advice that the toy has 52 cards , as it &apos;s 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per year , the number of days per birthday .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : Not a headache , no more reality .
MT : By the way , it was my birthday &apos;s sixth birthday that I received my first players , and on that day , I &apos;ve traveled all over the world — happiness , including boys and girls , men and women , their husbands and even their laptops . ( Applause ) SW : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are the messages . You know .
Sorry .
Jack : Hey . MT : Are you ready to go ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I &apos;m wearing my suitcase .
MT : Be careful . Jockey : Hey , hey ! ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Suddenly the toy is invented . MTT : Sometimes people ask , how can we grow ? How should we work at nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course it works . Some people say it &apos;s superficial . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to sound like &quot; &quot; no , just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Resolution is not that intentional , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a smart player , which is how you divide your cards by playing a month .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good thing .
It &apos;s probably one from 416 to 45 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy : naming the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not , voice : The card is closed .
TM : This , of course , is real .
MT : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on lately .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the challenge of taking photos every day .
I was never that great .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was a good at school . My kids were big , and I was happy to think about students like the lives of the wedding of the lakes , the windows and the streets .
When I was growing up , I was really struggling , not fear , not fear , not fear , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , having lunch , was coming , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandfather exactly the way I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the simplicity of observation and observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started hearing that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; She &apos;s going to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t whether or not it was different or not , and even after a while , oddly enough and hopefully , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound changed , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A process of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t real .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and a psychiatrist , a long time later , said , &quot; &quot; Hey , mate , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
I started with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was diagnosed with a tremendous amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my photographs .
But being committed to perceiving that voice as not an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more empowered .
At that time , this was actually introduced to him in the act of kindness in my own mind — a kind of spiritual political fight , and this caused a lot of sounds , which went from being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a deep cycle of fear , hatred , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to achieve a level of peace and courage .
Two years later , the immunization was legal .
Until now , I had the whole repertoire of performance — terrible sounds , unseen videos — strange and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until someone else was saved .
One broken and divided man began this journey , but the person who perhaps came would have been saved and ended up becoming the person that was lucky to me .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and they &apos;re poor compared to the memories that people helped me .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in bed , but the month is coming at the end of the summer . &quot; &quot; For four minutes , it &apos;s not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , only from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so intimate and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as verbal truth .
For example , sounds that were threatened by my home , I learned to neglect my own notion of fear and insecurity as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room one night , with the sounds that I thought were real .
This is what I felt at the moment : &quot; &quot; Do not do one .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
And knowing this , I recently collected the benefits of my stored self , with a voice that was expressed by every unit , statistically speaking out of every medicine class — again , from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud to be part of the international body of hearing impaired people in Ivory Coast , an organization that got his idea from Professor Mary Rumi and Dr. Sandy Each , who perceives sounds as if it &apos;s a survival strategy , in the case of conventional reconciliation , in the case of conventional reconciliation , rather than a specific phenomen@@
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also the way it &apos;s evolving .
In other words , social change happens , it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t hire someone who &apos;s proud .
You can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the networks in five continents , which together have coordinated values , unification and rights across the boundaries with mental disorders in order to create a new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s an animal that has a fundamental ability to treat and use this basic ability to think about it .
In this sense , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the health of the patient than making it easier for the treatment of the patient to see , to download the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are a mammal . We are immutable .
With all of us , we can never really be culturalized , changed or displaced .
The lights never come out .
Once , as a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; I am glad that you &apos;ve been told about you .
You are told about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
Photography got interesting when I got my first digital camera lens when I was 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to paint earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of photography , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a poster , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It was like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are pictures like this : road building .
But there is an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both stiff and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean a photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this are not really possible , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment of reflection , need an opportunity to discover .
And it &apos;s more than just an idea .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors in the head ?
Is it about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and what we might call reality on a two-dimensional level .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the firing patterns of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them to one another , to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , almost like this .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re manipulating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it makes sense .
I see the same process in taking the pictures .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise there is something wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get this straight .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the pictures that you see have to be identical .
Secondly , the combinatorial images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to tell where it starts and ends up with a single image , but make it disconnected .
You have to come up with any idea about making images .
By comparing colors , concentration and light across borders of different photographs , by adding photographs , such as density , by adding colors , and by adding a digital nozzle , we interpret the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a single image can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Now , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just a change underneath .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of images from places .
It seems to me , in fact , that it &apos;s easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the idea of addressing ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew that in a matter of months I had to prepare , I found a number of places to get the photo .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
Jay &apos;s portion was made in the womb .
And one more thing , I got a little red , just to give you a sense of urgency .
To get really close , everything is about planning .
I always start with sexiness , an idea .
Then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and yet very real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Giuliani , a genius .
It turns out that Victorians , your kid , have been publishing more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media is doing so bad , that a small group of activists are able to release more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classic discovers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in a vacuum , a vacuum cleaning , a vacuum cleaning , just like a basic news organization , and we establish , in a way , which is sometimes very difficult when you talk about a vast amount of information , when you talk about a vast amount of information , it cuts the community , and then it protects us from the inevitable rights and political responses .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we probably lose that information .
( Video ) Narrator : The king of spades .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , just to ask you what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look at an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened ? What happened ?
JA : So this is Karl &apos;s friend .
This was a secret study by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Mau , for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came to power , through a series of Kallikuppam forces , who were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk , and they spent about two million pounds on a conversation that was driving .
And then the government posted it , and as a political solution , it used Moi , who was the richest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 and I managed to get it right before the election , the National election , the 28th of December .
When we published that conversation , we published it three days after the fact that a new president , Kiva , had decided to memorialize the person who had come out to dinner with Daniel Raqi Moi , and this conversation was passionate about President Kiribati .
GA : And to cut a long story short , Kenya was not talking about the mundane news , but rather , indirectly , and in your opinion , it was really about the outcome of choice .
JA : There you go . And that was the head of Google , and then it was published in every country around China — the Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , within a couple of days , became the reason that the Chinese council talked about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic interview , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world ?
JA : Goodbye .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short clip of Band-Aid Airlines .
Video is longer , but here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a diamond shape .
I &apos;m watching your object , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop !
Man is free . All right . Sorry .
I was told when they were screaming . Sorry .
Go for it .
Come on , ladies and gentlemen .
( Gunshot ) Don &apos;t hurt . Don &apos;t hurt . ( Gunshot crowd ) Don &apos;t hurt .
Hiron — the pipelines , the pipelines , the bouquets .
We have to move now .
Well , we did a little intervention .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I bought them .
Two and a six , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait , wait . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kamen . Well done , here we go . I stuck them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two wardens to Bach to study the story more detailed .
This is the first of three commandments that happened there .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that &apos;s two Ruters either .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters employed two little kids .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exposure has become a source of widespread frustration .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great decoupling of power .
Here you see guys crossing the street , and then a kilometer in the air , 30 millimeters in the air , hunting for all kinds of sacrifices to do it and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not that easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I want to say that the U.S. research analysis , Brendan Manning , who has been blessed , and it turns out that he has slowly committed this video , as well as 280,000 classified U.S. censorship reports .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we joked that we got those TVs .
He was installed about five days ago for 150 million radio masts and 50 reports .
We announced a radio from the U.S. Department of Rice at the beginning of the year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew the janitor .
CA : If you get the President of the United States , you &apos;ve got thousands of DVDs .
JA : We would plug them in . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Yeah . ( CA : Most importantly ... ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the remote controls , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is the correct one ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can lead to ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic effort to gather information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are very well aware of it , deserve to know it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a dangerous thing to get people involved , or really , for the vast majority of society , that the content can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our surrounding materials , we haven &apos;t seen this before .
So we have a dangerous misconception policy .
We have a unique way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , for example , your data after your doctor — it &apos;s a privilege secret , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries we &apos;re facing — that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the bribe in the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that someone has had a specific attack on it .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption that nearly millions of people around the world are that American soldiers are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you handle it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you have found a way to illuminate what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and government .
The light is good .
But isn &apos;t that a surprise that you have to create secret for yourself in order to illuminate yourself ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victorians yet .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they come out , we &apos;re going to have a hard situation for ourselves , but we &apos;re going to pretend that people are morally inclined to keep our dignity going , not to stop it .
CA : I would actually just like to — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there can be two types of Wikipedia and Giuliani .
You know , a hero , a passionate hero who brings this important light .
A dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous crowd , Julia , a gorgeous crowd .
You have to try some more . Let me show you another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a nightmare — something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the coincidence , that actually , the security guards from some of the executives , the military budgets , were actually going to put in trucks there and ship them .
And that some of the algorithmic government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering conversation at the top had nothing written on it , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the shell companies are trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote this week , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source of it . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are it ?
Can you show that you had legal rights on that document ?
Is it really yours ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this email where the author &apos;s name was written on the Macedosaust Ward .
There you go .
( Applause ) This stuff has often happened .
This is an example of one of our methods of replication , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Have you had any information from BP ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re bringing a lot of craftsmanship and engineering efforts .
And so our media landscape has become very small in the last couple of months because we &apos;re restoring systems because of the absurd social interest that we &apos;re interested in .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geospacified with our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a lot of big discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mainly by relevant media companies and how much coverage do you have ?
JA : Hello . Now , reliable people .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very rapidly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , so we need to redesign people so that you have people who engage with the highest security issues in the country and then with lower security .
CA : So let us have a personal understanding of you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you &apos;ve had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made the movie , and then they jumped out of the bathroom , so the two fires ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a combination of phenomenal evolution .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age , you were also against the authority .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , earlier , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I stumbled across it .
And you have to be careful with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
So it &apos;s not quite as comfortable as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you introduce them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the main values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs — they feed them snakes .
And that &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different perspective , from adult people who have been in my life .
CA : In general , do people who grow up to make irrigation ? Do they have food ?
JA : Yeah . And you know , I &apos;m a war person , so it &apos;s not my fate , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to eat chickens , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my personality for a long time .
CA : Just in the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news servers reported that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a great event , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the biggest conflict .
Her bank account was the president of the rest of her economy in GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re reporting this last year in Holly .
And National TV was reported five minutes before it broke , and as a movie , the contest was reported on the news , and the headline was confusing , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the website all the time as a canvas , and we got very famous in Iceland and and talked about it .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we set up a new set of legislation with some political tools in Iceland and other international legal researchers to make it an official monkey for free , with the most powerful press in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for free speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was taken by the Icelandic Communist .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us a lot more , will there be more secrets , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure this is the end of the story .
So there &apos;s a huge shift in the balance between the Freedom of speech constitution and the legislation of Freedom in the United States , China and the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only through a little effort that we can move around and around .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julia , be tough and strong and leaning with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my boss , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting adventures and stories , nine interesting adventures in 17 cities .
But I will concentrate on the demise .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do on this project .
I think my personal instinct is very clear on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not an outsider , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art that I &apos;ve shown you .
And when I began traveling and traveling in caves , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible , new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started the work .
I &apos;ll give you an example , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of the cables there .
This is the desert of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Emergency , Rich and Van Gogh gallery .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan museum .
There are two ways you can stay with me : very expensive .
Put yourself here and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can run around in a warehouse , get dressed .
Want to go around ?
Open the hardware and bring it inside .
You go inside , and you need to go to the end of the interaction .
Move ahead , take a picture .
Study .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t reached the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite pictures , the Pitt Brigger collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wall has given us that image , you can click on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve used in our prison with cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awkward .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Seoul , where kids dress up in a log cabin on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the bone .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so we &apos;re going to zoom out to see how far they were actually getting .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The top one , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery , again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite montages , the night from the Gold Rush , that I showed you , just to see the details .
What if you want to look at smoking ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We kind of embed them into the painting .
I &apos;m going to get to my favorite picture of this picture , and I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo before .
Now , on the other hand , I like to show you a very nice example .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , as you &apos;re thinking about it , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the image , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can write a letter to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the hotels .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re routinely putting art to the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to rebuild the restoration of mosquitos ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This just lets you go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , telling stories , writing stories , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circulation . In my talk , you &apos;re going to be several circles .
I was born in Starbucks , French family .
A while later , my parents got divorced and I went back to Turkey with my mom .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by a lot of families where parents were taking control of the family , so I grew up seeing my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two species of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a global , contemporary , marginalized woman .
And from the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual , but with more spiritual values , a little educated and , of course , a little less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be part of the burqa and to have glorious images taken out of her eyes .
A lot of my grandmother would come to my grandmother with these crazy Play-Doh things on her hands .
Every time my grandmother would find words in Arabic , she would pick up a red cheese and drink them with ink as much gray as they wanted to take out of the skin .
And then , one more thing he noticed was he was lying on the floor with a marble .
A week later , the patient came in .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about this in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who were facing my grandmother had a brain problem , I didn &apos;t see that there was no medication .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the subject helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve learned a very narrow lesson , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s a literary , a literary , or a human spirit , you have to surround it with immediate w@@
And it &apos;s going to square from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and culture .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born with a certain family , a certain nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the outside world , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our generosity would have disappeared . Our hearts would have disappeared ; our humanity would have suffered if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our appearance .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a light socket , or they cover the wall in a way that makes them disappear from the wall .
It &apos;s an old Arabic habit based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time behind .
Through the application , people who live in communities are at the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — the Library and the conservatives , the Jamaicans and the beliefs , the rich and poor , in the East and the East .
We tend to make planets that look like this and then report cartoons of other planets .
I think the only way to win these cultural tattoos is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the insights into our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can actually explore other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a lawyer ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly worried about my mental illness .
I kept telling stories at home , which was really good , but I kept telling them to my school friends , which was really bad .
I was a self-portrait kid , so I was talking to color minds and asking for help from objects when I was interviewing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was going to write down my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering a horrible thing in my life , and the last thing I was going to write about was about me .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the purpose of my whole life , of writing stories .
The reaction to me personally was a self-reaction rather than a self-reaction to other lives , but a potential .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing , and I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and put it back together .
Go back to my story at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , feisty , middle-class household apartment where my grandmother lived , and I moved here to this wonderful , international school in Maddie where I was stunned .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not correspond to anything in our classroom in equal democracy .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not by individuals , but by a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to the people in the room or on the ground .
This kid or this kid would often become an object of foreign object and go into war .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was enjoying this school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of the people in my nation who were murdering the Roman Pavilion , and in Europe , Turkey was together .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exhausted from classes and dreamed of becoming a ship .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen in Sunday , and they were interested in the fact that I was losing a concert every day because they thought that everyone was a monster , and they were astonishing that I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , symbols and the head .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I only felt that my existence was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories struck me as focused , sustainability and success — these were the three things I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , which is a city I support .
I was living in a very diverse and diverse environment , where I wrote some of my notes .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 a.m. , a scene like this came to me .
We had a local priest — a young , old man who never sells a bread from the soul — never spoke to the public domain .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and the Tianmen Square was flying underneath her feet .
I saw this man with his hands opening the door of the sandwich and dragging him around , and these pictures of the Gulf earthquake are now in my remembering self — the conservation grandeur , and the swallowing translator , they &apos;re sitting on a tree .
In terms of death and destruction , our national differences and we all become one , even if it &apos;s just a matter of hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but by reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , well-crafted apartments , and we &apos;re leaving the room at night , and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we &apos;ve been to .
Within this case , I started enjoying women &apos;s College in Boston and later in Mexico .
I was more aware of not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an extrovert , not a forger , not a cave . &quot; &quot; So I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do this ? &quot; &quot; Because in language , I have an opportunity to recover myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and very emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different type of connection with the two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in this world , is a global language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living all the time and all the time .
Because as a starter , we always want to say more , to make better decisions , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there is a great role in thinking and language .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I found out in Boston — it &apos;s quite fashionable .
At the time my grandmother , who tracked me around my life , began to inject concerns in her lungs that I would quickly marry , so that I could go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Boston , I &apos;ve started to transform lives in Arizona and in Sumbo , and these two places in the world are very different .
I guess half of me have always been kind of cliché , physically or psychologically .
Stories always take me , containing all my parts and memories , and they act like an exotic slam .
As much as I love stories , recently I &apos;ve started to think that they &apos;re losing their magic , if , or when the story is viewed more than it is as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting look from a literary criticism .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) So I asked him what he meant by saying this .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one figure in it , it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were so common to me that the Iranians must be more than the arrows , but I understood what he was looking for .
And I also realized , I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she searched for an expensive woman , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-reported politics affects the way that stories are distributed , reported and repeated .
Many authors feel this pressure , but the Other authors feel it more .
If you are a woman writing about the world of death , like me , then you are expected to write stories about women of death , and you are expected to have difficult stories of dying women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typographic stories and surrounding yourself with colleagues of your Warsaw .
What I &apos;ve experienced as a child at the University of Maddie is now in the literary world .
Guys don &apos;t look upon as individual creative individuals , they look upon as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some in Turkey , some in Nigeria .
All of us would expect to have something special if not legitimate .
Professor James Baldwin , in one of the 1984 papers , asked several questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a Gayesian writer , she turned to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . I have nothing in it that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in it that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of personality is trying to attack us , it &apos;s dangerous for our greed people .
There is a mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural reading 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other from Indonesia — as you know , untouchables .
( Laughter ) We weren &apos;t really comfortable with it because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together by our individuals .
Many cultural authors are expected to write their true stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is repeated .
In this way , not just the authors , but also the emperors , to become the emperors of large-scale objects .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just with Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped in office to give feedback to my favorite characters .
I was expected to write about a dozen constructive , multilayered , out-of-the-box houses with wife &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story made a difference when I was asked .
Some criticized me , others very highly reported to write about the post-conflict .
Sometimes my desire to get close to both sides remind me it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to decipher my work .
I want to love and expand the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Scripts are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the authority is given . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority is divided by us . The statement is closed .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were these glorious stories called &quot; &quot; the media . &quot; &quot; They went to the entertainment centers , telling the stories to the individuals , often authenting those stories directly .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even the sultan , the dead , not the dead .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Nasparadian slaves that were very broad across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today , stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian reader is still reading Hebrew books and vice versa , combining and reading the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books sprained an intricate , messy girl like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he got to the prison and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path , from the Sashimi Trains , and the first thing he did was he sat down in Rumi &apos;s books and he watched the trees disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than the content . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural tattoos is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us far and separate .
There is a metaphor that I love very much — it &apos;s like quality of life .
The leg of the leg is continuous ; it &apos;s located there .
Yet the other leg is in constant motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are ordered by sea urchins in Starbucl , and another part is traveling around the world , connecting to other cultures .
In this sense , I &apos;m glad to say that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucks have probably seen the Doppler Square , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called Jenny &apos;s Resolute .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are happening .
We view them as evidence of extrasolar supernovae , like water , that &apos;s like leather and malnutrition .
But more of this kind of evidence is needed by authors and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I inspire bias and transformation .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write about a dying woman , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students learn in creative literature these days is to write what you know about it ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Imaginative literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and open ourselves and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural tourists and explore others .
After all , stories are like actors who shape circles with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of the self ; it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Every one of our lives , whether love and love , oh my God , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together to solve the Virtual Choir .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and disruptive .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are so happy .
But of course , this is not an optimal condition .
We need to start playing more like the world .
Before the gambling victims , we had pig stones .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is truly amazing .
In total , 18 years later , President decided that he would play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then we want to give people the curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic phrase , we have positive gifts on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge extension , sustainability , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , that can travel in the way of the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women — stupid women , stupid people in this room .
There are women .
As a result of my pregnancy , I felt the wine of the wine .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I cut my head in black , I cut my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to wine .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , researchers , and now I want to tell you that you need to live a more efficient , more motivated and a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready for the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , for men , smoking has become the curator of nature .
Recently , I was having lunch with a guy who was thought to be a good four in the last night .
What else I said — although I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of leather for self-interest .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the foreground and said , &quot; &quot; Where are we going to meet eight ? &quot; &quot; You &apos;re likely to say , &quot; &quot; Oh , it &apos;s very clear , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get you to play a race , I &apos;m going to do two opera calls and we &apos;re going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re pretty large and
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the issue before it falls into the Taniyama .
And we had too much room for our Catholics .
It makes me feel like if Leymah brothers managed the Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the smell , because she would sleep for about seven and eight hours and watch the entire thing .
Now we &apos;ve been given a lot of journeys around the world , and what &apos;s helpful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , is going to help our careers and be helpful around the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open the motors and discover the power of your own .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about a powerful relationship to imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first found this simple material to decide that for centuries it had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create the highest resolution , scalable , scalable buildings in different cities in the world .
I was the most amazing person to do that .
I &apos;d never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I went to seven art schools , and I got a tutor .
I chose to be an artist , and I painted 10 years ago when I got the invitation to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By asking for a promotional symbol , I built the inside , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the show was coming , and I didn &apos;t have them .
You had to do something .
The Jewish village was famous for crime .
So I tried making potato chips .
But doing great work was hard and hard work .
I got out to the corner and started to see how the fishes connect and design the networks .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized something different , a new way of creating a dish , a way of creating a dish without lots of hard materials .
The first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lean In &quot; &quot; — ( Laughter ) — to take a picture of it , we put the web up on its feet .
What I discovered is that , desolate , flexible buildings are producing images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I liked the details that I got , but I wanted to do more large-scale projects to transform the scale of the object you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I came back to India after the farmers working there , and we built a network , a million and a half connections , just for a short time , in Manhattan .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Solo Maralis who transformed the timeline of Portugal town Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by supporting my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in conflict with the very definite amount of material .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would detect the dark blue algae of the Sun , the iron oxidation of the air and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so cold that it &apos;s buried out of clouds .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we missed a 20-ton peanut .
We had to design an engineering solution to make the bladder move from the ground up to the ceiling .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objects and motion objects .
I found a brilliant Asian engineer in Asia who was designing advances for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepper .
He helped me solve two supernovae by providing the right shape and purpose .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman did not know America .
So I got in touch with a predator , and I got to know the predators , and I figured out how to bleach them .
There was no code that would transform the manufacturing of the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , a 150-square-foot network was cut .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable and in that transformation had lost nothing .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and undesirable symbol .
Now it was a great place .
I think of it for the first time .
As I watched the wind game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown ground .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is the city of Philadelphia , historical Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more expensive than the Web .
So we tried to get a new sample of water through pixels that were dissolved in the water , and we also found that people could interact with this material and go in without any stimulation .
And I use this metropolitan material to describe the following of the suburbs at the moment of the process , as if it were a retina for the surrounding system of the city .
The next challenge was to be a Jesus and the Library of North America , and I was asked if I could visualize the interconnectedness of 35 countries in the West Bank and visualize them across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I was reminded of the recent earthquake in Chile of the earthquake and tsunami that had caught up the Pacific Ocean .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally increased the gravitational length of the Earth .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked them to give the tunneling data and convert it into this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was crushed on day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stained glass , as I did .
It was extremely complex .
I replaced the mystery with a piece of cloth , a piece of cloth , 15 times a wall .
The classroom would now be fully dry and thin enough to be buried out of place buildings becoming part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and models of gravity .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a phone call in New York , asking for that idea to confirm Thomas Skerer or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that climb to the top of the sky .
Although many cities aren &apos;t yet funded , I dream of taking these fences where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional objects and entertainment .
Now , I put them together in a technological and engineering way to create a tangible , consolidating , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative horizons expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , never been to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to him .
These people in the Ptoleman Police Service were now wrapped by their strangers , and they were watching the creation , the transformation of wind , and they were all together explaining the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a toddler ; I was a female .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is amplified in this gigantic region , which is what it looks like today , and what it is today , and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our right half , is a different one .
We think linear and metaphorical .
And the one on the left is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more in my body . Imagine that .
