Until recently , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea pointing out , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this part of this — this is a blog created by Dr. Miller at the beginning of this year — and he was a computer programmer in science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that this is how they write , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; There I was dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked him that when my body finally passed away from the death penalty , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this activated website became more powerful . &quot; &quot; Because Mill was a journalist , his brain was probably better written and more sensitive , but in fact , all of us are creating a device that &apos;s so different from what &apos;s been edited before .
Let &apos;s take a moment .
In fact , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
200 million numbers are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case is they &apos;ll be making some pictures and economic clips , or a pattern that goes into a button .
And we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital device that will eventually stay hungry for many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to share with you a picture of what the present and the future will be like .
Now we already know some of the services that are created to help us decide what is going to be with our hidden profiles and social media accounts after our death .
One of them found me quite famous when I was in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
It allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for your loved ones , with videos , with photos and narratives that may come after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Row , who showed last month that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic videos .
So that the ability of cars to understand human language and to process large amounts of data has been improving , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of simplicity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs that we create in large numbers .
I think that in some time , our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , through all the acknowledgment that we create , and through technology , we can make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Diction , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you write to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the outcomes can be very happy .
You can imagine what it would look like to have something like five , 10 , 10 years later , the improvement of our technology skills .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as people .
But what if these robots can communicate to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the account of hundreds of thousands of pieces that man has created in his life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN held a cocktail of music to their studio , Andron Coup interview .
What if we could use this technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually quite similar to the entire account that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the technologies that we &apos;re using are rapidly expanding .
Now , in fact , what we all need to think about is : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the boundary of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in space technology .
My friend is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of everything we do .
HE : One minute .
Let &apos;s wait for a minute to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece of content — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave the video behind . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what he brought with him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the wind .
And this is happening in our daily lives .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and that &apos;s when our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something universal — something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has a problem , a lot of problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 square-foot kite wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first picture of a computer .
When we continue to sequence the encing , the puzzle goes down , it &apos;s written here by 0600KO78RUS : The doodle is written in the lower part of the code .
As a survey . This is no use .
Learning to understand meaning .
As a result , I started Googling .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are a couple of Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is a city called Scotsburg .
Copyright : You can find this in some mobile phones , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to Shekhar .
And after a lot of research , we finally discovered this WEB website . This guy , this guy , worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he writes his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his accident , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is doing it .
Marcedos S6,V126 million motors , over 400 vibrations . For 20 children in Scotsburgh , this is a family car .
As I learned about this machine .
Because there was writing about the machine .
He &apos;d been arrested .
It &apos;s in the center of Sanskrit .
He &apos;d broken the car . He &apos;d broken the car . He &apos;d broken the photos of his blog .
( Laughter ) Here &apos;s his Mercedes — there &apos;s Ladies Somara , who &apos;s kidnapped . You can see the Prime Minister of the United States .
It ends at 78RUS if you look at the picture .
That &apos;s the prime minister of marketing : 0600 KO78RUS . Now I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime did go wrong ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t go so well .
The vast majority of doodles .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
It &apos;s often a resource . It doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . That &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmably programmable , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
The PLC , the little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of the building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet builds one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math industry , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , such as electricity , obviously we depend on computers . And it really creates .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
So architecture predicts that we can work when things aren &apos;t even there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about thinking about storage , thinking about everything that matters .
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s in your hands .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason , I &apos;m the future of the Web .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;ll tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t deal with it , we &apos;re going to lose everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need more generosity , more international .
We &apos;re going to invent these online criminals — these organized groups that are feeding millions of them — and this is more important than official .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering people and , more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the people who are good .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I want to introduce you first to this , but it only takes two minutes to change your body .
But before that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love the language of the body , and the character .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that have occurred during the siege , the inexhaustible silences , the worldwide faces , or keeping our eyes tightly apart , all the time , the common gestures .
First of all , here they are .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , our sociologists call it non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about connection .
There are enough principles to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and false beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the most important circumstances of life , such as taking people to cooperate , or bringing them to the front , or to the front .
For instance , Nelson Amis , who studied at the University of Texas , discovered that when people look at the medicine for 30 seconds at a time , when they see the real intersection of a single doctor and a patient , their doctor &apos;s love will be saved from their doctor &apos;s approval , which is , no .
And so they have to be smart , right ?
Our ideas , our feelings and our organizations are at the heart of this .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and it was unexpected that I would start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the unfulfilled notions of power and generosity .
How do you think that gender is incomplete in terms of power and authority ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
It &apos;s getting bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessica Thries has studied this sentence , known as pride and discovery .
Hands are writing us , in short , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what it looks like to have a strong and empowering meeting .
When we stand in a position of empowerment and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I watch the movement of my students in the audience , and I see that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
As others die , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions for that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly allowed to compare themselves to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because value is so restricted to participation .
Business schools have been struggling to solve this gene .
I started to wonder , for instance , that college adopts these people who participate in class .
There is a prediction : yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat , the boy has to cheat with his teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit happier .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can we change the behavior of our bodies ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are brains and muscles different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are more comfortable , more self-confident and better .
They really think it &apos;s going to come out of the closet , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in fact , and that changes in behavior can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do that for a minimal amount , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit down or stop .
So here &apos;s the human skeleton .
You shut it down .
It &apos;s beating .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s just two minutes and it &apos;s already happening .
And here &apos;s what happened to the corruption .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not just on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
We think you can use that kind of imagery when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s exactly what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , no facial expression is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Lafterwards is it .
So the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or experiment conditions .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And that &apos;s exactly what the conductor did .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
The answer was , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on sabbatical .
I &apos;d gotten out of the car a few times .
Power comes in the brain stem , in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was exhausted from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished chocolate .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really did . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five years of college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his life .
It can shape until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way until you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Take it for so long that it hasn &apos;t become a part of you yet .
I want to add more .
Small pulses can make big changes .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Raise your levels of testosterone , lower the cortex level .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people learn .
One billion people are exhausted from clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of synthetic circumstances .
Some million die from AIDS / AIDS .
And it &apos;s continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and therefore this question is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what is the problem solving first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , preventable diseases , disabilities , education , financial independence , government and corruption , foreign intelligence , social institutions and water , and social and external organs .
We think religions are among the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it doesn &apos;t make people focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we all die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What matters is not the culture of the problem , but the culture of the solution .
In that case , of course , this makes the situation even more complicated .
Climate change needs to be solved by the response of Citizen .
An infectious disease must be solved by the network of hospitals and mosques .
Companies use U.N. power plays and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — to write what you think about the major transitions .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember that we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you &apos;ll also talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there should be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems and some of the most intractable solutions .
This is an amazing part of the process , and , of course , I mean , I &apos;d love to — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure that you &apos;ll have this kind of analysis , please think about , how do we actually define borders ?
And of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t such an exhibition ever been done ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more signals that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to create this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , that any kind of culture decides , and of course we continue to divert the first one from the second one , but inevitably it would be harder than that if we actually did something about it and follow it and talk about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is that we actually , for a long time , have made a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you one big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grasses .
For example , you ask a question , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pipeline , right ?
He wanted to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is what Coopernican did .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the world &apos;s top economists , three psyches per area .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
It &apos;s also in infectious diseases .
Three major experts around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in March of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The college at Cambridge made a fabulous decision to call them Robert McHoute of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very well understood .
And what they did was , in essence , a set of superpowers .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two attacks are , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do the crazy job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet too , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there were bad programs , meaning programs where you had a dollar investment that led to lower income .
There &apos;s medium , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here from the very best programs .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the show .
A lot of people shouldn &apos;t have worried about this , and this is probably one of the cases that people say I can &apos;t come back to the screen later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s quite interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have a disagreement with what you &apos;re talking about .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , simply because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this is not a big deal .
The only thing we can do with this question is very little and very spectacular .
They &apos;re basically showing us the middle class of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citizen Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It runs twice the Gulf of the Developing World in order to develop the world .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will be 2100 , only six years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh , who stands before 2100 at risk of hydrogen , can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little bit better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money getting nothing .
As a comparison , the United Nations actually estimated that half of this money , roughly 75 billion dollars a year , could solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very negative ?
Or perhaps making an incredible amount of money out of that .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not simply our first problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter everyone — things like heart disease , health care , primary health services — despite getting a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is incredibly important .
It can do good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , it gives us this idea that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good programs , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
Here , I want to show you the four cultures that should be solving the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria : battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Court can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars over the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of a billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunity to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in both the global warming issue as well .
The third is open-source .
The common model , if we can get to the far east and particularly lower suicide in the United States and in the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half of the world &apos;s second world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very quickly , over two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very important tools to solve the food problem , particularly in the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population are made up of cotton , silk , DNA and Vietnamese .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem properly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars over the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases of operation .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different ways of combating HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is treatment : treatment prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put in the first place .
And the treatment is much lower than prevention .
So this basically tells us that we can do much more by investing in improving programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do a good thing with X number , healing and 10 times better , predicting .
And again , we &apos;d rather be focused on prevention as well as treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at your expectations and say , are you right to build it ?
Or are you coming here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just to make the point that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These kinds of problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Sillinger , one of the members of our dream team , is a very good thing to shape ...
People are getting upset that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people are getting richer and richer .
Even the most chaotic predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they will be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we would be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping the birth of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help people in Britain right now that we really need help and we can help with very little clients ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like an expectation , like a rich Chinese , like everyone , or a Congolese , like 2100 people , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is that they have helped me to deal with climate change a little bit , and really didn &apos;t care about my grandmother , or the grandmother , who could have helped me develop a lot more
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; Afterwards Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I don &apos;t want to see it anymore , but I don &apos;t expect that Emerry is going to pick Brad Pitt up to his next movie in Tanzania to attempt a snake or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not a movie clip .
So I think in many ways the Copernican Convention and the whole discussion of diversity addresses some of the most pressing issues .
So we can realize that this is not for us to feel good .
It &apos;s to create the foundation for the media &apos;s attention , not for the media &apos;s attention , but for creating the foundation for better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering options somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t seem like we &apos;re on the road to all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that , if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , go with it and think about the best of centuries .
I just mentioned briefly : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two ways : they need to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the boundaries of marketing , and so did they , and proposed their own propositions .
And what was really interesting was that the symptoms were the same : in the first place , the problems of disease and the climate change were the same .
We did the same thing multiple times .
There were lots of other symptoms , and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we have to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what is important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to collect more people , and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Play the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do this kind of work with big spending , not with the kind of stuff we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make really powerful programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if we do things and we
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better limit cultures and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Ellen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were youth and partners , and so we picked the path that runs across national boundaries and national debt , in short order , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in rural Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me .
In the first place , the proton is the perfect print .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the signs that we see that the Chinese hero is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s looking at me for a few seconds , and then she starts laughing , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the grandmother &apos;s room . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we do when it happens , and what does that tell us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m a violent career like this , but actually I have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least pretend to think that we can be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human form , generally , is false , it &apos;s normal .
But when the hero comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , at this point in time , are theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present , we vote in present times .
In fact , we all live our lives , hidden in a tiny bubble of our own right .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that problematic ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to violate that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative act that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authenticity ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Crazy , bad .
Shake . Okay , great .
Terrific , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one more question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The assumption that you are wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like , for example , the Chinese heroes wrong with me .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where a bright cartoonist always continues , but never gets to a rock .
Maltese is in almost every part of the movie , and there &apos;s a moment when the propeller escapes the fly and the fly escapes the butterfly , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and it can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And this is what &apos;s funny , but when you &apos;re six years old , the caregiver doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that time , she was walking .
When we get it wrong , we haven &apos;t really understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go through my talk a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one of the reasons , structural reasons , is that we have to stay within the consensus of our own authority .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , because it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us insist on the right to always be right , and it &apos;s about the culture of our society .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is doing surveillance work , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a straw , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know exactly what you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so as you become nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are the foundations of accountability , and second of all , that achieving success in life is a huge error .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad class .
And many of us , and I would say that many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , hero .
I &apos;m always saying , &quot; &quot; A leader , a theoretical , a marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and mathematicians .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , smart , hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman called Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He &apos;s disappointed , the surgeon takes his job , puts him in paintings and puts him in his room for safety .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body in the wrong way ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s placed on her wrong side because the surgeon has surgered her left arm , instead .
When the hospital director gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our assumption that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest is the belief that we all have frequent , trustworthy debates for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do things like , for example , extracting over 750 million light bulbs of oil or displacing the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what justice means all the time .
It means that your beliefs fully ignore reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way , by making a lot of metaphorical predictions .
First of all , when someone brings out his discomfort , we just assume he &apos;s invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the numbers of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right speech .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they decide to hide it for their absolute goals .
So , this is terrible .
To be honest , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , which makes us do something horrible with each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brains are like a transparent wall , and we look out that window and we draw life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine each other being in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
A thousand years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Again , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
He understood that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can ignore or lose .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other species , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer to that .
I think the search for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of times about this messaging called this American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;ve lost .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structure .
And the following is , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but instead there is something else going on . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Rah Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our clients , are going to tell those stories .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , disruptive attacks and dramatic relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but instead there &apos;s something else going on .
George Burke thought he was going to invest in Iraq , finding a devastating devastation , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she became very old or diseased and transmitted the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girl in school , and grow up with kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I must tell you that I thought I was writing a very lovely book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible emphasis of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvement ?
Because half of it , all the wonderful things that had to change the world , TED , 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work that way . ( Laughter )
And what is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
This conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee found himself in a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi May Kamen , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prime Ministry .
Nazi was originally suicidal for that murder , but at the same time , he and other people started planning taboos in dozens of New York City , including kidnappers , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by an NGO worker .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Coast didn &apos;t respond .
The newspaper eventually got involved in intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and teacher who were trying to make me a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any kind of citizen , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means for others to live like them .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the first day of Hurricane , he and his friends were going to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that I was going to go with them the next morning .
We got to a place called Caltranto , which was largely ignored by the GDP of our group .
When my hero came home , my father helped me to save my son and explain how to treat the army for about 30 neurons .
That day , the last flashlight that I &apos;d flipped on was a little light on the top of the lottery , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was blown away .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; Your father is rude . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed so much about that event , but only a few years later I totally understood what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , finally , was convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of pedestrian traffic on the south pole of the International Space Station , which killed six men and more than 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called marriages , which means tomorrow .
Before I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was constantly an adventurer .
I hired myself a doodle so that I wouldn &apos;t be a doctor , but apparently , being a brilliant new kid was more teenager in the classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
And because of that , I had a degree of social skills , and growing up in a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in California .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a storyteller , this was something I was much more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a friend of mine .
It took me several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a dear friend , and honestly , I felt an honor that I could eradicate the paradox that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental document came along when I found a member of the company in Bureau of Prague in entertainment .
There , I would submit to people of different faiths and cultures , and that trial has led to an effect in my development of nature .
I &apos;ve learned that comparison is a man , and frankly , all drugs have an explicit effect .
This object gave me the opportunity to work with drug dealers in the short run , and I soon found out that many of them are the most vulnerable , the least educated people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handful of handcuffs , I was creating a feeling of compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat people differently than I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to confront graphs that were taught in my childhood through real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s given my strength .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be with me on my planet , and he helped me understand that human race , religious or sexual partnership had nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own upbringing father , which he didn &apos;t lose .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I would keep in my heart till I was alive .
He looked at me with a naked eye , a man with enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; &quot; What ?
At that moment , I realized how much expensive energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
My real name is Mary .
I changed it when my family decided to let go of a relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that somebody who &apos;s related to violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the inevitable idea , but I wasn &apos;t the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terror , terror , malaria .
I do that for the army of terrorism , and for their loved ones , for terrible pain and loss , which led to terrorism in their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk about these unintended actions , and I &apos;m going to share with you my latest acts .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stop here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and the child doesn &apos;t have to follow the pattern .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
It represents what they &apos;re learning .
It matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re listening .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to make their living out of the water .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer products to the possibility of restoring our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If disability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system , and it accepts our relationship to the ocean as a resource to enable us to engage the ocean and extend its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The documentary evidence that the standard method for most people in the world is very common , these are tools .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , go to the screen , stay away from the screen , think about going back before the screen .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We can &apos;t make this happen , continuously , if we measure the success of this by changing the frequency of the species including the brain and the red image .
But what if we eat just green ink ?
Here &apos;s a typical Thunnus alpha male wound up in a non-threatened fashion .
It was rooted in brutality .
It &apos;s good for pigs . It &apos;s big money and it &apos;s good for the local economy .
But that &apos;s a cause , the head nurse .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Am I the size of a 450 letter ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
And the bottom line is we need to have a hypothesis , a policy framework .
For example , I heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are useful for the heart .
That &apos;s great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
By the way , we have a predictive problem .
We &apos;ve lost a sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is that we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by embracing otherness .
And we hide that value under the income of the cycle .
So the meaning of feedback is that it matters what we need .
The biggest number can be presented , not by Joe , not by Philippines or by Gordon , but by Goly Girnet .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is a new color .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that broccoli can make a new connection .
We have to keep eating the best foods if we &apos;re eating them , of course .
But we have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part of the surveillance feature is that it &apos;s halfway through — a series of tubes and concentrations .
It was filled with a 142 lithium pipe filled with Dijon bag and a box filled with sticky notes and quinoa filled with sticky notes and rusty broccoli so dense and sweet , a little bit of carbon and a little bit of seaweed with a Japanese sandwich wich .
Oh my God .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And what &apos;s great is that all of these components are accessible to all the families that live in the world around Wormwood .
Jimmy Oliver is fighting to save America from the times we currently eat .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans in the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget the medical symptoms . We need to be afraid of the war .
We destroy the Earth , and then we begin to use the food that we create by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is something , but the fun reality is that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are literally leading the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always assumes that a shell is not worrying about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean that we need to be careful about it in our minds .
There &apos;s a little environmentally frightening guy .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground of sorry restaurants to feed the pristine environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Healthy food for the heart is critical for restorative food .
Before we lower public policies , media calls for more public use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to one another if we invest more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our ancestors .
As a fast cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to cut emissions in mines .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start to buy tickets and pieces because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People have spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less expected .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They got healthier . I built more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has also shown in the structure of the human spirit .
Another thing we did was that we started multiplying various types of representatives : small fluctuations , anarchs , fungi , synergies .
The team , the media , the police , the guerrillas , the Taliban , were the general forms of the alphabet .
We &apos;re directing weights towards more density , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
This is what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big headlines , those models , the green wants , that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very much like any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram .
Take the meaning . Take the fish in four parts .
Put them in four corners .
Take these four apples with a prison uniform and then open up the best garden in Bangladesh , seven apples and tunnels .
Think about the possibility of eating this .
Please join your friends and neighbors and repeat the age once , maybe .
I have a lot of food stamps .
I study health and happiness and family and community .
I think producing components , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
I was lucky enough to be a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire facility , and they were dealing with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brine .
Until today , I used to eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a restaurant that &apos;s wearing a meal .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a spectrum .
It &apos;s terrible .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about the situation of our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that maybe the greatest burden of all time that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Instead , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , slow , exciting things that I don &apos;t see anymore .
For my family , I look for contradictions that are born beyond my own personal history .
And for the community , we start from scratch .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the globalized world that we call the process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start contributing , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save the fish .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how it became part of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , Singer .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation for HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robben was arrested .
Here I am with Jesus United States , one of the most amazing moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come to the World Cup , where he was going to spend a lot of time in front of the world champagne , standing beside his previous battlefield .
And here you see the window plays .
It was a huge event for everybody .
During that moment , the World Cup revealed that there was a real disproportionality going on in her country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in this developing world , and that there were more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has a direct effect on women .
So I did this when I left Africa , when I left Cambridge , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need to be serving my goal . &quot; &quot; And so , following that , I participated in every form of 4664 that I was present to — I looked at Mamluk Pictures , I looked at interviews , I used most of them as a musician to bring me full circle of Madeira and the unconstrained circumstances of her efforts to her side .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world expands Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , the country , the country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS infections ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what happened there , they &apos;ll just collapse .
I was very , very lucky to meet Mr. Action two years later , who is the founder of the treatment Action Campaign , the founder of the unimaginable part of the engine and activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 mediums .
He was wearing this kind of sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this little girl is like being in a wheelchair , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be dependent . I went to the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a study done by ordinary people , who are 80 percent of the participants , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV epidemiologists .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live in a straightforward situation .
They have education programs .
They are answering questions associated with the blindness .
It &apos;s actually quite opposite .
And yes , my Singer programmer backs the Treatment Action Campaign , and through that I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
The vast majority of the funding that I &apos;ve been able to get was to go right up to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobby for the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my Singer cyclist .
In the Silk Road , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Hong Kong , trying to make people own money .
I was able to play in Hyun-Sook primarily among middle-aged sub-Saharan African audiences who finally got excited , because I use the Minister &apos;s film that really touches the heart of this devastating alternative , and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to cheat , because they &apos;re motivated , and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
His name was Mowgli , who is now the president of the health care system , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly able to make a difference in the environment that was so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the poster child of the HIV epidemic in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African American Embassy kids that I just love .
And just like these kids , they are and when , because their parents have been HIV-infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidwich , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , the big surprise was that Miguel invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the HIV epidemic at UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speeching skills to expand my scope .
The message that UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard right now is that we want to effectively dispense the HIV / AIDS virus from a mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is HIV-positive , and we beat , because we are both very confident , because we believe that this young woman gets treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can care about the child that she &apos;s about to bring about the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing maternal child transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of viruses in the very beginning of life .
And this is exactly what we need to do with AIDS epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
This is Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell everybody his story because he &apos;s one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been abused by HIV / AIDS .
Ella &apos;s mother was infected with HIV . She died of AIDS .
Ella was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she had already witnessed the atrocities that were being expressed in AIDS , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in East Cooper , and we had a full-time baby after her , just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see them .
They built a special feedback loop for a girl who was following and advising her .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was going to go to the hospital , because we photographed his story , whether he would win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional event that kept a memory in us , this baby , you know , had her story .
Five months later , we went back to Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that awesome ?
( Applause ) This distribution of events is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you to consider , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get nutrition and effective health care , and you believe in the developing world of the United States , particularly in the Third and Third World , which all governments in the world need to be fully developed — Ethiopia , I want to ask you to please .
I think I would be right if I told you that nearly all of the people in this audience stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Very light . Excellence is a wonderful way to go a step further than reality , and it allows us to do everything today that science has at the dawn of creation .
As a child , I &apos;m bringing together the ages of curiosity and science in order for you to feel for yourself the uses of technology in the future .
You &apos;ve all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re buying the street and the world you &apos;re seeing is bringing in information : landscapes , lights , buildings , maybe even one day in the street .
Here &apos;s my mental workload .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the roof , you actually transmit the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in citizens , in the middle section somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The recording is ready . The recording is over .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , I say it has four different notes : love , green , yellow and gray .
Computers are among the top managers who are separated in a different way .
Now , some people think four numbers represent four-year sentences .
E : Oink , oink , oink and ... Voice : My favorite feature is noise . MT : Yeah , yeah .
Your death is like a magic trick . It &apos;s a cooling trick , when heat turns into a symmetry , the water turns off , and then everything disappears .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the light on one .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful endeavors of the mind .
MT : There are two colors in the toy .
Here &apos;s the shape and the shape that underpins the night and the near transition .
Voice : Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MM : And one of the tricks that the toy had 52 cards , as it had 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep it quiet . ( Cheers ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t be real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was at 6 : 00 p.m. was my first birthday , and on that day , I traveled all over the world — growing happiness by bringing boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers , and even blogs and laptops . ( Applause ) SW : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are entrepreneurs . You
Come on .
Jack . Hi . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MM : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Good luck . Hi , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is invented . MM : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? Should it be nine or five ?
Of course not . It has to be 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean the word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Twenty-seven is a little bit extreme , but of course it works . Some people say growth is a bit of a zero-g . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said , no , no .
Indeed , in Germany there is &quot; &quot; no , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you play a game with a smart player , which is to say good-for-play .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s likely to be 4165 to one .
MT : Yeah , but I think my politicians are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : And so I &apos;m going to leave you with the last and most important toy , which is the politics .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not vital , it &apos;s not . Voice : The card is invented .
T.M. T.s . This is , whatever it is .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the puzzle of making daily glasses .
I was never that tall .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite entertaining .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My students were big , and I was happy to find students — the lives of the elderly , the happiness and the walkability .
When I was a kid , I was actually very embarrassed , incredibly insecure and totally terrified , from people who were afraid , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing up the semester , I would go back when it started singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I had many times before , when suddenly I heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and the statistics were there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reconstruct everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t either different or unusual or even hopeful for some time , although I noticed that the sound was changing , and it was occasionally improving my own feelings .
So , for example , if I was published and had to hide what I was doing frequently , being able to hold my emotions in , then the sound would go away .
A bit of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear sounds and the fact that I believed that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And to be honest , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For instance , I was a graduate student who was interviewing news at the university , and at a meeting with a psychiatrist who was very late , said , &quot; &quot; Hi , Dr. , I have to go .
This was the moment when things started to expand .
From the beginning of the patient , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , I was diagnosed with a deep sense of hopelessness and awareness around me and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful than reflecting it .
This was at that time , essentially , representing a kind of relative action in my own mind — a sort of spiritual political war — and this led to a lot of the sounds that were going to be temporary and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle for fear , despair , uncertainty and uncomprehension , and it was a struggle in which I felt unimportant and unable to contribute to a level of peace and skill .
Two years later , the test was completely negative .
Until now , I had a full-time repertoire : terrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and conforming images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and despair , it seems to me that somebody had died at that time , until somebody else was saved .
A wretched and paralyzed man began that journey , but the man who had arrived was kidnapped and ultimately became the man who had lucky me to be .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used to help people .
I know Elizabeth will have his disease .
You know , sometimes the mother is lying , but the whole month is coming . &quot; &quot; For four minutes , it &apos;s not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who were struggling with me and for me , and those who were waiting for me to come back from that miserable , just from space .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so subtle and usable , so the first important step in this sense was to develop a metaphorical sense of how to learn , which I used to think of as a verb .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to reframe myself as my own notion of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , sitting next to my parents one night in the room to protect them against the sounds that I really thought I was feeling .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do one final thing .
Do you know that I have a plastic forger ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By looking at this , I was recently collecting the feedback from my innocent self , by every sound that was expressed in a voice , I was statistically challenged from all medicine to again being psychiatric , just this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Internosia , as part of the international organizational movement of the people listening to you , a presumption that came to mind from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sousa Eisner &apos;s work that perceives sounds like the theory of survival , the normal reaction , rather than the sophisticated recipe of survival , which requires a different kind of discipline to be
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way to evolve .
In other words , social change happens , it becomes awesome .
You can &apos;t get a man who &apos;s proud .
I can &apos;t tell the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created the web in five continents , in 26 countries that have joined together value , unification and law enforcement , in order to create new language and hope that unites trust and power empowers individuals .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s the animal that &apos;s designed with the basic equipment of treatment and this basic quality of mind to use .
In this way , there is no greater leverage and incentive for society than to make it easier for the treatment of the patient to be able to witness , to engage with aid , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are . We are inevitable .
In us , it can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one of the great doctors once told me , &quot; &quot; I am a witness , or somebody else has told you about you .
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photographs .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photography club at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with my earlier interest to paint , but it was slightly different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more sophisticated .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you put a beer on it .
And for me photography means being in the right place at the right time .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the bone .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both dust and colors , but they all have a common goal to keep a secret of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopies .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw images like this , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were somehow possible to photograph them .
It &apos;s a moment to think about the possibility of discovering a little bit .
And this has come up with more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Are the secrets in the details , or are the colors the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s a distance away .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we might call it reality at scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as the pieces of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make another reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something else that is dimensional , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know this is impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this is insignificant .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more real , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve results .
As you can see , these pictures are not so special .
But by combining them we can get images like this .
The first rule was : Combine images should have the same images .
Secondly , the combined images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Secondly , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images and make them without interference .
You have to discover any idea about creating images .
By comparing colors , concentration and light across borders of different photographs , by adding photographs , like , for example , digestion , by mixing colors and magnifying numbers , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same image , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of nets .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) You can see , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only the bottom part .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of all sorts of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So this idea of forgiveness , I knew that I had a couple of months to prepare for me to find various places to get the photo .
For example , this fish was shot during pregnancy .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The part of George was shot in the rock .
And one of the things that I &apos;d like to do is I &apos;ve turned a little red to make it look more spectacular .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with excession , ideas .
So I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
Here we are , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : William , mercy .
It turns out that Wikipedia , your little girl , has published much more sophisticated documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the media around the world are doing so terrible that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than any other monkey in the world can do ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret of the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Britain , to use legal protection .
We get information , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are right , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any way , then we can ignore it .
( Gunshot ) Girl : Whoa !
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If you can see this pattern ...
So this is the first story in Kenya a few years ago .
Can I tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol .
This was a secret study by the government of Kenya in 2004 after the election of 2004 .
Before 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel March , about 18 years old .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds on a conversation that was driving .
And then the government posted it , and as a political solution , it used Mau , who was the wealthiest man , and now is the wealthiest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic program .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we had that conversation , it was three days after the event that a new president , Kepler , decides to imagine the man who came out to visit him — Daniel Marshall Moi — and this conversation was principally accompanied by the president of Kiribati .
CA : And to cut a long story short , Kenya &apos;s talk has talked about not the counterfeit rather than the counterfeit , but rather the counterfeit , and you think it &apos;s really the result of the election .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headquarters , and then it was posted across all the countries around Kenya , in the provinces of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that Kenyan &apos;s mother spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic interpretation , which changed the outcome of choice .
CA : So the information that you &apos;re talking about has changed the world profoundly ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
It &apos;s longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong piece of paper , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a letter that they gave them a hug .
I look at your object , now , it has about four numbers on it , so , my friend .
It &apos;s free . It &apos;s good . It &apos;s cheating .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re hungry . Come on .
Stop .
Well , again .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
Then — dotcom fever , dotcom fever , dotcom fever .
We need to move now .
Well , we did a little intervention .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Zew , this is Kyoto , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go ahead , Cool . Okay , there we go . I hide them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two warriors to Bach to study a little more detailed story .
This is just the first of three statements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 psychologists die in that comparison , right ? That seems to be both Ruters &apos; work .
JA : There you go . From two rollers , two little boys dropped .
Over 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this explanation became a cultured hero .
What was the real reason for emotion ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see men walking down the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter drop in the air , and 30 miles in diameter , dropping all the way around , finding each type of wall to do that , and killing people in the air .
And there were two programmers there who simply weren &apos;t there because it was their full-time job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manju , has been blessed , and it seems to me that he has been profoundly honored with this video , as well as about 280,000 registered U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we were betting that we got those kinds of telescopes .
He was arrested about five days ago in the hands of 150,000 telephones and in the 50 &apos;s .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Reconciliation earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was from a famous audience .
CA : If you were to get the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , you &apos;d have thousands of DVDs .
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) CA : Huh . ( CA : Ready ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art is , the real destruction of human rights in these governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So what is your philosophy , in general ?
Why is it that the sequencing of the secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend an economic life cycle to cover information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are best known for it , parents know it , work to cover it .
And that &apos;s what we see in experimentation . And that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t it really about the individuals who are involved or who are involved , for the vast majority of society , that speech can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our exquisite materials , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
So we have a policies of negative illness .
We have a special way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your physician — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re dealing with discoveries that tell us the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , is a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve described something that someone has had a specific attack to communicate .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the possibility — it leaves the possibility , around the world , that the U.S. military are human beings .
Actually , it doesn &apos;t . My son &apos;s not . How do you think ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think about how they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t there any way to find a secret for yourself to navigate through your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victorian advice .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they &apos;re famous , it &apos;s a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to continue our blindness , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like to know , based only on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing what TEDsters think .
You know , there could be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the hero of the client who brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous crowd , Julian , a gorgeous crowd .
You have to try a little bit . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re doing it .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a daily basis , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so much .
And we got a call from a random , computational analysis of the event that said that , in fact , security agencies from some interest , a lot of amateur companies were actually going to sit there and support them .
And that part of the alpha government had to do with it , etc . , etc .
And there was nothing written about it at the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the shell companies are trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The powder looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) She said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the story ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in the paper ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this questionnaire where the man &apos;s name was written in the journal Michael Ward .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
This is one of our methods , for example , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of computational power and engineering efforts .
And that &apos;s why our exhibitions have become rarer in the last few months , because we are rewarding systems for the extraordinary social interest that we have .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization grows , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and what that means is that we get a tremendous amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to constantly process this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly a reader &apos;s license , and there &apos;s a programmer &apos;s license ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and therefore we have to reconfigure how you have people who engage with the highest national security , and then with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different courses .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were thrown out of the wall , so the two hemispheres ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a symptom of paranoid development .
JA : What is a film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a programmer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
It has to be felt with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this time , most of it is used by the rice match to buy your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you break them down a little bit and maybe in your life some way that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , by the way , most people don &apos;t make steel , they feed them sand .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and another acceptance , from the older people who have lived my life .
CA : And by the way , what kind of people in the world did they want to create ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and therefore , food is not my thing , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to get rid of it , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that has been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just to give you a sense of the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service provided that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yeah , this is a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the biggest thing .
Her bank account was the percentage of the economy left in the GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re talking to Holly last year .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it came out , and as the movie said , the press released , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site during that time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this was never going to happen , and as a result , with some political activists in Iceland and other international legal professionals , we set up a new type of legislation bill for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful press in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that matter , Norway can benefit from the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang is going to hit us more , will there be more secrets , or will we be following the Big Bang , or should all of that be in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure if I &apos;m going to make the case .
That is , there is a huge gap between the legislation and the legislation of freedom of speech in the United States , China and the United States .
What &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And we live in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only a little bit of effort that we can move around and around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , by saying , Julian , was tough and strong and strong .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always Amy .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting budgets and stories , which are 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very vivid on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not a golfer , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artwork .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new technologies .
So we created a wonderful number , a number of wonderful people , and we started working .
Let me show you the detail , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all the details here .
Here &apos;s the Sufi master , the contemporary art gallery , the Iron Age , Ridge and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my latest postcard in New York City .
There are two brands to stay with . It &apos;s very expensive .
Put this in there , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can burst into heaven , move around .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware and bring it in .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Go ahead and look at the pictures .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t yet gotten to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this currency .
If the wall gave us those pictures , you can stick on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things on the picture .
This guy is walking out , his face is awkward .
But then the desire to get the picture closer together .
And I started researching this , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I spoke to a couple of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called chocolate , and in the meantime , children sleep close to home on Tuesday evening .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so we &apos;re going away so you can see how they actually approached .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art , again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features of the night from Australia , the example I showed you , just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We put pictures in , like we put them in a picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to get to the grandchildren .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo yet .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Transit .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big home or not .
You can create your own network , these pictures of yourself .
Very expensive , as you can imagine , we created something called the power to magnify the image . You can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Nazis .
You can take paperwork and send it to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an exception , the most exciting thing for me is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from vacations .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
that these are the great pictures that we &apos;ve been given .
It was my experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we shortly translate the work of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Have you ever built this yourself to replicate the burden ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply encourages you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsive .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write pages , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction , and some of the supernatural things that are called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circuit , and in my talk you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Sarasburg , a rural family in France .
Soon my parents got divorced from each other and I returned to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the late 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by numerous families where fathers were running the family , and so I grew up watching my mother &apos;s prenatal environment .
In fact , I grew up teaching two kinds of women .
My mother was , on the one hand , a good education , a global , time-consuming , marginalized woman .
And my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but more spiritual , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be in the bush and get amazing images of her husband , without her eyes .
Many of them would go to my grandmother with heavy Pushion muscles on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would have words in Arabic , she would take a red jacket and shovel it with the grass as much as they wanted to get out of the bathroom .
And then , one more time , he was in a starfish farm .
A week later , the patient came to see her .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk about this in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who were struggling with my grandmother had a magical problem , I didn &apos;t see that she was struggling .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of the toilet ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many of the classes that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous teacher , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s artificial or artificial or human spirit , you have to surround it with immediate walls .
And I &apos;m going to break it down .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a family , and we make a nation and a lecture .
But if we had nothing to do with the virtuous worlds that we were left with , then we could have killed the threat of fourth .
Our persistence was gone . Our hearts were gone . Our humanity was cheating if we stayed quiet for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our friends , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a light bulb , or they run off the wall so they can cover the image on the side .
It &apos;s an old marshmallow , based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to open up after a very long time .
Through the documentation , people like the faces that live in communities are at the greatest risk in the globalized world over time .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — favelas and conservatives , gestures and beliefs , neighborhoods and favelas , in the West and in Europe .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the appearance , and then we &apos;re going to look at people who are describing other stars .
I think the only cultured density of this culture is through the art of reaction .
Stories can &apos;t break borders , but they can manifest disclosures in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can actually navigate and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to save a law ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental illness .
I was telling stories of the house , which was always good , but I was telling my girlfriend what was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful skills and asking for insights when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing before my daily discoveries and feelings .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible thing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to me was more self-organizing than transcendence to other lives , but possibilities .
I &apos;m going to suggest to you a little bit about this : I &apos;m going to draw a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop that in a minute .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I went from this tiny , unequal , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged , middle-aged state school where I was just absent .
I first came across this concept of the &quot; &quot; disabled representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various nations , and yet this diversity did not correspond to colonoscopies , in our classroom with equal citizenship .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was seen not as individual , but as representative .
We were kind of a little bit like the United Nations , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exclusive moments that happened with people &apos;s homes of freedom or faith .
This kid , or this kid , used to be kind of a business-as-usual thing , and he would get into a fight .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was growing up in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of men in my nation who were murdering the homeless Peru and the war in Turkey , in Eurasia .
( Laughter ) That day , I was constantly in class and dreaming of becoming oil .
There I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Sunday , and I was wondering if I &apos;d gone into a sunburn every day because they thought that all the rains were masters of the Earth , and they were amazed that I had to start branching my head from age .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , cynics and headquarters .
After Spain we moved to Jordan , Germany and Aicha again .
I felt like my balance was the only thing I could move with .
The stories brought me to be focused , sustainability and success — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Stamble , a town that I kept .
I lived in many , many , many environments where I wrote some of my pieces .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , the eye had this kind of gnawing feeling inside me .
We had a local court , an old man who never sells a shoe from a soul , never spoke to the shoe store .
He was sitting next to a translator who had a long and quiet hair and a widow of athletes pounding down and down on his father &apos;s side .
I saw how this man had opened the door of the sandwich and surrounded him . This picture of the Greek earthquake is still in my mind : a conservative warrior , and a passionate translator sitting on a table .
Death and destruction make our country &apos;s difference , and we &apos;re all united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have that kind of impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but by reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildscapes , and we &apos;re leaving behind in the window and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe we &apos;re meeting with .
A little bit later , I started growing a cholera in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more than a global change , not a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , not a forger , not a forger , not a forger , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; In language , I have the opportunity to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in a very poetic and emotional way , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and moral to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living constantly and positively .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we are less expressed , because there is a great co-religion between thoughts and speech .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can be a lie .
This is what I discovered in Boston : extinction is very prevalent .
At that time , my grandmother , who had been tracking my whole life , grew up in his thoughts , was that I was married soon , so I could go to one place , and always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Samuel , I began to transform lives in Arizona and in Zimbabwe . These two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a chef , physically or emotionally .
Stories constantly conduct me , keeping all of my participants and memories together , acting like an existential salmon .
As much as I &apos;m a serious storyteller , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or not they perceive history as more than historic .
I &apos;d like you to think about it all together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight by a writing editor .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; she said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one shape , and there &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the foreign characters were more prone than the targets , but I understood what my counterparts were looking for .
And I also learned that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
He was looking for a woman in the book because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread and transcend and return .
Many boys feel this anxiety , but the Old Testament feels more like that .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you &apos;ll notice that you &apos;re writing stories about deadly women and you &apos;re choosing a difficult story about deadly women .
Because they expect you to write messages and mouths and typography and circles to your interactive friends .
What I experienced as a child at the University of Manhattan is now in the literature .
People don &apos;t think of themselves as being an independent creator , but they think of themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese boys , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We all expect to have something special if not ordinary .
A researcher named James Baldwin , in 1984 , asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the director tried to impress himself a couple of times that he was a gay author , he looked at him and he said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . I have nothing in my life that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it puts our independence at risk .
There &apos;s a ceremony called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I never forget my first multicultural process in Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey and the other one from Indonesia — as in the Internet , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were combined with our characters .
A lot of cultural boys are expecting to write real stories , not so much balance .
The former function is replicated .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the masterpieces in order to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was stopped from giving feedback to the classroom to my favorite characters .
They were expecting me to write about structural , multi-story , multi-family , seeing women &apos;s eyes .
My story made a difference when I was told .
Some criticized me , others , to write a high appreciation for post-conflict .
Sometimes it was my desire to bring both sides to remind me that it was just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to do my job .
I want to love and grapple the response to the substance of it , rather than what it will get out of it .
Scrappers are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the copy is given . &quot; &quot; The politics of copyright protects us . The narrative is linked .
One is about intimate families .
The other is the details .
One is building boundaries .
And others don &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of self seems to be built out of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
During the Ottoman Embassy , there were these scenes called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to warehouses , storytellers , and they were telling their stories very often by telling them exactly where they were .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice by adding that character .
Everybody could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sounds , media , not death .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Nashadeen &apos;s trucks that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Stories today continue to push back limits .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books of the magazine , and vice versa , combining and taking the story together .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books broke the introverted , messy girl like I was when .
But I &apos;m also very familiar with the threat of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader — from Sami Theresa , the first thing he did was to look at Rumi &apos;s books in the water and see how the trees disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a relationship that I love very much — it &apos;s like having sex .
The leg of the leg is constantly shut down in one place .
And yet , the other leg is constantly in motion , expanding a bright environment .
That &apos;s my response .
Some are surrounded by sweet potatoes in Starbucl , and the rest is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Apple Plan , which has been the Ocean Spotter for over 400 years .
In fact , there is a place called the Jenny refugee camp .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re overwhelmed with things like leaves that do things .
We think of them as toxic mega-products , like water , which is kind of wild and toxic .
But more of these kind of sentences feel like writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disappointment and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I probably write about a deadly woman in my interviews , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book is probably going to write a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are separated from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; What ? &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not always the right way to start .
Real literacy doesn &apos;t matter who we are or what we know , or what we know .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who shape circles with their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of itself , and it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for everyone to live , whether we love it and love it , oh my God , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on an active issue for Azeroth .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less diverse .
And as a result , we build longer social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s looking at why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to cutting games , we had skeletons of rocks .
People were lying . People were fighting .
This is really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the president decided that he would have to play the last game .
We want to imagine a teaching curriculum , and then provide people with a teaching curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic view , we have positive potential for rising skills such as environmental recognition , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , is to be able to go down the road for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt my gender from my family &apos;s experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I broke my head , I cut my arm , I put five panels on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to the gene .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that it &apos;s more effective , more motivated and happy to live a life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to go to the high altitude .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , the fate has become the currency of nature .
I was having lunch with a boy last night , which was really heavy for four hours .
What else did I say ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this would be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of stomach for demonstrating your own improvement .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody had invited the prime minister and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; The only chance you will have to say , &quot; &quot; Oh , it &apos;s very clear , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a radar speaker to play , I &apos;m going to do two sonphones and I &apos;m going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to be able to get to see the grass until it falls to Titanic .
And we had too much fun with our Tunisians .
I feel like , if Leymah Bank manages Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the smell , because she &apos;d gone from 7.5 hours to eight hours to see the entire picture .
Now we have a lot of ways to go around the world : the things that are useful for us personally , the things that are more joyful , the happiness , the efficiency of our lives , are going to help our careers and the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open the motors and discover your strength .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that evolution had the same use over and over again .
Today I use this material to create the most diverse , scalable , scalable structures in different parts of the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I had never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got a seven-letter thumb-wrestling music for everyone .
I chose to be a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got an invitation to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portraits , I got internalized , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for rape .
So I tried to make a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and stupid .
I came out of the closet and I started to see how the fishes connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it in a different way , as a new way of creating a dish , as a way of getting the perfect shape of a dish .
The first stage surprised me was with these guys .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horse . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To photograph , we uploaded the network to the ears .
What I &apos;ve found is that desirable structures develop each hemisphere , creating images that are completely changing .
I was married .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I was troubled by all the details that I received , but I wanted to create more and more stuff , to transform the scale of the object that you see , something that you can lose .
Go back to India after the mainstream of the work , we created a manual network — a million and a half links — that , in a short time , gave the demonstration in Machia .
There were thousands of people watching this . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel SalaMarss , who renamed the city of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding onto my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued — those properties were in the coalition with the natural resilience of materials .
I spent two years researching details that would describe the electromagnetic spectrum of the Sun , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so hot that it would be buried out of clay .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the microscope .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton wall .
We had to make an engineering solution to the staircase moving from a grass to a drawing board .
But there was no programmable computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant architect in Haiti who designed tools for the American Portrait Gallery — his name is Peter Hapfield .
He helped me solve two big problems : ensure the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the handheld tips didn &apos;t know America .
So I got in contact with a gardener manufacturer , and I interviewed them in the battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no programming language , and that traditional hand artist transformed manufacturing by the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , you had a 150-square-foot network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and incomplete spectrum .
Now it was a remarkable place .
Think about it for the first time .
Before I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the ocean and at the same time being connected to an unknown country .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want these airports to create cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is the historic philosophy of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to make it aspirational , the table has to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit out of the water that was contaminated with the water that transformed the lake , and in the process , we also found that people could also mix with this material and go through without destroying it .
I use this metropolitan material to visualize the trajectory of the subway , at the moment of the process , as if it were a radical picture of the urban system .
The next challenge in Denver was to look at the work of the Jews and the United States of America , and they asked me if I could think of the 35 West Bank countries and think of their connection with the continent .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I heard about the earthquake in Chile of the earthquake and the seminar that had taken place in Chile , which was the melting of the Pacific Ocean .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerated the collision of the planet and literally doubled the surge of a supernova .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked them to give me the data about the syndrome , and I turned it on here .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was consuming .
I couldn &apos;t build it in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a thick , thick sheet that was 15 times flat .
Because now it &apos;s going to be a complete density and so much density that it could take away the building , become part of the building block of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network of patterns and models were highly capable .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to come up with this idea of associating Thomas Skerer or Helen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the frontiers of the land .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and scalable ways .
Now , I put them together in a technological and technological way , to create materials , shapes , that reach millennials .
My creative spirits are expanding .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he never had an interest in art , he never once went to a local art department , and now he was out of the building and he was able to say goodbye to him .
These people who were convicted of the Pharaoh police were now convicted of their strangers , of their strangers , and watched the creation , the images transformed , and talked to each other about the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After having sex , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human being , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . This was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses , is then distributed in this giant choir that has the present self and now the present self and the meaning and how you can feel and hear it .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my consciousness of the shared .
And at this point we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is something else .
Our left-hand corner is thinking nodes and metaphors .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more like my body . Imagine that .
