Until the age of about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while that &apos;s true somewhere , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And this is what made me think about , at the beginning of this year , this blog by Dr. Milley , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this active website became passive . &quot; &quot; Because Meller was a journalist , his brain was probably well written and more sensitive , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating a machine that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited before .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Nowadays , for every minute YouTube video is uploaded to 48 hours .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case is they &apos;re going to be making some pictures and economic videos , or a story that &apos;s kind of on a shelf .
And today , we all create this incredible rich digital device that will last forever , many years after we die .
I think for technology , this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s going to be like to be present and future .
Now we already know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , quite well , found me when I was signing up in Forsquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
MG : Assemble ifie.net , even though it &apos;s not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for exhibition online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be stored after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
As the ability of cars to understand human languages and build huge amounts of data continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of complexity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to communicate with the real world from our death very soon because of the full belief that we create , and because of technology , we have the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be delicious .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technology skills .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate like humans .
But what if these robots can communicate with the characteristics of a certain person based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous theater , which was the night of elections in 2008 , in the United States , when the CNN helicopter was announced in their studio , to interview Andron Coup .
What if we could use this technology to detect the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is perfectly possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are rapidly progressing .
Now , to wrap up , let me tell you what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in alien technologies .
My company is trying to encourage people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to chocolate .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a minute , until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what brought it to him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening in our daily lives .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something globally true and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half degree C driver wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
And as you keep on doing that , the coronary artery goes down , it says there &apos;s 0600KO78RUS written here .
It &apos;s like traffic jams . It &apos;s no use .
Study it by trying to understand the meaning .
In short , I went to Google .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up with RUS , Russia means Russia . And 78 is the city of Santa Barbara .
Political code : You can find this in certain phones , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to connect the dots of State Senator .
And after a lot of research , we finally discovered this website called WEB , which is a Russian guy who worked for years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
In the middle of his life , he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his birthday , his friend , and he has a very beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is doing it .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 movies . For 20 children in State , this is a family car .
As I learned about this machine .
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
At the center of Santa Barr .
He &apos;d drive another car . And he &apos;d shoot his blog .
( Video ) Narrator : Here &apos;s her Majesty , Ladida Samaan , who was a consultant . You can see the Prime Minister of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
that Maurice &apos;s Secretary of State is 600 KO78RUS . Now I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if it were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What would happen if crime calmed down ? In many cases , it &apos;s not that far off .
The vast majority of cases don &apos;t work .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
There &apos;s a lot of hype . The text police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I &apos;d like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very fast . You &apos;ve probably heard of Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what made it . That &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapist , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
The PLC , small boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet is charging one of these things .
Then there is a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary areas , electricity is clearly running on computers . And this is really creating .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So cooking assumes that we can work when things are not even there . It &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about storage , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I &apos;m in the future of the Web .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is just consumption .
I &apos;ll tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;ve got a danger to lose everything . We &apos;ve got to do this all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of uncovering the cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of assets . It &apos;s more important than defense .
Creating programs or Internet connectivity , most importantly , in these relationships .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the middle of it , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are going to be criminals , but they haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find humane people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to give them the power to do good . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : It only takes two minutes for you to change your body .
But before that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all intrigued by the language of the body , and the character .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that are going on in the intersection , the inexorable silences , the worldwide findings , or keeping your eyes tightly apart , all the way to the common sense .
Singapore . Here they go to the patch .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , like my social psychologists , we call them non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnectedness .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often leave values and make mistakes .
And they can be statistically significant in the most important circumstances of life , such as either in the workforce or in the pre-frontal cortex or in the temporal lobe .
For instance , Nelny Aamabad , who &apos;s at the University of Texas , found that when people look for 30 seconds at a time , when they look at a specific doctor and a real patient , their doctor &apos;s love will go away from their judgment , which is , no .
So it &apos;s got to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organizations all the time .
So what kind of communication do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-school business school , and it was inevitable that I had to start caring about the dynamics of authority .
I was particularly struck by the notions of power and generosity .
How do you think power and generosity are the tools to go forward ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger , gets bigger .
It &apos;s about doing larger space .
Jessica Theresa has been studying this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
It &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s making us smaller , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what it looks like to be a powerful and empowering meeting .
When our religion is strong and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
While others are still struggling to stay inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They &apos;re always allowed to compare themselves to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for business masters , because grades are highly defined by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
So I started digging , for example , in university , for those people who attend class .
There are ideas to suggest that , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat , the author gets thrown out with teeth like this , we get a little more joy .
It works on both sides . In the same way , it works .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : do we know that our consciousness causes us to change the behavior of the body , but can our body change the behavior of our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So what &apos;s different from each other ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and better .
They really think that the winner is going to come out when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least , and that changes in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get new eyes for what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You shut it down .
And then I hit the ground .
Here &apos;s what happened . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already happening .
And here &apos;s what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but also on ourselves .
Also , our body affects our consciousness .
We think this is the kind of opportunity you can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
For five minutes , no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea about the conditions of hypothesis or experiment .
The emotions of adolescence were crucial in that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And that &apos;s what really powered the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
In response , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on a plane .
I got out of the car , and I got lost a few times .
The brain region emerged in repair .
I knew my I.Q. , because I was always being smart and talented .
I was removed from college ; I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
that I am independent .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five-year college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
She had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about that before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small pulses can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Add up your rates of testosterone , dial up the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your capacity hasn &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the largest problem in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about supernatural resources , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the biggest problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people learn .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of synthetic circumstances .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and therefore this question is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , which problem solved first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what do we spend it on ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the most important problems in the world , and I &apos;ll just briefly read them : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial interest , government and corruption , border and border , integration of nature , social conditions and water , and supermarkets and supermarkets .
We think religions are among the world &apos;s most challenging problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was asked in June of Delhi .
Of course , it &apos;s not right for people to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that all of us are dead .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about the culture of problems , it &apos;s about the culture of solutions .
In that case , of course , this makes the situation more complicated .
Climate change should be solved by the response of Citizen .
Dispathology should be solved by the networks of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies are using force and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is a kind of implausible human being — write what you think about the headlines .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequality — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and some of them are more of a few .
Now , the astonishing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m 18 minutes old , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big piece of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure that you &apos;ll have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that kind of show been collected ?
And one of the reasons is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more correspondences that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide what to start with .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of culture , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make progress in a two-dimensional way , but in a very unusual way , it would be harder than actually doing the definitions of a culture and following it and talking about it .
So I propose that we actually say for a long time that we have had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you one big guy , but you didn &apos;t know anything about geese .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what it was .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small mission , right ?
You &apos;d like to know all that .
And that &apos;s what Copenhagen is trying to do , trying to figure out the genome of these problems .
And the main work of the Copenhagen was like this .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in each room .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
And also in infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; And the University of Cambridge , amazingly , decided to call them Ray Maxed of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work , in essence , was a series of cultures .
You would ask , why do economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which one of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s that screen that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet as well , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;ll talk more about it over time .
They basically came across a show where there &apos;s bad projects , meaning that there &apos;s programs where the dollar investment comes at a much lower income .
There &apos;s medium , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right now by doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the show .
A lot of people would take this off , and probably this is one of the cases where people would say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;ll have disagreement with your graphs .
Why are they saying that doing something more than Coca-Cola is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
It &apos;s just what we can do on this issue — very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average markings of eco-economic models , which is the Citholic Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It &apos;s two to three times overlooked by the most powerful means of improvement in the developing world .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will last 2,100 years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh , who stands before the threat of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little bit better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to get an outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can make sure that all the people around the world have access to clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do nothing very positive ?
Or perhaps through that money , doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only programs that you have meant that I &apos;m not going to take all of them — things like infectious diseases , primary health services — despite a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very well , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this brings us to that we are suddenly on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , lots of sanitation and water projects are coming along .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
Now , I want to show you four cultures that are supposed to be the world &apos;s leading cause of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria : battle against malaria .
There are a few million people infected with information .
Costs can even make up percentage points in the U.N.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the intersection , and also the global warming problem .
The third is open source .
The common model , if we can get to the top and specifically reduce the sovereignty in the United States and the United States , we can make a new life of the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half the world &apos;s GDP .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people out of poverty very rapidly , in about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very expensive tools for solving the food problem , particularly with the microbial community .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffering from diet , silicon , DNA and vitamin A.
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem briefly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , second , opposite denial .
And again , in the ideal world , we both did .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is far too expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in improving projects .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with x-rays and 10 times better things by preventing them .
And again , we &apos;ve focused more on prevention , as well as treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you right ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a problem primarily .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are a lot of other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is very good at making ...
People will recall that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most dramatic predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But I &apos;m telling you that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help a rich Dutch 100 years after ?
Do we want to help people in Bangladesh at the moment that we really need help , and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be expecting , say , a rich Chinese , or a rich Japanese , or a Congolese person , 2100 , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s odd that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t helped me deal with climate change much more ,
It doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall because climate change is so well understood .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the way that I absolutely want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to pick Brad Pitt for his next movie to attempt a swimming pool in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the movie .
And so in many ways , I think that the whole discussion of Copenhagen and the whole discussion of farming is going to address some of the challenges .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not just to make the gains at the media center , but to create the foundation to make better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a no-close choice .
Of course , we should do everything , in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that today we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look so much like we &apos;re on the verge of all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is to go back and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick overview . Do we really have the right answer ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable outcome , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have stupid ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Just two conditions : They have to learn English in university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they were able to significantly go out of the polling stations , and so they did and proposed their own profiles .
And what was interesting was that the same thing — in the first place , the problems of obesity and disease and climate change were the end .
We did that again and again and again .
A lot of other symptoms came together and a lot of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that gave me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I believe we should go some way to think about transcendents , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again I say , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Play the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do a work that gives you zero benefits , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; And finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we &apos;re doing
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define civilizations and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine in Providencia , Red Eland to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , and we were busy , and so we picked a path that runs through national boundaries and national boundaries , and in short , we chose the longest path perhaps .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me deeply .
In the first place , the flag is perfect .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that have a Chinese character on them . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the Grand Canyon . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about circumstances that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage — the exposure of interaction .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least avoid thinking about it that we might be wrong .
We &apos;re very good at it visually .
We all know that everybody in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally wrong , is normal .
But when the hum comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , at this point in time , are instantly wrongly about being theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings now , we go to date , we vote for elections , we vote for present day .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a little bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Incredible . Very bad .
Shake . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis movie where a short coat is always going on , but never gets to a rocket .
And in virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist flies by , and the bird flies by the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that time , he &apos;s moving .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one of the reasons , structural reasons , that make us insist on staying within the consensus of our own rights .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until very late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us insist on rights , and it &apos;s about the culture of our society .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you certainly know what to do about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
She &apos;s stupid , she makes mistakes , she never does a homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are unaccountable , and second of all , that the pursuit of success in life is a lot of mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , play the idea that we should be perfect teachers , professor , hero .
I always say , well , heads , strategies , math .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and mathematicians .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get terrified of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , healthy and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman was hired by the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman &apos;s surgery .
She &apos;s annoyed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the cards , and sending the patient to his room , cleaning .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes up , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting in trouble ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of it is because the surgeon has survived his left leg , instead of him .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a lecture on randomness , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The underlying belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advocate for what is happening in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do devices like , say , 750 million clean oil spills in Mexico or the deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you .
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone says their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite clever , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make mistakes for their imperfect goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending hurts us to prevent mistakes when it &apos;s so necessary for us , which makes us do something incredibly horrible .
But to me , the most extraordinary and fundamental thing is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross-section window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and writing this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a moral framework in the human system , it &apos;s not something that we can evoke or evoke .
It mainly cultivates us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other beings , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think that the search for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times what I called the American Life Initiative .
I heard and heard , and for a while , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry .
I became a tough woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is really the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview with Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
And I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we each and every one of our communications has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this thing should happen , but there &apos;s something else going on . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Rah Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our procrastinators , they &apos;re going to tell those stories .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , conflicts and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but there &apos;s something else going on .
George Burke believed that he was going to go to Iraq , find a massive eradication , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But instead , something else happened .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violent uprisings of Egypt would be in his entire life , until he or she would become very old or diseased and transmit power to his son .
But instead , something else happened .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put them together .
But instead , something else happened .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everybody was throwing away at a young group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the amazing things to change the world , TED back in 1998 . Oh .
( Laughter ) Actually , they didn &apos;t work that way . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
I have another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a great relationship .
I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , complexity and complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Said Nosee found himself in a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Qaeda , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prison Minister .
Narrator was originally considered immense murder , but at the same time he spent a lot of time on small trucks , he and other people started planning attitudes in dozens of places in New York City , including drones , synagogues and NGOs .
Fortunately , those plans were sprayed by the CEO .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Coast didn &apos;t respond .
Narrator was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving mother and a teacher who was trying to make a happy childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to Islam on the side , which even a few of the Muslims can see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all sorts of ways to make other people live like themselves .
A few months before his campaign , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of Hurricane , he and his friends were coming to London for a particular purpose .
She told me that the other morning I was with them .
We got to the site of replication in Cleveland , without the knowledge of our group , was controlled by GDP .
When my hero came to break , my father helped me hold my breath and explained to me how to go to the bathroom for about 30 neurons .
That day , the last flash of light on the top of my torch was switched on , and , surprisingly , all of us , especially me , the whole battle was broken .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , Arabic , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a father .
They all laughed at that punishment , but only a few years later I totally realized what they were so funny about .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
These guys , eventually , were convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of copepods on the World Trade Center subway stations at the Soviet Union subway station that killed six people and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were people that I called marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get a lot of friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was constantly obsessed with hands .
I was covering myself in classrooms not to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more likely to be a teenager .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
And because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by short-term measures such as human race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life that asked this question occurred in the early 2000s .
I was able to participate in the National Conventional Young Convention in Florida .
The attention of my group was on youth violation , and spending most of my life as a storyteller was something I was particularly interested in .
The members of our team reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a friend of mine .
It took a few days to get there , and I realized that there was no natural curve between us .
I had never had a good friend , and honestly , I felt proud that I could win the race that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental document came along when I found a summer job in Budrus , in the middle of nowhere .
There , I was interviewing people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a key driver of my nature .
I learned that comparison is a man , and more simply , all marriages had an explicit effect .
This object gave me an opportunity to work with drug managers during the market , and soon I found that many of them are the least educational people I &apos;ve ever met .
By bringing a child with a hand , I &apos;ve created a compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a very different way than I would like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the habits that I was taught in early childhood with experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s given to me .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be with me on my planet , and he helped me understand that human race or religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the nature of human nature .
He was the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own grandfather , who doesn &apos;t regret .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever until I live .
She looked me in the eyes of an eye that had enough depression to live all her life , and she said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
At that moment , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that vacation going .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence may be hearing my story and realizing that there is a better way , although I was considering that violence , the idea of nonviolence , but I was not a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , the threat of globalization .
I do this for the warriors of terror and their loved ones , horrible suffering and loss , which led terrorism to their lives .
For the sake of terror , I &apos;m going to talk about these unmeaningless acts , and I &apos;m going to judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not separate from a religion or a race , and the son has not to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
It represents what they find .
&quot; &quot; A &quot; &quot; is important to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re laughing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for water conservation to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to opportunity to restorate our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system and accept our relationship to the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and explore the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
The evidence that traditional methods for many people in the world of terrorism are very common , they &apos;re very accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of crops .
Communication is easy , buy your bicycle , stay away from the text , think again before you go to the bathroom .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat green ink .
We cannot make this progress unless we measure success by changing the frequencies of the species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we just ate vegetables ?
There &apos;s a thumb that &apos;s filled with cardboard thumb , a thumb that &apos;s not dangerous .
A card with a stick and not a stick .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the source , the main observer .
What &apos;s the essence of this toaster ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
And my point is that we need to have a spectrum , a spectrum of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that red wine is very healthy , nitrogen dioxide and minerals are very healthy in the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to be so busy . I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
Ladies and gentlemen , we have a problem of prediction .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The problem is we hide that value under an elevator .
We hide that value by accepting the status quo .
And we store that value in income .
So the bottom line is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be presented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by Gordians , but by Gold Green Gaines .
SB : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that color is a new name .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that the chocolate cake can be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best cows if we &apos;re eating them all .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part of the surprising crowd is that it comes in half with a hip , a bunch of Tibet and a pixel cubes .
It &apos;s handcuffed with a 142 liter pipe filled with Dijon bag and dry detergent , made out of cast iron and quinoa filled with cold , soft and muffled broccoli , a little bit cooler and a little bit cooler with a piece of paper in Egypt .
Hello .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all of these components are accessible to all the families in Walmart .
Jimi Oliver is struggling to save America from the time we &apos;re eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Move out medical equipment . We need to fear bullying .
We de-animated the Earth and then started using the food that we produced to harvest our life .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is something , but the fun is reality , which we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movements recently for our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leading revolution in green food .
But green food always assumes a shelter that feels the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our atmosphere .
There &apos;s a little environmentally frightening guy .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground cafe for a pristine environment .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing public policies , media is actively trying to increase the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about paperwork .
It &apos;s about how we look at our oceans .
As a high-tech coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to reduce climate change .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating them , and interconnecting with each other .
In short , people get more than they expected , even the less expected .
They got more calories because of crop food .
They became healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
Nature &apos;s approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the fabric of human walls .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , anarchy , anarchy , beginnings , complexity .
The crowd , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , were the common varieties of saliva .
We &apos;re adding layers to more flexible , more powerful , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big settlements , those kind of models , the green tuna that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 letter .
Take the meaning . Choose the fish four parts .
Put them in four corners .
Look at those four apples in prison , and then open up the best kitchen you have , drink and drink .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Please join your friends and neighbors and do it again , maybe once again .
I have a lot of food waste .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
My blessing was that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire competition of the sugar , and they measured a lot of dust and a little bit of oxygen , usually with the sugar .
Until today , I tend to eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a fat restaurant .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s kind of like a suicide bomber .
It &apos;s impossible .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about the ocean , and the scariest thing you &apos;ve heard about the ocean , is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that maybe the greatest burden of saying it is the very moment that your mother was right .
Three strokes .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
To be clear , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and slow and interesting things that I don &apos;t consider .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come from my personal history .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global story of the community that we call process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start plugging , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We need to eat bricks .
We need to eat small portraits .
And we need to save the fish .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; ( Singing )
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation of Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robben was incarcerated .
And here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most terrifying moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbins to come together in Mandela , where he was going to pass a computer across the world , standing beside his previous prison camp .
And you can see the wall plays there .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madagascar appeared to the world that there is a real sympathy happening in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing country , and that the army rates are leading the most vulnerable group of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic is affecting women .
So I went back to South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve me for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so , following that , I went on to every 464 organized mechanism that I was present to , and I looked at money-laundering , and I looked at money-laundering , and I looked at money-laundering questions , mostly by using my rituals as a musician , to move beyond the constraints of Midela
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is increasing Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;ll just go crazy .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting Stacey Agency , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , the foundation of HIV / AIDS , from an incredible piece of court and an activist .
I met him on one of the 4664 mediums .
She was wearing this kind of a sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this calculus is like a barrier of ignorance , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be a member of the team . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV epidemics .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live in the wild .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re answering questions associated with the decline of ambiguity .
The act of conducting is really quite crude .
And yes , my song company supports the Treatment Action Campaign , in which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
The vast majority of the funding that I was able to get , went straight to the Treatment Action Campaign and volunteered to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
I am primarily in the Silk Road , and three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Osorio , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yugosburg , I had the opportunity to play basically a whiteboard , an average South African audience who finally got excited , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible abundance and the whole thing that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to disappoint because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Aaron Melville , the former Health Leads of the present , was also present in this system , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and she immediately turned to make improvements in that area that are so essential .
And this is the Scotland bar .
Then I became the poster child of the HIV epidemic in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was trying to raise the level of reality of HIV .
Here &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Singapore children I just won .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re even when their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become the poster child of HIV in UNAIDS .
And that &apos;s how I encourage my speech to disseminate the boundaries of my lab .
The lesson that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard worldwide is that we want to actually reveal the HIV / AIDS virus from mother to baby by 2015 .
This is a pretty common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with support of political tools .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both throwing away , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated , and so she can live her life repeatedly so that she can care about the child who is about to bring the light to the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitted virus that means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is how you have to live an HIV epidemic .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell everybody his story because he &apos;s one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been abused by HIV / AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was infected with HIV . She died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she had already noticed signs of anti-HIV , and she was suffering from seizures .
We met him at one of the Eastern Cambridge hospitals , and we had him through a whole series of afternoons , just an amazing kid .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see .
They built a special feedback loop for the girl , and they followed and cured her .
And we didn &apos;t know when we shot him — because we shot him a story — whether he was going to win this .
So clearly it was a very emotional meeting that gave us intangible memories , this baby , you already know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hired . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This age of disability is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you &apos;re having that kind of representation .
So I want to encourage each of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to have food and effective health care benefits , and you believe in the developing world of the United States of America , particularly in the fifth and fifth quarters , what all governments in the world need to offer independently is : Egypt , can you look at the challenge
I think I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that nearly all of the people in this room stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good luck . Completion is a wonderful mark to move forward from reality , and it allows you to do what science is all about .
As a boy , I assemble the areas of consciousness and science to make you feel the participation of technology in the future .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see comes in links with information : landscapes , bridges , structures , maybe one day even with the names of the streets .
This is my mental workshop .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re scanning the cerebral cortex .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Like this : Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it into citizens , into medium , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The pen is ready . The pen is ready .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work with paper , it &apos;s made up of four different notes : love , green , gold and gold .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , in some ways , four marks represent four marks a year .
E : Wool , wool , wool , wool and — Voice : My favorite word is the sound . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a temperature rush when the heat turns into glamorous , water turns on and everything goes away .
Each sign has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Every single video represents 13 pixels of all the light source .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Loon is one of the most powerful enemies of the mind .
MT : There are two colors in the video games .
Here &apos;s the shape and the sun curving through the night and the summer transformation .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that &apos;s so exciting is that the toy has 52 steps , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws a year pass between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Cheers ) Voice : Hold up , don &apos;t be real .
MT : To my birthday , at the age of six , I got my first video games , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , bringing growth to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers , and even to boys and girls . ( Applause ) You . And who are these ? MM : Yeah , they make fun . You know .
Sorry .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;m wearing my suitcase .
MT : Goodbye . Joctor : Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing to another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Storytelling is invented . MT : Sometimes people ask me how to grow . How do you have to work 9-5 ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
It &apos;s a little bit of a 24-7 crime , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people will say growth is a non-zero-force act . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just answered , no , no .
Remarkably , it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not that intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a professional player that distributes cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cartoonists are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m going to stay close to the last and most important toy : naming the politician .
Unlike anything we see , it &apos;s not important to virtuate , so no . Voice : Maps are found .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Zero.Z. ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the challenge of making a photograph every day .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was a good student in school . My thoughts were big , and I was thrilled to think about the life of lions , youth and walks .
When I was a kid , I was really struggling , unsafe and totally frightened , from people who were afraid , from the future , failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , I was walking when it started to song my mind , playing with my steps , just like I had before , when I suddenly heard a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the clarity and determination of the vision was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and then weeks , and on the third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t either different or different , and even a while later , strangely enough and hopefully , although I noticed that the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing , what I often did was covering my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was certain that something wasn &apos;t actually happening .
I told my doctor at the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was very late , and I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to go fast .
From the beginning of the patient , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was diagnosed with a lot of despair and delusion in terms of myself and my photographs .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not as an experience , but as a symptom , fear is more powerful to address it .
At that time , it was essentially present to me in a relative act of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war , and it caused a lot of the sounds that went into being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , a battle of fear , despair , insecurity and incomprehension started , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to justify peace and respect .
Two years later , the test was deterministic .
Until now , I had the whole repertoire of play — horrible sounds , unstupid movies — strange and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and despair , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else was saved .
A crowded and corrupt man began that journey , but the person who had arrived had been saved and ultimately made it the personality that I was lucky to be .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories get poor and poor compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in bed , but the month is coming . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that misery , just from space .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to develop a metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as a verb .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to download my own idea of fear and insecurity around the world and not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sounds that I really appreciated .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Please do one .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
Looking at this , I recently assembled the brakes of my inherited self , with a voice that was stated in every well , statistically speaking out of every medicine class , repeatedly demonstrating psychotherapy , only this time .
Now , I &apos;m very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the audience , of the organizational movement of the audience , of a company that had his idea taken from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sousa Sandy Each , who &apos;s listening to sounds matters in the context of survival , in the case of normal reconciliation , rather than the masterpiece of chiefry ,
This kind of society is not only possible , it &apos;s a way of evolving .
In other words , social change happens if it &apos;s a good one .
You can &apos;t get a person who is proud .
I can &apos;t point to people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the networks in 26 countries that are sitting in five continents , cooperating in advance with dignity , unity and rights , distributing people with intellectual disabilities in order to create new languages and hope that represents incredible trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , the animal is an animal that is essentially equipped with the basic equipment of treatment and this basic ability to use thought .
In this way , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the health of the patient than making it easier for the treatment of the patient to see , to cut off aid , to share the pain of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are . We are impossible .
In us , nothing can ever really be civilized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
And once a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what other people have said about you .
You bet about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was confused with my own curiosity to paint , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more primal .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process is over when you shake the button .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there is an unexpected environment .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopy .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw these pictures , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the potential .
And this has come up with a lot more ideas than you might have imagined .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details or the colors to the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we visualize the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a kind of a pixel of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make another reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in the context of photographs .
It &apos;s just a collection of realities .
Photographs are more real , I think , the ones that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to count that , because otherwise there &apos;s something wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to make the reality come out .
As you can see , these pictures are not very special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
So the first rule is , you have to have the same pictures .
Secondly , composing images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same altitude and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with pictures of itself , without interference .
You have to develop any idea about making images .
And by comparing colors , concentration and light across boundaries of different photographs , by adding photographs , such as density , by mixing colors and augurating the digital fabric , we &apos;re covering the differences between different photographs , and turning it into a single image , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of generations .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) You can see , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only the bottom one .
But in fact , this photo is completely composed of all sorts of places .
It seems to me , in fact , it &apos;s easier for any environment to prepare than to find a place like this , because in that case , you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas of incentives .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea stuck , I knew I had months to prepare to find various places to get these photos .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
And part of George &apos;s portion was painted on the rock .
And one more thing , I got a little red , a little red , just to make it look a little bit more spectacular .
To get a real result , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start from ecstasy , from idea .
And I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well designed .
And if you do a good photograph , the result may be pretty and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a gorgeous ballet .
It turns out that WikiLeaks , your baby , has been publishing more classified documents in the past few years than any other media in the world combined .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it curious that the remaining media of the world is doing so badly , that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkeys in the world are doing together ?
CA : So how does that work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these , as we can say , are classical detectors , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we only use the highest secret of the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backs , to cross various rights , like Sweden and Belgium to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any vessel , then we probably ignore it .
( Hospital noises ) The door is shut .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s just a question of what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crill &apos;s talk .
This was a secret study done by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was headed by Daniel March , about 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphy forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds spent on a conversation that was going on .
And then the government posted it , and as a political solution , Mao Tse-tung , who was the richest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — national elections , on December 28 .
When we gave that talk , it was three days after the event that a new project , Cyber , had decided to engage the person who came out — Daniel Raqi Moi — and this conversation broadcast to Cyber president .
GA : And in short , Kenya &apos;s talk was not about the council , it was about the council , it was about the council , but about the council , and in your opinion , it was really about the outcome of the election .
JA : There you go . And this is the head page of Google , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya — Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , within two days , became the case that the mine in Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent with a genetic research paper , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , how much information did you get from your side changed the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airport .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — it &apos;s a powerful substance ; I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a hug .
I look at your object ; now , there are about four computers ; boom , boom .
It &apos;s free . It &apos;s good . It &apos;s screwed .
I was told when they were screaming . Go !
Go for it .
Well , no , no .
( Gunshot reverb ) Crazy shit . Thank you . ( Gunshot ) Thank you .
Video : Narrator : The butterfly , the butterfly , the butterfly .
We need to move now .
Well , we were involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I bought them .
Zu Vasquez : This is a pixel ; we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Girl 2 : Clean . Well done . I shrunk them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Ultimately , we sent two souls to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is the first of three conditions that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that seems like two Roters too .
JA : There you go . From two Rosers &apos; work , two little children got married .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this explanation became the source of widespread excitement .
What was the real reason for terror ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power discord .
Here you see men walking in the street carefully , and there &apos;s a 30 million cubic feet of April , a 30 million cubic feet of throat on all sides , all sorts of things to do and kill people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not normal , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I want to say that the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , that has been blessed , and it &apos;s been arguably reviewed by this video , and it &apos;s also revealed by the 280,000 censored U.S. censorship reports .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve pretended that we &apos;ve got these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago — 150,000 broadcasters and 50 reports .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
My idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : If you &apos;ve got thousands of digital campaigns in the U.S.
JA : We were going to throw them out . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of government is , the real human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at unlocked telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the world &apos;s information important , what kind of information can make a difference ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When businesses are spending economic lives in order to store information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will do a good thing , because the companies that are best known for it , the parents know it , they spend jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the story .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a window displaying people or really , for the vast majority of society , that the conversation can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
That is , we have a policy of inappropriation .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love : you know , for example , after your doctor &apos;s office , it &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are good at .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve described something that somebody has had a specific attack .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence of millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to light what you think is the stupid secrets of companies and governments .
Light is good .
But don &apos;t you find any experience in the fact that in order to illuminate yourself , you have to create a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a difficult situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to keep on cleaning , not to hide it .
CA : Actually , I &apos;d like to — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in recognizing the belief of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Juliet .
You know , hero , the hero of the audience who brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : A strong monkey , Julian , brilliant monkey .
You have to try a little bit . You have to show them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a nightmare , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , there were a number of struggles going on in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis that said that actually , the security workers at some point in time , from military companies , were actually able to get firefighters in there and throw them away .
And that some of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have any written on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t handle it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit bored with this idea that maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what paper is all about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for that paper ?
Is it really yours ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the guy &apos;s name was written in the Ministry of Detail .
Here it is .
( Applause ) Those things have happened a lot .
This is an example of one of the techniques that we &apos;ve been working on to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but now we have a lot of fun and we have a lot of technological effort .
That &apos;s why most of our exhibitions , over the past few months , have become rarer , because we are reclaiming these systems because of extraordinary social interest .
That &apos;s a problem .
Anyway , any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of familiar with our growth . And that means that we &apos;re getting a very large sample of discoveries at a very high level , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go back and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main puzzle , mainly read-write and / Read-write article ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very rapidly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we need to reconfigure so that you have people who engage with the highest national security materials and then with lower security cases .
CA : So let &apos;s personal understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two buttons ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a bonobo development component .
JA : What , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a writer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was looking for it .
It has to be felt with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this time , most of it is used by rice math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure of the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t create guns ; they &apos;re providing them with guns .
And that &apos;s something that comes from my father and from other people , from the adults that have been in my life .
CA : And by the way , do people in adulthood like , do they want to eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and therefore , food is not my thing , but somehow — there is another way to feed the chefs , which is to control the crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So just in the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the largest one .
Her bank account was the percentage of the economy left in the GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re giving this talk last year to Holly .
And National TV was forced to prevent it five minutes before it broke , and as the movie captured , the press conference appeared , and the listener said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website at the same time as a slide show , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And the community was so empowered that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political players in Iceland and other international law experts working on a new type of law forum for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the world &apos;s most empowered media efforts and the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Saudi country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just one month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Juliano .
When I think about the future , do you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hit us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s the right thing to do .
That is , there is a huge gap between the law of freedom of speech and the legislation of freedom of speech in the United States , in China and in the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because with just a little bit of effort , we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , by saying , Julian , tough , strong and passionate .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my chief of prisoners and art , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting advertisements and stories , also 17 interesting urban blocks .
But I will concentrate on demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these jars , and artwork is presented .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an artist through a more accessible new discipline .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;ll show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just went to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of those stats there .
There &apos;s the warehouse of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Jerusalem , Ridge and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan festival .
There are two things to stay with . It &apos;s very expensive .
Please join me here and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in the tide , swing .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware and bring it inside .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take a picture .
Study .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best part .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the powder gave us that picture , you can cheat it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved with in cognitive technology .
So these images , for instance , if I don &apos;t get it wrong , about 10 billion are infected .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds flexible .
You can approach the images .
And you can see interesting things on the slide .
This guy is walking out , his face is balanced .
But then the desire to get more closer and closer .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little research , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called chocolate , and in the process , kids are grappling with pieces of paper on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now getting closer , we &apos;re getting to the edge of the ship .
Now I &apos;m going to show you from a distance , so you can see how far they were actually getting .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) It &apos;s still on top , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features , the night of God , the example I showed you , just to see the details .
What if you want to look at arrowheads ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this headset ?
We kind of embed the images . We kind of embed the images .
I &apos;m going to reach out to my favorite paintings of this painting , and I &apos;m really going to reach out to young kids .
This is the night of God . I think nobody has seen this photo yet .
Now , on the other hand , I &apos;m going to show you a very nice opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Transition .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , you have a big home or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , as you can imagine , we created something called the power to grow a picture . You can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian image .
You can write a story and send it to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an explanation , the main thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the vents .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly present artists to the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the attempt to visit fields ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just stops coming to the camps .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write pages , and I want to tell you today some stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural things called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it using words , but I will also use the geometric body , the environment . In my talk , you &apos;ll be able to control a few circles .
I was born in Stockholm , French family .
And after a while my parents died , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming , married woman .
And from the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very motivated by me , but more motivated , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to overcome the joy and get heavy images from a hidden mother , without eyes .
A lot of them came to my grandmother with heavy socks , people or dresses , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would take a red pen and shuffle it into the rubber as much as they wanted to leave the rubble .
And then , one more thing he did was he lived in a dead figure .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were facing my grandmother had a problem with my grandmother , I didn &apos;t see that there was no way to go .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of revenue ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the story helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unlike many of the classes that I &apos;ve learned , was a very disgusting lesson , which is that if you want to sacrifice something in your life , whether it &apos;s legacy , perseverance , or a human spirit , you have to surround it with immediate walls .
And I &apos;ll square it down .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a certain family , some nation and class .
But if we had nothing to do with the world that we were suffering from , then we could end up with a four-inch threat .
Our culture would be silent . Our hearts would be silent . We would be silent if we stayed silent for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our appearance .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they burn the elephant with a cheese sandwich or they burn the wall to get the paintings off the side .
It &apos;s an old-fashioned American quest based on the belief that human beings are not healthy after spending too long .
Through the exhibition , people who live in communities are at greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives , the geoists and the beliefs , the victims and the poor in the East and Europe .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the appearance , and then we &apos;re going to look at people who think about other stars .
I think the only purpose of this cultural myth to win is through the art of reaction .
Stories cannot cross borders , but they can unlock the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through those discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compute what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Hey , do you want to have a law ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental states .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling them about my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , and I was talking to colorful people and asking for help from objects when I was speaking to them , and so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life incredibly humbling , and the last thing I wanted to write about is my life .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that &apos;s what I &apos;ve been doing all my life : writing stories .
The reaction to me was self-organizing , rather than translating travel to other lives , but also opportunities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to claim a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then I &apos;ll come back to it .
Go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I went from this tiny , tentacle , mid-ocean ridge ratio that my grandmother was living in , and I moved here to this wonderful , International school in Manhattan where I was just stunned .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various nations , and yet this diversity did not correspond to colonialism , equal citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as independent , but as representative of a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the United Nations , which was very funny , not counting the exclusive moments that happened with people of freedom or faith .
This kid , or this kid , used to be a zero-sum game and a war .
And I knew it very well , because at the time I enjoyed that school , there was a war crime in my country , and there was very little left by a man who believed in my nation that the murders of Rome Pei and the Syrian war were united .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in summer , and they were interested in how many calories I have on my daily life , because they thought that all blood is the fault of the Earth , and they were surprised that at the time I had to start digging my head up .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , servers and heads .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca again .
I always felt like my existence was the only box I could move with .
The stories struck me as focused , sustainability and success — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Stamble , a town I preserve .
I lived in many animals , many environments , where I wrote some of my pages .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 a.m. in the morning , my eyes developed a scene that really caught me off .
We had a local priesthood : a man , an elderly man , who never sells a bread from the soul , never spoke to the wedding .
He was sitting next to a translator who had long and flattened and tortured and tortured his wandering around his neck .
I saw this man opening his pen with his bare hands , and he surrounded himself with this painting by the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the conservative soul and the perpetual Palestinians were sitting on the floor .
Death and destruction make up our national differences , and we all become one , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have a similar effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy animals , and we &apos;re leaving behind in the night sky and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe we &apos;re deliberately engaged .
Soon after this , I started pasting women &apos;s schools in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more than global change , but in language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not a fan , not a candy . I was asked , why do I do this ? In language , I have the opportunity to reclaim myself .
I love writing in English , which is very poetic and very emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical for me .
I feel a lot of connection with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living constantly and positionally depressed .
Because initially , we always want to say more , to make better instruments , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a big chunk between mind and speech .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I found out in Boston : Satisfaction is very expensive .
At that time , my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , grew angry , began to intervene in her beliefs that I was married soon , so I could get to one place and go on and on .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I began to translate life in Arizona and in Zimbabwe , these two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or psychologically .
Stories constantly conduct me , keeping all my participants and memories together , acting like an existential slum .
As much as I &apos;m a serious storyteller , I &apos;ve been thinking recently about how they lose their magic , whether or not the story considers more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a documentary editor .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what that means .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American and Latin American characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the characters of the Algerian foreign figures were much more prone than the target . But I understood what he was looking for .
And I also realized I was going to keep puzzling him .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
In school , she was looking for a woman &apos;s purpose , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories are distributed and repeated .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the non-Arab books feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you will be expected to write stories about deadly women , and you will be expected to tell difficult stories about deadly women .
Because you &apos;re waiting for information , bone and typical stories , and surround yourself with experimental and dangerous colleagues .
What I felt when I was a kid at MIT is now in the literal world .
The Greeks don &apos;t think of themselves as an independent creator , but they think of themselves as representatives of their culture : a few authors from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special if not legitimate .
In one of my interviews in 1984 , James Baldwin asked a lot of questions about comparison .
When the journalist was trying to judge the fact that she was a gay author , Bloody went to see him and said , &quot; &quot; What don &apos;t you see ? There &apos;s nothing in me that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When copyright politics tries to attack us , it dangers our liberties .
There &apos;s a certain category called multicultural literature , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I never forget my first multicultural proceeding 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , as infidels .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together .
Cultural boys are expecting them to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
Food functions .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the characters who are frustrated so they can become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more of the story doesn &apos;t just come from the Armstrong .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to stop giving the straight answer to my favorite characters of speaking .
They were expecting me to write about a building , a building , a building , a building , and a building of households that were viewed by women .
My story of my microbe also mattered me when I was trapped .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for post-traumatic stress disorder .
Sometimes my desire to get close to both sides reminded me that it &apos;s just an anomaly .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to fix my work .
I want to love and appreciate the reaction to the substance of it , rather than what it will get out of it .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political times at that point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only the last one in responsibility for the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority diffuse us . The statement combines .
One is called inevitable conditions .
The other is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Olympics , there were glamorous stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to the sources of enjoyment , storytelling , often writing those stories out there .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice by categorizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even the soldiers , the deaths , not the media .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , such as the postcards of the Netherlands , that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books of the book , and vice versa , combining and reading the story .
Science brings us to sleep .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books saved the introverts , the famous girl , as I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Shakespeare Touris , and the first thing he did was he found Rumi &apos;s books looking at the water as the words disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t bother you is greater than the knowledge . &quot; &quot; The problem of modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t bother us is distant and distant .
There &apos;s a relationship I love very much : life is like divinity .
The leg of the leg is continuous ; it &apos;s locked in place .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction as well .
Some are ordered by dirty acids in Zimbabwe , and some are traveling all over the world , connecting to other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the submarine of Osama bin in over 400 years .
In Paris , with a little bit of love , there is a place called the Jenny refugee .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the things that happen .
We view them as pristine wildlife , like water that is wasteful and reconfigures despair .
But more of these kind of teenagers feel the writers and the writers .
When I &apos;m creating , I inspire predictability and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I probably write a story about a woman who was dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s the great paradigm shift .
But why is it that in the early days of creative literacy , the first thing that students learn is to write about what you know ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Storytelling is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our youth and open ourselves and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like the ones that make up their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to finish my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for each and every one of us to love and love , oh my God , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGowan . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together in solving the problem of Australia .
It &apos;s not clear that this is going to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less corrupt .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
He &apos;s doing a dirty job . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to transporting video games , we had skin pigs .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However Holocaust , 18 years later , the president decided that he needed to play a final game .
We want to imagine the teaching curriculum and then provide people with a teaching curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive relationship with the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , the world and enlightenment .
My big idea , which is really a very small idea , can be driven by the billions of big ideas that are currently underway .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt guilty because of my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed some tension .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate my genome .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated and the happier life needs to be .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready for the elevation .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately for men , the struggle for women has become the curator of morality .
Recently , I was having lunch with a guy who was really stressed out that it was only four hours before that night .
What did I say ? I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This was a new kind of coffee showing you the best of your own .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the press and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;ll probably tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is sure , but nowhere , I &apos;m going to get a race to play a race , I &apos;m going to do two songs and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and effective , but it &apos;s not true
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is for us to get to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And we &apos;ve spent too much time with our Tunis .
I feel that if the Leymah Bank manages Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the burden , because she &apos;d been out of bed for about 7.5 or eight hours , and she &apos;d see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve come across multiple journeys all over the world , and what &apos;s helpful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and also benefit worldwide .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
14 years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for years it had the same use .
Today , I use that material to create the best buildings for sustainable , resilient buildings in different cities around the world .
I was the most amazing person for that work .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I had seven dieting schools , and I got a tutor .
I chose to become a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I set up internal buildings , and I set up my own marriage .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for intervention .
So I tried to make a Bronze Age .
But making great jobs was difficult and expensive .
And I went out to the corner and I started to see how the fishes connect and design the networks .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized something different , as a new approach to creating a canvas , as a way of getting a canvas out of a canvas .
The first stage that really surprised me was with these guys .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horses . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture of the Web , we uploaded the Web .
What I found is that desirable , flexible buildings evolve each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with collaborators .
I was troubled by the details that I received , but I wanted to make bigger things , to transform the scale of the object that you see , something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the leaders of the work , and we built a network of firms — a million and a half links — in the short term , in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel SalaMarts , who renewed the city of Portugal , Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by protecting my art .
There were flexible , mechanical solutions , and those properties were in the mix with the material in a standard way .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would describe electromagnetic waves in the sun , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain as if they were burning from the clouds .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the cloud .
So we cleared a 20-ton pedestrian .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the scaffold moves from the subject to the subject to the subject .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a fancy architect in Asia who &apos;s designing tools for the American Portrait quarries . His name is Peter Happiness .
He helped me solve two German problems : safeguard the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the fireman did not know America .
So I got in touch with a garden maker , and I got in touch with their battlefields , and I realized how valuable it was .
There was no language of software that would transform the production of a traditional manufacturing machine .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , there was an average network of 15 square kilometers .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable and in that transformation had nothing to lose .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and incomplete spectrum .
Now it was a perceived space .
Think about it for the first time .
While watching your game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown ground .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these anomalies in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to marry two new directions in my work .
This is the civic mayor of Philadelphia , and I felt that for the formation of this article , the content must be more subtle than the Internet .
So we tried to get a zero sample of water with pixels in it , convert it into a vessel , and in the trial we found that people can also interfere with this material and go through without parole .
I use this classic material to visualize the tracks of the subway stations at the moment of the process , as if there &apos;s a radiation of the urban environment .
The next challenge in Denver was to visit the living environment of the Soviet Union and the United States , and they asked me if I could think of 35 Western countries and think of their connection with the landscape .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
I learned about the last earthquake in Chile , about the earthquake and the sermons that had occurred in the Pacific Ocean .
It moved the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerating the position of the planet and literally increasing the gravitational pull .
I connected with the NOAA , asked them to give me the data of the syndrome , and I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth has spent on day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stained glass , in my own way .
It had very complicated structures .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a barren piece of soil that was 15 times flat .
The audience would now be fully dressed and thoroughly dressed to the ground as part of the city &apos;s living room .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to combine the idea of Thomas Skerer or Hillis .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that climb to the top of the soil .
Although many cities are not yet funded , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , scalable forms .
Now , I combine them with technology and engineering projects to create a tangible , confusing , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from one of my financial friends .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to him .
These people in the Princeton Council were now smuggled by strangers , by strangers , and they were watching the creation , the transformative images , and they were discussing the miracle together .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our sensory systems at the same time , is embedded in this giant array that has the present self and the present self and the present self , and how you can feel and hear it .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right shirt .
And at this moment , we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left corner , our right corner , is something else .
Our left-hand corner is thinking of bed and metaphor .
And our left-hand corner is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
