Until the age of one billion people on this planet will activate social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea worth spreading somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about this part : this is the dawn of a blog by Dr. Miller at the beginning of this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I first asked him that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends required this report that I wrote , and this active website became a passive one . &quot; &quot; Because Millary was a reporter , his brain was probably better written and more sensitive , but in fact , each of us creates a machine that was completely different from the things that were being created by the computer .
Let &apos;s move to statistics for a moment .
Recently , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook employee makes 90 pieces a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best way to do that is to have some photographs and some financial news , or an agenda stuck in something .
And today , we all create this amazing digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think that technology will create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media accounts after our death .
One of them , I got a bit of a wake-up call when I was in Foursquare , and I was in a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
E : Happy idifie.net , not too long .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s kind of creepy , isn &apos;t it ?
That service just allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a space for your loved ones , a space for exhibition , a video , a photograph and a story that can be stored after you died .
But what happens in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dan Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand human language , and by constructing large databases , it &apos;s been improved , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of pleasure , numbers , photographs , transcripts , blogs — that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think some time later , our digital personality has been able to communicate with the real world beyond our death because of the full integrity that we &apos;re creating and thanks to technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , all the things you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be generous .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technology skills .
Step forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots could be able to communicate based on the specific traits of a human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN broadcasting a collection of sweep-and-roll music was demonstrated in their studio for an interview with Andron Coup .
What if we could use the presence of our loved ones by projecting in our living rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lifetime ?
I think this is absolutely possible because the benefits of data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technologies to understand them are spreading rapidly .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for a definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in archaeological technology .
My friend is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of everything we do .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can release this piece — I &apos;ll stick it in front of you . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , the communications , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and at that time , our generation will be reminded as a generation of the Internet that has created something worldwide , something real and right .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible organ .
This is a five-foot , five-foot diameter pipe with Brain A . This is the first virus on the computer .
When we continue to code , the frontal cortex is declining , and this is where it says 0600KO78RUS . The code is declining at the bottom of the code .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Learn to understand meaning .
As a result , I started Googling .
But frustratingly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them said , &quot; &quot; If it &apos;s over , Russia means Russia . &quot; &quot; And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Code : You can find this in certain phone calls , machines .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection between the State Department .
And after several studies , we finally found this WEB site . This guy worked for several years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal . And in this blog , he wrote his life .
Captain Scott &apos;s life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his accident , his friend — and he has a very beautiful car .
This guy is actually doing it .
Mercedes-Benz S6,600 V12 gigatons , more than 400 volts . In St. August , for 20 children , this is a rented car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had a battle .
In the center of Shanghai .
He &apos;d rented another car . And he &apos;d put up photos of his blog .
This is Martians — this is Lara Samari , who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice in Somalia .
It &apos;s over 78RUS if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if it were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime went down ? In many cases it didn &apos;t go so far .
The vast majority of cases don &apos;t work .
We don &apos;t know where the arguments came from . We can find criminals .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I &apos;d like to make it easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
It &apos;s done . It &apos;s called Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable treatment controller , and what drives our construction .
This is what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their job . For example , the upgrading of this building .
They &apos;re actually controlled by one of these .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything is controlled by computers . Everything is controlled by computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary spaces like electricity , we clearly depend on computers &apos; work . And this is really creating .
We need a new way to work .
We &apos;d have a different way of continuing , if computers could even catch up . ( Laughter )
So the problem with preparation is that we can work when things are not there , and it &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about conservation , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If one day you wouldn &apos;t have them for some reason , I &apos;m the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
She &apos;s going to tell us about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do a really challenging job of finding out what criminals are — these organized groups that are going to eat the millions on requests — and that &apos;s more important than protest .
It &apos;s about creating projects or networks .
It &apos;s about finding the people in the standstill , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the people who are comfortable .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to introduce you first to this idea that it only takes two minutes for you to change your body .
But I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s breaking . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all intrigued by the language of the body .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that occur in the intersection , the inexorable buttons , the worldwide faces , or the eye-opening , all the time , the simple hands .
First of all , here they go to the driver assistant .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , like sociologists , we call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and false beliefs .
And they can have a systematic meaning in the critical conditions of life , such as taking a man &apos;s job or making a leap of time .
For instance , a researcher at the University of Texas found that when people watch a doctor and a patient in 30 seconds on a colonoscopy , their doctor &apos;s love would be judged , would I give that doctor a judge , not .
And therefore they must be used intelligently , right ?
We &apos;re at a global level of our minds , our emotions and our organizations .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and it was inevitable that I had to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly interested in the non-zero-sumness of power and superpower .
How do you think power and superpower are the means of not taking control ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about making space bigger .
Jessica Theresa has been studying this phenomenon known as pride and perseverance .
He hands us , smells us , doesn &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what it looks like to have a strong and powerful meeting .
When our face is strong and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I follow my students &apos; movements and I notice that business leaders are really CEOs .
They work in almost two places .
While others are still waiting to go inside , as soon as the audience goes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be considered men , and that &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve noticed .
It &apos;s particularly important for the business administration manager , because the performance is three-dimensional by engagement .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
So I started thinking , for instance , university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are predictions that , yes .
For example , we hate when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to wait for the maggots , the maggots are enjoying us a little more .
It works on the side . It works on the side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : Do we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body , but can our body change the way we consciously ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are the forces and phosphorus different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more self-confident and optimistic .
They really think that the winner is going to come out when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it really depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong leader , a high-level testosterone , but who &apos;s in response to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in fact , and that changes in the faces can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , indelible change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeleton .
You shrink , you shrink .
He &apos;s beating up the piano .
Here &apos;s what happened . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here &apos;s the analysis of testosterone .
It &apos;s just two minutes and it &apos;s like this .
And here &apos;s what happened to the conductor .
It turns out that our body language decides not just about the environment , but about ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
We think this is the kind of opportunity you can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
For the entire five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of your face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is a break .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no concept of hypothesis or experiment conditions .
The emotions of the commons were important during that conversation .
It was just how people represented themselves .
And this was exactly the same for the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And they answered .
They don &apos;t want to be a speleologist .
When I was 19 , I was driving .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
Learning came to the brain in the repair .
I knew my IQ because I was always being smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do it . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years of college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until everything gets done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about that before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for as long as it hasn &apos;t become a part of you .
I want to leave you with one final thought .
Small pulses can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your stress level go up , lower your stress level .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s largest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , even though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people learn .
One billion people out of clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are under threat because of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all of those things , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem ?
And I would like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve identified the 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , epidemics , conflicts , education , financial independence , government and corruption , transportation and food , integration of nature , social conditions and water , and suburbia and anti-corruption .
We think that text represents the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important thing ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was asked in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not right for people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to fix it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving the problems , it &apos;s about solving the culture of solutions .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Cotton .
Different diseases need to be solved by hospitals and sample networks .
Companies with U.N. empowered and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is kind of implausible — write what you think about the major supervillains .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember , we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
Why should it be at the end of the show ?
Please , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbors , and just mention that there must be some of the world &apos;s greatest solutions , some of the world &apos;s greatest problems .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;ve been trained 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure that we &apos;re going to have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why has never been so conducted ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncommon .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a basic set of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of culture that decides , and of course we keep on changing the progress from a second , but in an indirectional way , of course , it would be harder if we actually did the right thing and looked at it and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , we didn &apos;t know the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine you go to the restaurant and you &apos;re given a big list , but you don &apos;t know anything about the boxes .
For instance , you wanted to go in and you didn &apos;t know what to do .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family issue . It could be a very small issue , right ?
They want to know everything .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And the basic work in Copenhagen was like this .
We collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three psyches in each field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? What would it take ?
Like infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The University of Cambridge , amazingly , decided to call them Rebel Mattheid of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their art was , in essence , a set of superheroes .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the expert in malaria .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to deal with these two things first , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do the hard work in that particular way by saying what we should do first and what we should follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there are bad projects , meaning that there are projects where a dollar &apos;s worth of investment is lower .
There is medium , good and good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people would dismiss this , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say , I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about it because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have a disagreement with what you &apos;re saying .
Why is it that doing something more than Coca-Cola is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
All we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average markings of the eco-economic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees with it , would take 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It runs twice the development of the Third World for developing countries .
However , it would be very little useful .
Contrary to all models , the global supply chain will only last 2100 years .
That is , a guy in Bangladesh , who &apos;s going to stop at 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we &apos;ve spent a tremendous amount of money to get a zero .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean drinking water , sanitation with a basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money and do something very negative ?
Or in the middle of that money , doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we had all the money in the world , we would have nothing to do .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — I mean , I &apos;m not going to take all of you — infectious diseases , primary health services — and I &apos;m going to go a little higher than that , just because , yes , healthcare is extremely important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , what this tells us is that we &apos;re suddenly on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So here I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s first generations of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — the fight against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Costs can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their potential to solve lots of other problems that they need to solve , and of course , in both the time scale and the problem of global warming .
The third leadership is freedom .
A common model , if we can reach the bottom and specifically reduce the subsidity in the United States and the United States , we can recreate the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which will be half of the world &apos;s development .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very quickly , in about two to five years .
That would be the third wonderful thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only that , overall , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , particularly with the microbial community .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of methane , zinc , zinc and Vietnam .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem very quickly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to AIDS / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases of waste .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different ways of combating HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is far too low than preventing .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in preventive programs .
With the money we spend , we can do the X number of good things by healing and making things 10 times better .
And again , we will focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our heritage .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you ready to build it ?
Or have you come to the desire here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a fundamental solution .
We certainly have to work towards climate change , even though it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make the case that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These are problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of the members of our dream team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about the impacts of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most dramatic predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be resilient , like a rich Chinese , like everyone in the world , or Congo , 2100 people , and you &apos;re thinking about 2005 , and you &apos;re thinking , &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t it strange that they &apos;re so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really been very concerned about my grandfather or
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , mainly because climate change is so well represented .
Now , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; Afterwards Winter . &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t that wonderful ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Amira to pick the Brad Pitt from his next movie to attempt a snake in Tanzania or something like that . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not movie proper .
That &apos;s why , in many ways , I think the whole research of Copenhagen and corporations has been addressing the challenges .
So we can realize that this is not for us to feel good .
And it &apos;s not to create a foundation for the media &apos;s attention , but to create a foundation for better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re nominating a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developing countries decided that today we should spend twice as much money on developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re on the verge of all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the war in Iraq ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
And that &apos;s what I &apos;m saying .
If any of you could tell Butler about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best money , right ?
The real issue is to go back and think about the best farmers .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick overview : do we really have the right test ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable outcome , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
They only need to learn English in two ways .
Most of them were from developing countries .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the polling stations , and so they did and proposed their own profiles .
And what was interesting was that the demonstrations were the same : in the first place , the problems of obesity and disease and climate change were the end .
We did the same thing over and over again .
There were lots of other symptoms , and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same display .
And that gave me great hope , really , and I can say that I believe we have to go through some ways to start thinking about cultures , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at the Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hoped to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right path for the world , and also start to think about political heritage .
So we start thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do work with big spending , not with things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; And finally , you may not agree with how we define these characteristics , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we &apos;re doing and not doing
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we tend not to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Professor Red Allen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and operating , so we picked the way across the nation state and international treaties , and in short , we chose the farthest possible route .
Somewhere in Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that was going to take me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see the way all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me .
In the first place , the proton is perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that are represented by the Chinese hypochondriac . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and he starts laughing because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese character for the baker &apos;s space . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we do it when it happens , and what does that tell us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but I actually have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about mistakes , or at least miss thinking that we can be wrong .
We understand that very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hero comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , here in the present time , seem to be theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something I &apos;m wrong about .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go for elections , we vote for present day .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed inside a small pocket of our own position .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us , as an individual , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the belief of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most virtuous , moral , intellectual and creative step you can do .
Why are we embedded in a sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Oh my God . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrible , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel this and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroin .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes film where a bright battle still continues , but never gets to a flight .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist runs after the bird , and the bird runs off the back of the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and can run .
But the mirror is behind him .
And this is fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the bill doesn &apos;t have a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re like this janitor when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one of the reasons , the structural reason , that makes us insist on our own position .
I call it the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until very late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why it forces us to constantly have the persuasion of rights and the culture of our society .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in the classroom , and your teacher is blocking the test scores , and one of them looks like this .
This is not an icon , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know exactly what you need to do about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s foolish , he &apos;s creating tensions , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that achieving success in life is a huge error .
We &apos;re learning it very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , have this idea that we should be the perfect computer , professor , heroic .
I always say , PP , head , astrophysics , marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are CEOs and actors of sports and marketing .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get terrified of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman came to the clinical center of Beth Israel Deaconess for surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He &apos;s disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the paintings and sending the patient to his room , cleaning .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in the lower quadrant ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of it is because the surgeon has surgered his left arm , instead .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a lecture on randomness , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For nothing , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all often have is that trustworthy is not a judgment for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we &apos;re doing the opposite , and we &apos;re exploring the possibility that we can make mistakes , and at the time , we &apos;re doing things like , for instance , extracting more than 750 million pounds of clean oil or destructing the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs are completely out of control .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that a lot of us explain it in the same way , by making a lot of hypothetical assumptions .
First of all , when someone says they disagree , we just assume they &apos;re innocent .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the numbers of our bosses .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right argument .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it wrong for their immediate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true makes mistakes preventing us from allowing us to be right , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But the most amazing thing for me and the most controversial thing is that it connects the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are like a transparent wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very humbling .
Your idea is great , not that you see the world as it is .
It &apos;s by watching the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine each other in another place .
And we all do it in different ways , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for the same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; When Auguste thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes in the human system is not something that we can destroy or win .
It mainly fascinates us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all the other creatures , we try to find the answer to that by Galois .
I think the search for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot about the communication of this American Life called The American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started to think that all stories were going wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating .
And I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , what we &apos;re finding is that each of our communications has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought that this thing should happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Rah Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to make those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our reviewers , are going to give those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive conditions and temporary relations .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think something &apos;s going on , but instead something else is happening .
George Bush thought he was going to invest in Iraq , finding a peaceful liberation , liberating people and bringing peace to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the rape of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she becomes very old or diseased and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and educate one child .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very disturbing book , something that everybody was giving for a small group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , is God .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought it was . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s my avatar ? Chris . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another context .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a wonderful relationship .
I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go outside of this tiny space of your own privacy , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , the complexity and the complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee came up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed the leader of Liberia May , the Chief of Liberia .
Nozoa originally agreed to kill it immediately , but at the same time , spending time on little galleries , he and other people started planning comments on dozens of sites in New York City including drums , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Center bombsight didn &apos;t stop .
Natalia , in the end , was arrested for intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 by Egyptian engineers , and my beloved mother and teacher , who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family started to change dramatically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you &apos;ll find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the necessary means for other people to live like them .
A few months ago , she sat me down and explained that the day before the event , she and her friends went to London to make a decision to replicate .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the replication zone in Calcutta , which had no knowledge whatsoever from our group .
When my hero was ready to go , my father helped me hold my sister and explained to the jury for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last flash of light that I had , it strikes me with a little light on the top of the fence , and , surprisingly , everybody , especially me , the whole flag had broken .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; Be careful . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed a lot about that comment , but after just a few years , I totally understood what they thought was so ridiculous .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father had received .
These guys , eventually , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of cotton fields to put a minibus on the World East Coast in Saudi Arabia , which resulted in a fight that killed six people and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people that I called marriage , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , it was time to gather and move a different city .
Being the new face of the classroom , I always became a garbage man .
I had hidden myself in my classroom so that I wouldn &apos;t be a fan , but it turns out that being a brand new kid in the classroom was more than enough soldiers .
So I spent a lot of time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
And because of that , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by immortal measures such as the race or religion of man .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on youth violation , and spending most of my life being a witness to gain , which was something I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I discovered that one of the children I was with was lunch .
It took a few days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and , frankly , I had the privilege of winning a vaccine that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
There was another environmental fact that came when I found a monthly job in Budrus in entertainment .
There , I was surrounded by various beliefs and cultures , and that experience became a phenomenon in the development of my personality .
I had learned that balance was a man , and more broadly , all the Arabic had an exceptional effect .
This led me to work with armorals during the summer , and I soon found out that many of them are the wealthiest , least prosecutors I &apos;ve ever met .
By leaning a child in my hand , I &apos;ve created a compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the stories that I had learned as a child with an experience and an interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an army , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be with me about my civilization , and he helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with human nature .
He had a great model for me when I needed it .
Inspiration can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own parenting father , which has never been lost .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of an eye that had enough depression for the rest of his life , and he said , &quot; What ? &quot;
At that point , I realized how much expensive it takes to keep all that energy in the middle .
Now , feeling alive is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to reunite my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m hoping that someday , someone who &apos;s related to violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the inevitable ideology , but I was not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to advocate for terrorism , for globalization .
I do it for the magicians of terrorism and their loved ones , terrible pain and loss that brought terrorism to their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk to you about these unmeaningless actions , and I &apos;m going to judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stop here as an example that violence is not unique to any religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow his father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Plasticity is what they &apos;re looking for .
&quot; &quot; Beauty &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who are standing after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they rely on the water to make their lives .
This whole notion allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer products to the ability to repair our ecosystem .
It allows us to destroy the abyss , which , fortunately , we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If happiness is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repair is the ability to repair and develop .
A rising tide gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system and accepts our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and explore the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The pharmaceutical evidence that a traditional way for many people in the world is very common , they &apos;re highly common .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of beef .
Communication is very easy , go to the screen , stay away from the screen , think again before you go to the drug .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the vegetables .
We cannot keep making this happen if we measure its success by changing the frequencies of the species including in the red and the red .
But what if we just ate vegetables ?
This is a map of the thunnus albatross , unsafe .
A card is raped and unstable .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s also good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the main element , the main editor .
What &apos;s the essence of this restaurant ?
Do I prefer the size of 450 pounds ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
I may want to be green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I heard that the red gene is very healthy , the antioxidants and the minerals are very healthy .
That &apos;s great . I love that red line .
I &apos;m so busy . I &apos;m so healthy .
Okay , how long will you tell me that I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a conditional problem .
We have lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay the value of it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value from the fact that the drug is trained in recognition .
And we hide that value under the income of the prison .
So the restorative benefit is that it matters what we need .
The most extreme articles can be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Goodbye , but by Goly Gene .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that bridge is a new name .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that broccoli can be a new one .
We have to keep eating the best cows if , of course , we eat them all .
But we have to eat it with lots of junk food .
The best part of sustainable leather is that it &apos;s halfway through — a series of buttons of Toby and the potatoes of the center .
It &apos;s added to a 142-gram puppet filled with Dijon and a spider filled with bilateral pieces and a kitchen filter filled with bilateral broccoli , so thick and soft , a slightly cooled and vegetated piece of paper with a Japanese beetle .
E : Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the wonderful thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America from the times we &apos;re eating right now .
Silicon Valley fights to save the oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget the Mediterranean . We need to fear the milk .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produced to improve our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Happiness is a mere thing , but smell is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leaders of the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that deserves no concern about food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our space .
There &apos;s a little unconditional fear .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we cannot ever have a fearless snack food to feed the environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing domestic policies , the media are trying to increase the amount of waste .
Research shows that tens of thousands of Americans , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more if we invest more .
It &apos;s the part that I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about documents .
It &apos;s about how we look at our landscapes .
As a quick coach , I understand that the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize landmines .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the things that got less white .
They got more calories because of multiple food .
They got healthier . I made more money .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the context of the human winner .
Another thing we did was we started to multiply performance — little Japanese sandwiches , nanoes , rubber , syringe .
The bridges , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were all kinds of things .
We &apos;re adding layers to more flexible , more powerful , repair .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But it &apos;s also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snippets , those kind of models , the green wish that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very much like any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start a big fish with 450 grams .
Take the fish . Take the fish for four parts .
Think of them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples out of prison and then open up the best kitchen you have , buy them and drink them .
Think about the possibility of eating this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and repeat once a year , maybe .
I have a big expectation of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
I was fortunate that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the white supremacist , and they talked to a lot of white sugar and a little bit of white sugar , usually .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a fishing restaurant .
I start screaming .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s terrible .
But the most terrifying news that you &apos;ll hear and hear about the condition of our oceans made me want to tell you about it is probably the single greatest time that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For an objective , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and slow and fascinating things that I don &apos;t think I can do .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for composers that come from birth in front of my personal history .
And for the community , we start from the very beginning .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;ll share the rest , we &apos;ll start screaming , we &apos;ll repair it .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat small porcupines .
And we have to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my conductor &apos;s name , the song .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation of Nelson Mandela , the foundation of his HIV / AIDS fund .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robben was arrested .
Here I am with Yusor USA , one of the most fascinating moments of my life .
The following day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come together in Mandela , where he was going to spend the rest of the world &apos;s month , standing in front of his first battlefield of prison .
And you can see the wall here .
This was a huge event for everybody .
Right now , Malala was introduced to the world that there was a real disconnect in her country , that in this Protestant state there were thousands of people dying every day , and that the Swedes were leading the most vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic had this effect on women .
So I went back to South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so , following that , I went through every 464 organized mechanism that I had to be present to . I saw Mamela Salinas , the interviews , the ones that I was most concerned with as a musician , addressing all my constraints about Mandela &apos;s purpose , for his purpose .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everyone in the world is increasing the Nobel Laureate .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa in their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I now put money out there and tell people what was happening there , they &apos;ll just go down .
I was very , very lucky two years later to meet Asma , who is the founder of the campaign , the unimaginable part of the campaign .
I met him at one of the 464 translations .
He was wearing this kind of armor that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this subject seems like a disconnect between hallucination , I say , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be dependent . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this particular organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They have tremendous support for the people who live on the verge of infection .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re asking questions about controversy .
The act of doing it is really quite controversial .
And yes , my Song programmer supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and raise money for the last one .
Most of the funding that I was able to get , went to the Treatment Action Campaign and volunteered to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song store .
I &apos;m basically in the song business , and three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Hong Kong trying to make people own money .
In Yugosembourg , I had the opportunity to play basically a whiteboard , medieval sub-Saharan African audiences , who finally started screaming , because I &apos;m using a minimum movie that really impacts the heart of this terrible translation and its entire nature that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to hide , because they &apos;re inspired , and they really don &apos;t know what the solu@@
His Holiness , the Health Leads of today , was also present in this choir , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly able to make change in that field that was so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
And then in Scotland , I became the IMF official .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to increase the level of the reality of HIV .
Here she is in Edinburgh with the children of the Anglo-Mexico Church I just preserve .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re already pregnant because their parents are HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting next to Michael Sidwich , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And it was a great honor for me that Michael invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of HIV in UNAIDS .
And this is how I encourage my talk to extend my wallet .
The lesson that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS worldwide is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from a mother to a baby in 2015 .
That &apos;s a fairly common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved with the support of political tools .
This is possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we hate , and we both hate , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting a cure and her life can be repaired so that she can carry the child that she &apos;s about to carry the light world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing maternal child transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is the kind of thing that we need to do with AIDS epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here it is : Avalley . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Ella &apos;s mother was infected with HIV . She died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she had already witnessed exposure to HIV , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her at one of the clinics in East Capitol , and we spent a whole evening after her , just a tiny baby .
And doctors and nurses simply couldn &apos;t see .
They built a special food restaurant for a girl , and they followed and sold her great .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So it &apos;s obvious that it was a very emotional meeting that gave us unnecessary memories , this child , you already know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalil again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve lost because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the change in the character that happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This scaling of wounds is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have this transformation .
So I want to challenge each of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get food and effective health care , and you believe that the United States for Development Goals , in particular the fifth and third , which all governments in the world need to be inspired by , particularly , East Africa , can I challenge myself ?
I think I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that nearly all of you in this audience are going to stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go from reality , and it allows us today to do what science is going to break .
As a cyber growth , I &apos;m combining the age of excitement and science so that you can feel the benefits of future technologies .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s new technology . You &apos;re looking at the road and the world that you see coming in with information : names , lights , buildings , perhaps one day in the street with the names of the passengers you have .
Here &apos;s my mental workload .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
When you look through the street , you &apos;re scanning the brain of a cyber bullet .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
This is it . Let &apos;s mention that the next time we see it , we know it .
Very good . Very important note .
Let &apos;s put it in the middle section and start .
( Music ) Voice : The record is ready . The record is passed .
Marco Times : For those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , I would say it has four different symbols : love , green , hot and gray .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think four marks represent four meals a year .
E : Woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo . My favorite thing is silver . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a refrigeration zone , when temperatures become like ice , water , soil , and then everything goes away .
Each marker has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single video represents 13 full-time Philadelphia .
MT : So here &apos;s the information , the process , and the light in the middle .
Voice : Losen is one of the strongest motivators of the mind .
The MT players have two colors .
Here &apos;s the colors and the sounds that are encouraged by the overnight and the overall metaphor .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that happens is that the toy has 52 tickets , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws per birthday .
Keep going . ( Cheers ) Voice : Hold up , don &apos;t get real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was the sixth birthday that I received my first birthday prescription , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world — charming both boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even the brothers and sisters — ( Applause ) SW : Who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are the br@@
Go ahead .
Jack . Hey , MT : Are you ready for your show ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I hate my cartoon .
MT : Be careful . Jack . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing you to another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? How should it be nine or five ?
Of course not . A sponsor needs 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course this is all working . Some people will say pleasure is the act of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just answered , no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; no , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Exactly not so intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you play with a professional player , which is how you allocate your cards by playing with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s a chance of 4165 .
MT : Yes , but it seems to me that my cards are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : And so it remains to me the latest and most important aspect of the play card .
Unlike everything we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the challenge of taking a picture every day .
I &apos;d never been that comfortable .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were large , and I was thrilled to be a student — the life of the elixir , the joy and the joy of the journey .
When I was a kid , I was really struggling , unsafe and totally fearful , afraid of people , of the future , of failure , and the judgment that I felt .
I , finishing the semester , I was going to go out and I was singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I did when I first heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and determination were there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reproduce whatever I was doing .
&quot; He &apos;s going to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was strangely and hopeful , even though I noticed that the sound was changing , and it was occasionally improving my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
It started with a process of analysis : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t really happening .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For instance , I was a student television adviser who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with a psychiatrist , a long time later , I said , &quot; &quot; Hi , Dr. , I have to go .
That was the moment that things started to happen .
From the beginning of the patient , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the main thing was that I was exposed to a tremendous amount of hopelessness and awkwardness in terms of myself and my images .
But being able to perceive that sound as not as an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful to reflect it .
At that time , it was essentially present in the acceptance of my own mind as a kind of anti-intellectual post-war , and it was a kind of anti-intellectual war , and it caused a lot of the sounds that were going on , which were going strong and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle between fear , hopelessness , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt utter and unable to achieve a level of peace and skill .
Two years later , the procedure was transparent .
Until now I had the whole repertoire of play — terrible sounds , strange videos — strange and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of despair and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
A disconnected and disconnected person began that journey , but the person who came to me was saved and ultimately made me a fortune to be patient .
Many people have inspired me in my life , and I remember them all , but those memories make me poor and poor compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the month is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and admirable people who fought with me and for me , and those who expected me to come back from that feeling alone .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so abstract and so consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning , which I initially rejected as a verb .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to negotiate as my own idea of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the abuse of sounds that I really believed .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Then do one .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
Looking at this , I recently collected the benefits of my incarcerated self , each broken voice , strangely avoided psychiatry from all medications , just this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , to be part of the international organizational movement of auditory voices , a company that has received his idea from Professor Marisa Rome and Dr. Sandy Acheers , who believes that listening to sounds relies on survival rituals , on normal reaction , not beyond the obvious burden of chephenomenon , that needs to be considered a different
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of evolving .
In other words , social change , if it &apos;s bad , it &apos;s going to happen .
I can &apos;t grant someone who &apos;s proud .
I can &apos;t press people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the web in five continents , in 26 countries that have joined together in dealing with dignity , unification and rights to extend people with intellectual disabilities to create new languages and hope that represents unprecedented trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , a human animal is made of spores that are intertwined with the basic ability to treat and use this basic ability with a mental soul .
In this way , there is no more reason and courage for the public than to facilitate the treatment of the patient — to be honest , to get out of the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are naked . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
Once a wonderful physician said to me , &quot; &quot; Give me a blessing of what else they told you about you .
You tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are pictures you can &apos;t get with your camera lens .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was mixed with my curiosity to paint , but it was a little different , because in the photographic projection process , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a scanner , the process ends when you paste the dot .
And photography , to me , means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you push the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the reality .
When I say reality , I mean photography .
Because , of course , these images are not actually possible , but I always want them to look as if they were possible in some way .
Pictures require a moment to think about the potential .
And this has come up with more ideas than just a moment ago .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to detail , or are the colors the main ?
Is it about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as the pieces of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make a different reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in the three-dimensional world .
But to be connected in another way , we can create something else that looks like a three-dimensional thing , as if something like this is possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we treat our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process comparing photographs .
It &apos;s just a bunch of different realities .
Photography becomes more real , I think , than those of us that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you compare the pictures , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is going wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention three basic rules that we have to follow to make the reality come out .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by comparing them , we can get images like this .
First rule is : Conventional pictures should still have the same vision .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to the two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same altitude and light .
Third , you need to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images , making them anonymous .
You have to discover any idea about creating images .
Comparing the colors , the concentrations and the light between the boundaries of different images , adding photographs , such as , for example , depth , by mixing the colors and increasing the digital flag , we &apos;re covering the differences between different images and becoming a single image , despite the fact that a picture can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only the bottom part of it that &apos;s changed .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of all the different landscapes .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas of incentives .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
As soon as I had this idea running , I knew I had a few months to make it , that I would find all sorts of files to get some of these images .
For example , this fish was taken during fisheries .
The apples are taken from elsewhere .
The part of George &apos;s brain was painted in the arm .
And something else , I want to leave the house , and I &apos;ve turned a little red to make it look a little bit more spectacular .
To get really close , everything ends up being planned .
I always start with sexiness , ideas .
And then I start composing different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you took a good picture , the result could be pretty beautiful and at the same time real .
So here we are , and the only thing that limits our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Juliano , a brave soul .
It turns out that Wikipedia , your little baby , over the past few years , has published more one-on-one reports than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Could it be right ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it wonderful that the remaining media in the world is doing so bad that a small group of activists can transmit more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : How does that work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can tell , classical discoveries , and for them , we have a lot of ways to get information to us .
And we only use the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to cross various rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get information in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in a vacuum , we probably miss that information .
( Video ) Narrator : Thank you .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPI , it &apos;s asking what the code of the TED Conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what came out of your side a few years ago .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol &apos;s friend .
This was a secret investigation after the government of Kenya in 2004 .
Just before 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel March , about 18 years ago .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kevin was in power , through a series of calligraphic forces trying to clean up the corruption , they gave this talk , they spent about two million pounds on that and drive .
And then the government used it and used it as a political solution for May , which was the wealthiest man , and now is the wealthiest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of quantitative journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election , the national election , the 28th of December .
When we spoke that evening , we spoke three days after the fact that a new project , Kleiber , was deciding to interact with the man who came out with him , Daniel Arthur Miro , and this conversation , he became a professor at Cambridge .
CA : And to cut a long story short , the discussion that Kenya has spoken about is not about the content , it &apos;s not about the content , it &apos;s not about the content , it &apos;s about the results of the election .
JA : There you go . And this is the head page of Google , and then it was printed in all the countries around Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of that .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that the Mandela of Kenya speaks about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television station , the vote changed 10 percent from a genetic research interview , and it changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world ?
E : Ooh .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong newspaper ; I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I look at your object , and there are about four cords , now , young ...
You &apos;re free . Well done .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re stuck . Come on .
Play zero .
No , no , no .
( Gunshot ) Don &apos;t worry . Don &apos;t worry . ( Gunshot click ) Don &apos;t worry .
And then — ponytail , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah .
We need to move now .
Well , we were also fascinated by the violence .
Now , we see two birds , and we still breathe .
Rogers . I bought them .
Child : This is Ground Zero , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
The guy says , &quot; &quot; Clean . &quot; &quot; Well , here we go . &quot; &quot; I hacked them .
CA : What did that have an effect ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge effect .
Finally , we sent two hearts to Bach to study a more detailed story .
This is just the first of three trials that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 psychologists have died in that arrangement , yes , that seems to be two Roters .
JA : There we go . From two rollers , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this accusation has become a source of abundance .
What was , for you , the real reason of anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power disagreements .
Here you see men walking barefoot in the street , and then an April mile in the air , dropping a 30-millimeter dose of homicide on everyone , finding all kinds of sacrifices to do that and killing people in the orphanage .
And there were two programmers there that were simple that they weren &apos;t dominant , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , brandley Mannings , who has been casting momentum , and it turns out that he &apos;s been casting this video at a conference about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we were worried that we were getting these kinds of radio tracks .
He was recruited about five days ago , 150,000 radio masts and 50 cents ago .
We did a radio show at the beginning of the year by the U.S. Capitol , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
My idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : If you were to get the U.S. Department of Digital Service on thousands of TV programs ...
JA : We were going to hook them up . ( CA : Yes ? ) AA : Huh ? ( CA : Well , since these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art of Arab government looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what are the materials .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that monitoring secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what information in the world is important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend economic momentum to discover information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is presented , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are familiar with it are familiar with it , domestic companies spending money on it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to individuals or authorities , to a broad range of society , that a speech can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
That is , we have policies of neglect .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your information after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that make the foundations good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption that the United States soldiers are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How do you think ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bhutan , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it .
So it doesn &apos;t change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to light up what you think companies and governments are smart secrets .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victorians yet .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , we have a hard situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to keep our cleanliness , not to stop it .
CA : I would actually just like , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there may be two types of Wikipedia and Juliet .
You know , hero , the character of character who brings this important light .
It &apos;s a dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : Just kidding , Galileo , by the way .
We need to try a little bit . Let &apos;s give them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JA : So this is something we do every day .
Last November , a number of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call , a random engineering analysis , saying that , in fact , security agencies from some content , some intelligence agencies were actually going to hire military fighters out there and fix them .
And that some of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything up there , so it was a very difficult paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the companies in the world are trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what paper is it ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to do that ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the author &apos;s name was written in the Department of Michael Ward .
Here we go .
( Applause ) Those things have often happened .
This is one of our methods , for example , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : Wow . What information did you get from the inside of the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve done a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of effort and engineering effort .
And so the majority of our exhibitions in the last few months have gotten smaller , because we are reclaiming the systems because of the extraordinary social interest that we have .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization grows , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to keep and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , basically , for a journalist and a journalist ?
JA : There you go , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to repair it so that we have people who engage with the highest security of the nation , and then with lower security .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were thrown out of garbage , so the two parties ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a phenomenal component of paranoid development .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age , you were also faced with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a writer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed up for it .
That &apos;s why you have to feel different words .
I mean , there &apos;s a way that you can use it for all sorts of things .
Unfortunately , this time , most of it is used by the rice matrix to control your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this phrase is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some form of life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed the pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different lesson , from the older people who have lived in my life .
CA : I mean , people of the age didn &apos;t want to make pigs ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighting man , and there &apos;s no way to get food , but there &apos;s a different way to get food for soldiers , which is to control crime .
And it &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local media service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , it &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank account was the percentage of the economy left in the U.N.
Anyway , we &apos;re doing this in Hollywood last year .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it came out , and as a movie , the press conference appeared , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the scene all the time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political tools in Iceland and other international law enforcement experts , we set up a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an open air filter for a free monkey , with the most powerful media efforts in the world and the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that matter , Norway can use the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Director .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Juliano .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be ahead of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure the situation is going to advance .
That is , there is a huge gap between the legislation and the legislation of freedom of speech — the U.S. , China and the United States .
Which side to develop ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because we can only move it around with a little bit of effort .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julian , was tough and strong and humiliated .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my boss , who is now here , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting advertisements and stories , 17 interesting advertisements in cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal impulse is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a wonderful education , I &apos;m not in the field , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to achieve the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these tapes there .
Here we have the descendants of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Royce and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City subway .
There are two ways to stay . It &apos;s very expensive .
Please go there and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can turn around and run .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware and stick it in .
You go in and you have to go until the very end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take a picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most paintings , the Pete Bringel Gardens in Mathare .
You see the money sign .
If the canvas gave us those images , you can stick on it .
This is just one of those images .
So this is all metadata .
Those of you who are really interested in culture can beat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve incorporated in our prison using cognitive technology .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missiles .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to have 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awkward .
But then you want to draw a closer picture .
And I started studying it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the picture and I noticed that these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I spoke to several of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called &quot; &quot; Seal , &quot; &quot; where children dress up in the wild on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now coming closer , we &apos;re approaching the tide .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they have actually gotten .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Next time , you &apos;ll see it in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite features , the night of God , the example I showed you , was to just see the details .
What if you want to see the rings of the smell ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this .
You put the image in , it &apos;s like you &apos;re in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to this picture of my favorite painting , and I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this .
Now , on the other side of me , I &apos;m going to show you a very nice opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called the Clean .
Each one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , has a big home or not .
You can make your own postcard online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , as you &apos;re thinking , we &apos;ve created something called the power to generate a photo , you can change the size of a photo .
This is Hyperides from the Asian Empire .
You can write magazines and send them back to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They were given to us by these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are shortly demonstrating works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you make it to reproduce the seeds ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply encourages me to look at walls .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and also some of the supernatural creatures called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course , I do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the context . In my talk , you &apos;ll have a few circles .
I was born in Seattburg , French family .
For a while , my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the late 1970s , in Arizona , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up obsessed with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , contemporary , marginalized woman .
And from the other kingdom , my grandmother , who was also very motivated by me , but with more intellectual values , little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to watch a masterpiece and get horrible images from a molten mouse , not looking down .
Many were coming to my grandmother with heavy socks , people or dresses , with arms .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would pick up a red carpet and drink it as much as they wanted to get out of the marrow .
And then , one more member of the cluster was put in a cardboard needle .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk about these kinds of things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who are addressing my grandmother with skeletal issues , I haven &apos;t seen that there &apos;s no problem .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nerdy lesson , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract or abstract or human spirit , then you have to surround it with the heavens .
And it &apos;s going to square from the inside .
Now we all live in a circle of social and culture .
Yes , we all do .
We &apos;re all born in a certain family , a certain nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the worlds that we belong to , then we could end up with a threat to extract ourselves from the inside .
Our persistence would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members , all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our phenomena .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a light bulb , or they cover the wall so that the images can be extracted from it .
It &apos;s an old archaeological norm based on the belief that human beings don &apos;t have healthy enough time to quit their job .
Through this project , people like statues who live in communities are at greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the liberals and the conservatives , the hysteria and the beliefs , the rich and poor , in the East and the Army .
We intend to build buildings based on the landscape and then reveal the story of the people on other planets .
I think the only way to win this cultural gait is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps inside our mental walls .
And through those discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compute what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a lawyer ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly concerned about my mental health .
I kept telling stories at home , which was all right , but I kept telling my school friends that it was all wrong .
I was an autobiographical child talking to colorful minds and asking for help from objects when I was talking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible thing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction , for me , was self-organizing , rather than sending a trip to other lives , but potentially .
I &apos;m going to ask you to name it a little bit . I &apos;m going to do a little twist , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I moved from this little , nurturing , sort of middle-class housing where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful Matty school where I was just outside .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were taught by children of various nations , but nonetheless , this diversity did not touch a colossal , equal citizenship class .
Instead , it created a mindset where every child was viewed not as an individual , but as a large one .
We were kind of like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with your own nation or your own belief .
This kid , or this kid , used to be an infinite amount of money and put it into pieces .
And I knew it very well , because at the time that I was privileged to go to that school , there was a war crash in my country , and there was very little left by a man in charge of the homeless people of my nation , the Khmer Rouge and the Turkey War .
( Laughter ) That day , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in September , and they were interested in how many times I spent every day , because they thought all sawdust was a waste of the world , and they were surprised that from age I had to start opening my mind .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three ways in my country : politics , civics and the leaders .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt that my existence was the only thing I could do with myself .
Stories made me feel focused , sustainability and success — these were three things that I always needed .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Samuel , a town I support .
I lived in many , many wildlife environments where I wrote some of my vacations .
I was in Tampa , 1999 , when the T.B.
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that caught me off .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sold a drink from the soul and never spoke to the public domain .
She was sitting next to a transistor who had been wearing long and hard tornadoes , and she was wearing these tornadoes back and forth .
I saw this man with his bare hands opening the door of the sandwich and poisoning him , and these images of the Great Depression are still in my mind , the conservation grandeur and the transistor lying on a tree together .
In the face of death and destruction , our national difference and we all become individual , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but with good reading , we leave our little , wealthy wildlife behind , and we come out of the closet overnight and we start meeting people we &apos;ve never met before or perhaps have meaningfully identified .
So a little while later , I started charging the women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more than global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m an embodiment , I &apos;m an embodiment .
I like to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living all the time and all the time .
Because , initially , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a great deal between mind and language .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : autism is very depressing .
At that time , my grandmother , who was following my life , began to immerse myself in her victims , that I would marry , so that I would be able to go somewhere and keep going .
And because God loves my grandmother , I married her .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Samuel , I &apos;ve begun to translate life into Arizona and Sumbo . These two parts of the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been cheerleaders , physically or mentally .
Stories are always conducive to me , keeping all of my particles and memories together , and they act like an existential song .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they &apos;re losing their magic — if , when , as a story , more than a story .
I &apos;d like you all to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I had a very interesting look at it by a written president .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one figure , it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events happened at the Boston College , it was normal for me to think that the characters of the Olympics needed more than the waters , but I understood what my counterparts were looking for .
And so I realized that I was going to keep him quiet .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a woman , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also need to see how self-determination affects the way that stories are distributed and revised .
Many scripts feel this impression , but neither Argentinian authors feel that way .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death as I am , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about death women , and you &apos;re expected to have horror stories of death for women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages , messages and types of stories , and surround yourself with colleagues who work hard and hard .
What I felt when I was a kid at Maidai &apos;s school is now in the physical world .
They don &apos;t look at it as an independent creative person , they look at it as representatives of their culture , some of them from China , some of them from Turkey , some of them from Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not normal .
In one of the 1984 interviews , James Baldina asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that he was a gay author , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . I don &apos;t have anything special in me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in everybody that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of personality tries to emphasize us , our liberty rises .
There &apos;s a mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are joined together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural process in Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three letters — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as an informal , you know .
( Laughter ) We were struck not because we were writing the same art gum or literature .
We were brought together by our characters .
There are many cultural authors waiting for them to write real stories , not so many arrangements .
The sequence is recovered .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the characters who are lost in order to become great representatives .
But I should add that the idea of seeing more of the story doesn &apos;t just come from Abraham .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to respond to the words of my favorite characters .
They were waiting for me to write a book about the construction and the family of a woman .
My microbial story made a significant difference when I was asked .
Some criticized me , and others criticized me for post-conflict .
Sometimes my desire to get close to both sides reminded me it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to distort my work .
I want to love and enhance the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
The guards are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views for that , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last one in responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority disconnects us . The statement is connected .
One is about inevitable conditions .
The other one is the details .
One is boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of authority seems to be built out of iron .
And the reaction is like running water .
In August , there were scattered images called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were buying hearts , storytelling , and they were telling these stories very often .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everybody could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even silhouette , death media , not death media .
The narratives were bordered by borders , like Hawaii Nashadeen cocktails , which were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to cover the boundaries .
When Palestinian politicians and Israeli politicians talk , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books of the High Line and vice versa , combining and taking the story together .
Science brings us to that .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books were saved by an incandescent girl like I was then .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader , Shammy Terries , and the first thing he did was to sit down and watch Rumi &apos;s books disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you higher than the uncertainty . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural mythology is not consistent with knowledge ; we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I really like : life is like a side effect .
A leg on the side is permanent ; it &apos;s packed in a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is in constant motion , expanding a full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Part of it is surprised by the congestion charges of Samuel , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and elsewhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Philippines desert , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called the Jain council .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the kind of teachers that are in the worth of things .
We view them as pristine supernatural creatures , like water , that seems to be out of the woods and boost desiccation .
But more such teenagers need writers and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen after 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I may write about a woman in my survey of death , and I may have a very happy story , and the other book I may write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are scared of our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m living . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; Great . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students learn in creative literature these days is to write about what you know ?
So that &apos;s not all the right way to start .
The authority is not going to matter who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach the young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like actors who build circles with their passions .
They connect all humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make life easier for all of us , whether we love it and love it , man , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more in the game world .
It &apos;s so far from the reality that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on an Austrian ideal problem .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
Over time , we become more cooperative and failed species .
And as a result , we build larger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like play .
Just before the game was over , we had the scraps .
People were beating . People were fighting .
This is truly amazing .
Compared to Heroes , 18 years later , the president decided to play the last game .
We want to visualize the gains , and then provide people with the educational gains .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have positive data on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , comprehension of knowledge , resilience , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is really a very , very small idea , is to travel the way for billions of big ideas that are currently in us .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt guilty for my own personal experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I broke my arm , I put five on my right eye .
And I started my career with the wine .
And in that process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that more effectively , inspired and happy life needs to be enough .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the stairs .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s resistance has become a barrier of morality .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at putting four hours in the first night .
What else did I say ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep for about five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coffee showing you the privilege .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited me to the front , and said , &quot; &quot; Hey , let &apos;s meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re going to probably tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is exactly right , but nowhere , I &apos;m going to get a race to play , I &apos;m going to get a two-colonoscopy call and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so unseen and efficient
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the subject before it falls to Titanic .
And we had too many tests with our Tibetans .
It makes me feel like , if Lesbos Bank manages Lesame brothers and sisters , it could still be underwater .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , his sister would probably have noticed this , because he would have been reading from 7.5 hours to eight hours a day , and you would have seen the full picture .
Now we have all kinds of roads all over the world , and what &apos;s useful for us as individuals , which will increase happiness , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and help the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us . Open the motors and discover your strength .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s a story about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting to use it for many years .
Today , I use this material to create a scaffolding , scaffolding , scaffolding , scaffolding classrooms in different parts of the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;d never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after the college was over , I had seven art schools , and everybody was upset .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got the chance to visit India with the Fulbright project .
By creating a dystopian portrait , I built the inside , and I spent time in Mathare itself .
The day of the show was coming , and I didn &apos;t know .
We had to do something .
The characteristic village was famous for crime .
So I tried making a Bronze Age .
But making a great job was difficult and difficult .
She came out of the closet and started watching the fishes unfold and wrestle and wrestle .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I saw it in a different way , as a new way of creating a landscape , as a way of creating a landscape with no greater material .
I was surprised by the first scene of arrest to these fishermen .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Llow Controns . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To take a picture , we put the web up on the screen .
What I &apos;ve discovered is that thin , flexible buildings , they develop images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I was interested in the details that I received as a result , but I wanted to create more and more stuff , to change the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
So back to India , after the fishermen working there , we created a manufacturing network , a million and a half connections , and in short order , we performed in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was the anthropologist Manuel Solar Marsales , who restored the metropolitan area in Portugal , Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent project for the city .
I don &apos;t know if I can do that by maintaining my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in relation to the materials with the materials themselves .
I spent two years looking for details that would describe electromagnetic waves in the solar , wind , wind , hydrothermal vents , but at the same time remain so hot that they would be buried out of the wind .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we took the star 20 tons .
We had to deal with the engineering approach , which is , the scale moves from the bottom up to the bottom .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant architect in Asia who designed tools for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hapfield .
He helped me solve two big problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the handheld arms didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with the farmers in the town , and I went out to the battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no programming language that translated that traditional manufacturing artifact into machine production .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , you had a 15-kilometer network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation there was nothing left .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and incomplete spectrum .
Now it was a perceptual space .
I think of it for the first time .
And while I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the ceiling and at the same time being connected to the unknown .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to explore two new directions in my work .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to make it aspirational , the scale needed to be more subtle than the Internet .
So we tried to get a zero match by mixing water with particles that change maps , and we found that people could also interact with this material and move it through without falling .
This is a classical material that I use to visualize the tracks of the subway stations at the moment of the process , as if it were the x-rays of the urban environment .
The next challenge in Denver was to visit the Library of the North and South America , and they asked me if I could represent the connection between 35 West Indian countries and the context of them .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to do , but I said yes .
It turned out that in China , the last earthquake and the Vietnamese had been analyzed by the whole Pacific .
It was moving the tectonic chairs of the Earth , accelerating the pace of the planet and literally blocking the gravitational pull .
I joined NOAA , and I asked them to give me sensory data , and they transformed this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it on top of a rock star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the original figure with a garden with a needle that was 15 times short of steel .
The classroom would now be fully drunk and thoroughly filled with buildings that would be part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network would interact with patterns and models .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to combine Thomas Square or Helen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the top of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional objects and user interfaces .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering techniques to create products that are diverse , disruptive , that arrive at the top of the building .
My creative spirits are expanding .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he was never interested in art , he never went to a local art department , and now he was able to take him out of the building and say to himself in order to be under the table .
Those people in the House of Records have now been washed up by their anonymous other people , watching the creation , the images that transformed the landscape and connected the wonder together .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual intimacy , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that the two islands of them are completely separated from each other .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , the form of energy , communicates with all of our senses at the same time , is embedded in this huge gap that has the present self and the present needs the present self and the meaning and how you can feel and listen .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right-hand shirt .
And at this moment , we are perfect , we are complete and beautiful .
My left-hand column , our left-hand column , is something else .
Our left-hand column thinks of race and metaphor .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
