By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea pointing out , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this : this was the dawn of a blog by Dr. Milley at the beginning of this year — he was a reporter for science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I was asked earlier that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and it &apos;s going to be an active website . &quot; &quot; Because Miller was a journalist , his head was probably well-written and more carefully designed , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating a tool that &apos;s very different from the stuff that was being invented before .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Right now , every minute YouTube video is uploaded to 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook customer makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they have to do is they have to make some pictures and economic clips , or an agenda that &apos;s in some corner .
And we &apos;re all creating an incredible rich digital campaign that will stay upright for many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technology , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we know some of the services that are created to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and our social media outcomes .
One of them found me quite well when I was visiting in Forsquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Death : Aye ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net until very late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , right ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Empires .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones online , with broadcast videos , with photos and stories that can appear after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and build huge amounts of data is increasing , it can be analyzed throughout life by pleasure , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , through all the gratitude that we create and through technology , through the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter records , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , outcomes can be very pleasant .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , with improving our technology skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots could actually communicate to the characteristics of a certain species based on the characteristics of the hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being made in its lifetime ?
Finally , going back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN reported a column of sweatshoppers at random to interview Andron Coup .
What if we could use this technology to recruit the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible because the advances in the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are rapidly progressing .
Now , to close , I &apos;d say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in solar technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention .
Look carefully at Kurdistan .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) So basically , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll let the video go . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what brought it back to him .
All the services that we use , communication , time , factories , fashion .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more convinced that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something universal , something real and right .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems — very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , so this is the first virus on the computer .
If we keep procrastinating , the mysterious line is going down , it &apos;s going to be 0600KO78RUS .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Study by trying to understand the meaning .
Basically , I went to Google .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is a city called Sanskrit .
Citywide , you can find this on some mobile devices , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to State Senator .
And we finally discovered this WEB website , and this Russian guy , after a couple of years , worked .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journal , and in this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
In part of his life , he &apos;s about 20 years old , his dog , his friend , and he has a beautiful car .
This guy is actually practicing .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 moves . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He &apos;d rented another car . And he &apos;d put a picture on his blog .
( Video ) Mary : Here &apos;s her husband , Lda Smith . You can see the Chief of Justice .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had ruined . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had ruined ? In many cases it hadn &apos;t come before ?
The vast majority of drugs .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
There &apos;s a lot of hype . There &apos;s no police around it if it doesn &apos;t work .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like it to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what it &apos;s produced . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their jobs — for example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually controlled by one of these things , and if Stuxnet is holding one of these things .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math industry , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , like electricity , most importantly , we clearly depend on computers . And this really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even if computers fail . ( Laughter )
So the equipment assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s really incredibly important .
I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about thinking about storage , thinking about what &apos;s important .
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it all came to you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason , one day , I look forward to the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
She &apos;s going to tell us about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything , and we need to do it together .
We need to be more global , more global .
We &apos;re going to try to find these online criminals — these organized groups that are counting millions . It &apos;s more important than defense .
It &apos;s about designing software or networking projects .
It &apos;s about finding the people in the stands , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this idea of changing your body in two minutes .
But before I do that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we all love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that are going on in the intersection — the inflated silences , the world-class appearances , or the inflated eye — all the time , the simple arms .
First of all , here they go to the register of the pirate .
Even in Be-BC and New York Times .
The other thing is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , namely sociologists , it &apos;s what we call non-verbal , we think of language itself , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we think about interaction .
Now , there are many reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs about the values and assumptions .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the most important conditions in life — things like taking people to work or skiing forward , or taking time .
For example , the Nobel Prize researcher at the University of Texas has discovered that when people look at the individual doctor and the real interaction of a patient in 30 seconds , their doctor &apos;s love will be distorted from their commitment to the doctor &apos;s heart , so no .
So it &apos;s got to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions , our bodies , are on a global level .
So what kind of conversation do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I started to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the unfully comfortable predictions of power and power .
You think , what are the unfinished means of power and generosity ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a form of physical imagination .
The animal gets bigger and bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessi looked at this phrase , which is known as pride and discovery .
Hands up , fires up , and we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When we face a powerful and self-confident person , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They operate in almost two places .
Whereas others stay indoors , as soon as the audience comes in , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be considered by men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because the value is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
And I started to wonder , for instance , that college adopts these people who participate in class .
There are beliefs to be made , yes .
For example , we hate to be happy , but when we have to be happy , the book is bathed in teeth like this , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the function of the body , but can our body change the function of our mind ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why are the forces and trees different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more self-confident , more self-confident , better .
They really think they &apos;re going to come out of window , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it &apos;s also dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least equally , and that changes in the behavior can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new kind of roll of what happens if you do it in a minimal way , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the bits of a human being .
You fall , you fall .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
So here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effects like this .
And this is what happened to the Koreans .
It turns out that our body language decides not only depends on the environment , but also on ourselves .
On top of that , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
This is how we think we can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to test .
It goes on for five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of a face that &apos;s worse than if you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is it .
And then the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis is or experiment is .
The emotions of the fetus were crucial in that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision of the race .
I emphasize them to form as long as they get there .
The answer was , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be a chef ; they don &apos;t want to be a chef .
When I was 19 , I was on an airplane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain scan showed up in reconstruction .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m an identity .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five years college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until it gets there .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Lastly , I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your mind .
Make your strategy higher , lower the cortex .
Let me give you a sense of how you think you haven &apos;t shown your capacity .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the largest problem in the world .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the biggest problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people are suffering from learning .
One billion people have access to clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this chart continues .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and so this is a question in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem solving first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , epidemics , conflict , education , finance independence , government and corruption , entertainment and love , population integration , social conditions and water , and subatomic and commercial action .
We think religions are among the world &apos;s worst problems .
One obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This is the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to fix it , right ?
What matters is not the overpopulation of the problem , but the overpopulation of the problem .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citizen .
Diagnosing diseases need to be solved by patients and mosquitos .
Companies with U.N. peacekepers and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredibly improbable statement — to write what you think about the headlines .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequality — remember , things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be at the end of the show ?
Please , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there must be some greatest solutions to some of the world &apos;s greatest problems , some of which are the least generous .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a large amount of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;ll have these discussions going on , please think about , how do we actually define borders ?
Now , of course , you should ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been edited ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symptoms that you don &apos;t really understand the first one , you don &apos;t want to do this kind of thing .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where we should start .
It doesn &apos;t mean we don &apos;t have a dominance , any kind of definition of dominance , and of course we &apos;re still changing the progress in a two-dimensional way , but in an incomplete way , it certainly would be better than if we actually did in the decision of dominance and followed it and talked about it .
So I suggest that we actually , for a long time , have had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you one big fat , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you check the box , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to go .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family asset . It can be a very small asset , right ?
He would like to know all of that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do — it &apos;s trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And so the main piece of the Copenhagen was like this .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it cost ? And what would it be good for ?
And also with infectious diseases .
Three major world experts say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most popular economists , eight of the best economists in the world , including three Nobel Laureates , met in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The college at Cambridge really did a fantastic decision to call them Rel Masjid .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And what they did was , in fact , a set of superpowers .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad that you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of saying what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk about it a little bit more lately .
They basically came up with a list where they said there were bad projects , which is programs where you invest one dollar in less .
There &apos;s an average , a good , very good program .
And of course , we need to start right here with doing some very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very bottom , climate change .
A lot of people will do this , and this is probably one of the things that people will say I can &apos;t come back to that later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to that question because that &apos;s one of the questions that we &apos;re going to have with the exhibitions that you &apos;ve been talking about .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad prediction , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
That doesn &apos;t mean there &apos;s no global warming .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average inter-economic model , which is the Citi Project , if everybody gets to agree , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the third largest contributor to developing world countries .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will continue for only 2100 years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And we can say , here we are , spending a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do nothing positive ?
Or performing an incredibly good half-hour of that money .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter everyone — things like infectious diseases , basic health services — despite getting a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is extremely important .
It can do good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , it brings us all of a sudden to the side of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there are a lot of scenarios and water going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that are supposed to be in the first generation of projects to address problems in the world .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Clean can even make a percentage of the GDP in dangerous countries .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that number .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the long-term , global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
A common model , if we can reach a freestyle and dramatically reduce suicide in the United States and the United States , we can lead a new world economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a staggering half of the world &apos;s pond .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only a problem of overeating , but there are very expensive tools for solving the food problem , particularly in the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population are suffering from iron , silk , blood and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do that and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV .
The first is treatment , the second is aging .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing a good job , we need to ask where to put the first one .
And treatment is far more expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows you that we can do a lot more by investing in designing projects .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with X , healing and 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our transcendents .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you right to organize it ?
Or have you come up with the desire that you present ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a problem primarily .
We certainly have to work on climate change alone , because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is doing a very good job of shaping ...
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most romantic predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help a rich Dutch 100 years on ?
Do we really want to help people in Bangladesh at the moment that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or as Shelling said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be rescuing , let &apos;s say a rich Chinese , let &apos;s say a Japanese , or a Congolese , 2100 people , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How ridiculous it is that they &apos;ve helped me to deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really worried about my grandmother or
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of the problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory to pick the Brad Pitt for his next movie to attempt a snapshot in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s not just a movie piece .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and the general public debate have something to do with this .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not just to make the guns that are in the media center , but to make the job better .
The next thing that I think is really important , I think , is that somewhere , or we &apos;re going to make a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
The developed world decided in the 1970s that we should spend twice as much on the developing world as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown dramatically since .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look as if we &apos;re on our way to solving all the big problems all the time .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be great .
But the basic idea is that , if you have 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , don &apos;t we ?
The real question is , go with it and think about the best farmers .
I just wanted to mention : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will ultimately end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have brilliant ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
It &apos;s only two conditions : They need to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could walk away from the polling boundaries , and they did so , and they offered their own instructions .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : problems of depression and disease in the first place , climate change in the end .
We did it over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms got together and a lot of students got together .
They were basically meeting the same thing .
And that made me really excited , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about supermarkets , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the kind of work that gives us no results , not the kinds of things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good outcomes , and right now . &quot; &quot; So ultimately , you may not agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define heroes and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I traveled with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , so we decided to take a path that ranged from the local wardens to the national departments to , in a nutshell , the way we did it was possible .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me .
The dancer in the first place finally personalizes the appearance .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hergeography is on . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for seconds and then starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , this is the popular Chinese hyperbole playing the piano . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that are very similar to this — why do we sometimes miss the signs around us and how do we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised that I &apos;m going to go on this strange career path , but actually I have a lot of advantage — the lack of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about error , or at least refuse to think that we can be wrong .
We understand that very well , visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the event hits me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have here in this day are theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go for elections , we vote for present day .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a small bubble of our own existence .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned at the conviction of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to improve the emotion , and if you can do that , it will be the most well-known , moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrible , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re the answers to another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis movie where a short coat is always going on , but never gets to a rock .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the battalion flies by , and the bird flies by the tail , which is normal , because it can fly and can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that point , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I need to actually address what I said a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us lie awake at the consensus of our own states .
I call it the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane and related to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveys , and one of them looks like this .
This isn &apos;t a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know definitely how you would think of the child who wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the benefit of success in life is overwhelming .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Hey guys , accountants , accountants .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all the main leaders , you &apos;re an athletic and you &apos;re a massive player .
Very good .
But then we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , generous , hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman called Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He gets annoyed , the surgeon does his work , puts him in paintings and puts him to his room for safety .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes up and looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed in these jars ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s got the wrong side of her body because the surgeon has surgered her left arm , instead .
When the chairman of the hospital gave a speech about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advice for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do projects like , for example , over 750 million clean oil spills in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem becomes , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of metaphorical assumptions .
First of all , when someone says they disagree , we just assume they &apos;re innocent .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think differently , we make our second bias , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the whole picture before them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they willingly mix it for their immediate goals .
So this is scary .
Our commitment to being true is driving us towards preventing mistakes when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can think of ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yeah , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; When Austin thought and wrote this , &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Now , Austin realized that our ability to make errors is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or reward .
It mainly fascinates us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times the phone call &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; sound .
I heard and heard , and for a moment , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who does that communication .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , the surprise and the discovery and the mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and the readers , they give those stories back .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive circumstances and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something is going to happen , but something else is going to happen instead .
George Bush thought he would invest in Iraq , find a mass incarceration , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violent uprisings of Egypt would be in his whole life , until he or she would grow older or get sick and transfer the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and bring kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a week talking about innovation and development and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvement ?
Because half of all , all those great things to change the world , at TED in 1998 , okay .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The subject of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the description of the miracle .
I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of this little space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the infinite , complexity and decoration of the universe , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Ruby Mee Kamen , the Chief of Liberia .
Now , Zoroza was once thought to be insignificant for the death penalty , but at the same time he spent his time on small trucks , and other people started planning consultants in dozens of places in New York City including the tuna , the synagogues and the U.N.
Thankfully , those plans were flooded by an NFL switch .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing went away .
Zero was ultimately sentenced to intervene in the medicine .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with the Egyptian engineers and the passionate mother and teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood for me .
It started when I was seven , our family was dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims can see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with themselves , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means for other people to live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to go and do something about reconstructing London .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the reconstruction site in Calcutta , which was run by the FBI without our knowledge .
My father helped me keep my eyes on the prize , when he helped me to explain how to treat the army for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last flashlight I ever invented , hit a little bit of light on the top of the faucet , and , lo and behold , surprisingly , the entire album broke .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My God ! &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that comment a little bit , but after just a few years , I totally understood what they thought they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
These guys , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of pedestrian tablets to fit a minibus on the south coast of the World Trade Center in which six people died and killed about 1,000 .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I would call &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning brother-in-law .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good for someone , it was time to get together and move the city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to handle .
I would hide my own way through the classrooms to be a surgeon , but it turns out that being a brand new baby was a lot more military in the classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books , watching TV or video games .
And because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up with a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
I was taught to judge people by fooling on assumptions such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Convention on the Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on young violence , and spending most of my life as a junior player , and this was the subject that I was more interested in .
The members of our group were diagnosed with various aspects of life .
And at the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt the privilege I had been able to withstand the crimes I had believed in nearly all my life that it was impossible .
Another surrounding fact came when I found a summer job at Budrus , among the fun .
There , I was subjected to all sorts of different beliefs and cultures , and that experience became a key part of my nature &apos;s development .
I was taught that comparison was a man , and in summary , it had a radical effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers , and soon I discovered that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I &apos;ve developed a feeling of compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would ever like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront these feelings that I had learned as a child with real-life experiences and influence .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my melancholy , and he helped me realize that the human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with the human condition .
She had been the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Translucence can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a hot comic strike has a positive effect on my world than my own dirty brother , which he doesn &apos;t regret .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever while I &apos;m alive .
He looked me in the eyes of an evil man who had enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; I have enough . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much total energy it takes to keep all that embodied .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the last contact with my father and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this hopefully , that someone who is supposed to use violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was assuming that violence , the inevitable ideology , but I didn &apos;t come to the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , malaria .
I do that for the warriors of terrorism and for their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
For the sake of terror , I &apos;m going to talk about these insignificant actions and I &apos;m going to judge my dad &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and that son does not have to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The content is what they learn .
Being true to me is important .
I want to know the people who are behind my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to have water volunteers to make their lives .
This understanding of all of this allows us to shift our understanding of shifts from consumer goods to our ecosystem in ways that we can rebuild .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it the restorative vehicle .
If perseverance is the ability to recognize and maintain , then rehabilitation is the ability to repair and develop .
And sustainable property is an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and encourage the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
Drug addiction , which is a standard method for many people in the world &apos;s defense , is very common , they are primary tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different forms of mammals .
Communization is very easy , buy your bicycle , stay in line , think before you buy the jewelry .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat enough vegetables .
We can &apos;t keep making it happen if we measure its success by changing the frequency of the species including the yellow and the red .
But what if we ate insects ?
This is a cardboard here that &apos;s filled with cardboard thanks to an alcohol-type danger .
A deck of cards is raped and unstable .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the elephant , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to the size of 450 pounds ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t , you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My point is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , and the antioxidants and the ants are very healthy in the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to breathe so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many clicks do you tell me I have a problem ?
Already , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The problem is we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value under the awkwardness of the guns .
And we hide that value under the income of vaccines .
So the restorative benefit is that it matters what we need .
The most sustainable newspapers could be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Goodbye , but by Hollywood Greene Greene .
The cell : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that the broccoli steam can be a new blue .
We need to continue to eat the best meals if we &apos;re all eating them .
But we have to eat it with lots of meat .
The best part of sustainable leather is it comes in half with a beer : a pizza Tobacco and a cardiac catheter .
It &apos;s picked up a 142-gram pixel made out of a pixel made of pixels and stained glass , and the whale has a cookie in it with a stainless , sticky and rusty broccoli , little carbon dioxide and a little bit cooled and cooled in it with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh my God .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are accessible to all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans in the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harmony . We need to fear bullshit .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produce by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Beauty is a complex thing , but the fun is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to disrupt our food system .
Dan Barber and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always presents a shelter that doesn &apos;t care about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we need to be careful about it in our pockets .
There &apos;s a little secret of the environment .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a feedback loop designed for the unharmed nutrients .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing drug pollution , the media are trying to increase drug use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s a prize I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandparents .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is minimizing metaphors .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to get famous .
People have spent more time eating and interacting with each other .
In short , people achieved more than they expected , even less than they expected .
They got more calories because of dieting .
They became healthier . I made more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach has been designed around every corner , but it has also been shown in the dark side of the human race .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various types — small lake scanners , announcements , funerals , synergies .
The chef , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , were the common species of salvings .
We &apos;re driving towards more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to appreciate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But it &apos;s also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big jumpmasters , the kind of model , the kind of green will that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
You start with a large fish , 450 grams .
Take the class . Close the fish in four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four hats out of the marshmallow and then open up the very best building that you have , those five hats and thumbs .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Please invite your friends and neighbors and give them a year , maybe once a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
I was fortunate enough to have a great cook .
And I was taught very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were involved in white blood vessels and treated with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brick .
Up until now , I eat just like this .
I get sick when I go to a gas station .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
Amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about the condition of our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that the heavy power to tell you is perhaps the worst thing , all this time that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in the food .
For an artificial intelligence , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , silly , attractive things that I don &apos;t consider silly .
For my family , I look for ingredients that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start with the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to jump from this idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But that is beyond our resource constraints , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start dancing , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We need to eat bananas .
We need to eat mini-marathons .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; A commercial .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela — the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was convicted of Robbie .
So here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robbins to come together in Manila , where he was going to spend the rest of the world &apos;s money sitting in front of his former prison camp .
And you see the window here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
And it was at that time that Mandora announced to the world that there was a real disappointment in her country that there were thousands of people dying every day in this developing world , and that there were more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic is exactly like this .
So I did a work when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went on every 464 organized method that I could be present . I looked at Mamluk Salaam , the interviews — the ones I &apos;m most concerned about as a musician — to move beyond my own initial adventure to Madali , to their ultimate endeavor .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is scaled up by Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa in their country — a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the street now and tell people what was going on there they &apos;ll just go away .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet Knife Action Campaign , who is the founder of an incredible amount of courage and activist .
I met him at one of the 466 volunteers .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this trap is kind of like a misleader of frustration , I &apos;m just saying , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became part of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , whose 80 percent of participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live in prison .
They have educational programs .
They are answering questions associated with ambiguity .
It &apos;s actually quite opaque .
And yes , my song campaign promises the Treatment Action Campaign by which I tried to raise the level of well-being of HIV / AIDS and raise money recently .
A lot of the funding that I got was actually traveling to the Treatment Action Campaign to get involved in the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my song commercial .
In the Silk campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Osoro , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly a white , middle-class South African audiences who finally started disappointing , because I use my own movies that really define the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole nature that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
Aaron Molloyd , the head of modern health , was also present in this system , and I had an opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly comfortable with making improvements in that area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my own experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of well-being of HIV .
This is girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful children of the National Church of Africa I just won .
And just like these children , they are when their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And the great honor for me was that Miguel invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the War on HIV / AIDS campaign .
That &apos;s how I encourage my advice to speak , extending my logic .
The way I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard the world is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby to 2015 .
That &apos;s a reasonable goal , but we believe that it can be achieved with the support of political leaders .
This is perfectly possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we hate , and we hate , and we both hate , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is being treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is going to bring about the world .
And her baby &apos;s going to get AIDS from mother to baby , preserving the baby , which means that baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
These are the tools that we need to integrate in the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV positive ; she died of AIDS .
Avalley was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not much younger than one .
In that part of her life , she was diagnosed with anti-HIV , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in east Kathmandu , and we got through a whole sleep after her , just a little baby .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They built a special platform for the girl that they followed and respected her .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So obviously this was a very emotional interview , which got us to remember , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This area of disappointment is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Avalley .
Suppose you had this transition .
So I want to challenge each of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to have access to food and effective health care , and you believe in the United States Middle East , particularly the fifth and sixth-graders , which all governments in the world need independently — particularly East Africa , where do you need to go ?
I guess I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that almost everyone in the audience is in jail .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Completion is a wonderful way to step forward from reality , which allows you to do what science is all about tomorrow .
As a peasant , I assemble the elements of curiosity and science to give yourself a sense of the use of technology in the future .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see is joining information — the name , the clothes , the constructions , maybe one day even with the names of the street .
This is what my mental cube looks like .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a smaller .
When you look through the vessel , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of a cyborg .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need cards . We need any cards .
Like this . Let &apos;s say we know next time we see .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , and let &apos;s start .
( Music ) Voice : The line is ready . The line is extended .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it has four different notes : love , green , hot and gray .
Places are one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think that four marks represent four marks a year .
Here we have the fruit , the bridge , and — Voice : My favorite feature is the bridge . MT : Yeah , too .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like temperature becomes ice , water becomes ice , and then everything disappears .
Each marker has 13 cards . ( Music ) Voice : Each card represents 13 volumes of light .
MT : That &apos;s the information there , the process and the light in the middle .
Voice : Losing is one of the most powerful actors of compassion .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here is the shade and the rain that warms up the overnight and the heat conversion .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one advice that the toy has 52 tickets , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days between the ages of birth .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : Not really up , no more .
MT : By the way , it was my birthday &apos;s sixth birthday that I received my first players , and I traveled from all over the world on that day to the pleasure of man and girls , men and women , their husbands and their daughters , and even for the boys and the Dutch . ( Applause ) PM : And who are these ? MM : Yes , these are the
Go ahead .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Be careful . Jack : Hey , hi , hi ! ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MTT : Sometimes people ask , how can we grow ? How must we work nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Twenty-seven is a bit counterintuitive , but of course it &apos;s all going to work . Some people will say it &apos;s superficial . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said , no , no .
Indeed , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; no , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not very intellectual . Although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a passionate player , you &apos;re going to divide the cards by the money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s probably one out of 4165 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I get to the very last and most important thing , the poem .
Unlike everything we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : Mad finding .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year challenge .
This is part of the daily illumination challenge .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to learn the life of the welfare of the children , the youth and the road map .
I was actually very tough , insecure , and I was absolutely freaked out — from people of fear , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , I would go home to sing my thoughts , playing with my pants exactly the way I used to do when I heard a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity of observation and statistics was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started hearing that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even after some weird , uncomfortable , uncomfortable , although I noticed that the weakness of the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own undefined feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I often did , by being able to hide my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t really happening .
I told my doctor at the beginning of college .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and at a meeting with a psychiatrist a long time later , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow faster .
I started with the patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was diagnosed with a huge amount of hopelessness and awkwardness in my travels .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not as an experience , but as a symbol , fear is more powerful than opposing it .
At that time , it was essentially present in the acceptance of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political battle , and it shattered a lot of the sounds that went into being porous and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , a period of fear , frustration , uncertainty and uncertainty started , and it was a struggle that I felt empowered and impossible to achieve peace and kindness .
Two years later , the procedure was transparent .
Until now , I had the repertoire of the whole thing — terrible sounds , uncomfortable movies — strange and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until someone else was saved .
A crazy , confused person began this journey , but the person who had come would have been saved and ended up becoming the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts her in the bed , but the month comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from this paralysis , just from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning , which I had discussed before as a verb .
For instance , the sounds that were threatened to disappear at my house , I learned to reframe as my own ideas of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real threat .
I first believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents at night in the room to protect them against the sounds that I really thought was going to be .
This is what I felt at the moment : &quot; &quot; Do not do a thing .
Do you know I have plastic beer ? &quot; &quot; My war .
And having considered all of this , I was recently collecting the benefits of my stored self , in a voice that was expressed by every word , statistically speaking , from every medicine to the reaction of psychotherapy , only this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the people listening to the sounds : a prophecy that came up with his idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sunni Eisner &apos;s work , who perceives sounds as the theory of survival , the normal reaction in normal reaction , rather than the sophistication of the topic that needs to be investigated and
This kind of society isn &apos;t just possible ; it &apos;s in its way of evolving .
In other words , if there is social change , then it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t pretend to be a proud person .
You can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
For the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the movement of the networks in five continents , working together to develop a partnership between dignity , unification and rights , to create a new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a piece of cake to the human race that &apos;s obsessed with the basic ability to treat and use this basic ability with the mental mind .
In this sense , there is no greater privilege for the society than to enable the treatment of the patient to witness , to take care of the patient , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to encourage them .
We are a species . We are immutable .
Within us , we can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
The lights never come out .
As one time a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry if I &apos;ve told you anything else .
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is it a photograph ?
Of course , these are images that you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I was 15 .
It was mixed up with my curiosity to paint earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopies .
Because , of course , images like this don &apos;t really appear , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the possibility .
And it &apos;s more than just an idea .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details or the colors in the head ?
Is it about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we view the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it in the form of the pixels of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make something different , an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them in another way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re manipulating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in taking the pictures .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get to the reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
First rule is : Combination images need to have the same duty .
Second , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures are identical to both rules , and they are made of the same height and light .
And third , you have to imagine that you can &apos;t tell where it starts and ends up with a single image without addressing it .
You have to develop any idea about image making .
By comparing colors , concentration and light across borders of different photographs , by adding photographs , like the depth , by adding colors and augurating the digital noise , we &apos;re adding the differences between the different images and the same photo , even though a single image can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Now , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just a change underneath .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make an environment than to find a place like this , because then you shouldn &apos;t have to go to ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew that I had months to prepare to find various places to get the portraits of this painting .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
And part of George &apos;s portrait was taken in the Gold Rush .
And something else , I dropped out of the house a little red so it would look a little bit more Swedish .
To really get the results , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with the idea of erection , the idea .
And then I start collecting images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you &apos;re a good photographer , the result can be pretty and pretty at the same time .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a good idea .
It turned out that Vikelicks , your daughter , had posted more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so bad that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can tell , classical inventors , and we have a whole range of ways for them to bring information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to enable us to use legal protection .
We get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , we get bits and pieces , and we get this information that &apos;s sometimes very difficult when you talk about huge amounts of
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we probably eliminate it soon .
( Video ) Narrator : The king .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP ; it &apos;s asking what the code of the TPJ is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look at an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is the first story of a couple of years in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crocodile &apos;s couch .
This was a secret sauce written by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
Before 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Moi for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came to power , through a series of calligraphy forces , trying to clean Kenya from Corruption , they launched this call , about two million pounds spent on a conversation that was driven .
And then the government left it , and as a political solution , it used Moi , who was the richest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan press .
So I went there in 2007 and I managed to get it right before the election — the National Elections , the 28th of December .
When we published that evening , we published it three days after the event that a new president , Kepler , had decided to return to the man that he had come out with , Daniel Ashraf Moi , and this conversation was held captive for President Kiribati .
BG : And to put it very briefly , Kenya &apos;s talk has hinted not by the counterparts but by the counterparts , and you think it &apos;s really powerful for the results of choice .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and then it was pressed across all the countries around Kenya in the middle of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , within two days , became the case that the media in Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , the poll changed by 10 percent in a genetic test scores , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , so does that change the world ?
JA : Good job .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video clip of Band-Aid .
Video is longer . But here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a catalog .
I &apos;m wearing your object , so I &apos;m wearing about four volumes — pops , pops .
Man is free . All right . Sorry .
I was told when they were lying . Sorry .
Stop .
Come on , give me a hug .
( Audience clicking ) Shake . Shake . ( Audience clicking ) Shake .
Hurricane , Budrus , Zoroza , Budrus .
We need to move now .
Well , we were also involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I grabbed them .
Two and a six , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , thank you . What happened ?
Go home , Kamen . Well done , here we go . I stuck them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two people back to Bach to study the story more closely .
This is just the first of three requirements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that &apos;s about two Roters either .
JA : There you go . From two rollers , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this opening became a source of widespread frustration .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power disagreement .
Here you see guys on the street , walking up the street , and then there &apos;s a 30 million cubic feet of April , 30 millimeters of thunderous stuff spraying up on top of them , all kinds of sacrifices to do it , and killing people with impotence .
And there were two journalists there who were just not that easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis brand Manju , who has been consulting , and it turns out that he has documented this video , and also 2,80,000 classified U.S. censorship reports .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we encouraged that we got these calls .
He was installed about five days ago with the advent of 150,000 telephones and the advent of 50 .
We started this year on a phone from the U.S. Department of Riccardo , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Education for thousands ...
JA : We would plug them in . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Yeah . ( CA : How ? ) JA : Well , because this kind of material shows us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the remote controlled remains , you can see what materials are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the continuation of the mysterious information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what data in the world is important , what kind of data can get replaced .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic lives protecting information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is a hope that it will be a good thing , because companies that are best known for it are now widely spending money on it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved or really , for the vast majority of society , that the argument can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our surrounding materials , we haven &apos;t seen this before .
So we have policies of understanding threats .
We have a unique way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — that &apos;s a great secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we &apos;re discovering that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a specific license to publish .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption , about millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are inhuman .
Actually , it isn &apos;t . My son isn &apos;t . How do you handle it ? &quot; &quot; What did you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and governments .
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you freaking out , in fact , in order to illuminate yourself , you have to create a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . That is , we still don &apos;t have a Victorious election .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , we have a hard situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to keep our well-being , not to hide it .
CA : I &apos;d actually just like to , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in how TED thinks .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Giuliani .
You know , hero , the character of the audience who brings this important light .
A dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : Just bullshit , Julian , a bullshit .
You have to try some more . Let me show you another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So it &apos;s daily , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call about the accident engineering analysis , which was saying that , in fact , the security services employees at some meetings , from many meetings , they were actually putting the businesses in there , and hurting them .
And that some of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering competition at the top had nothing written on it , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t manage it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit perplexed , thinking maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
It looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are it ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to do that paper ?
Is it really yours ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this questionnaire where the author &apos;s name was written on the Microsoft Word &apos;s desk .
There you go .
( Applause ) Those things have happened a lot .
This is an example of one of the ways that we can identify with materials , try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Have you had any information from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re bringing a lot of great computing and science into it .
That &apos;s why our media feed has grown smaller in the last few months because we &apos;re reclaiming these systems because of social interest that we &apos;ve added .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing up , we &apos;re kind of dominated by our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a lot of very high discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to step back and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main cathedral , essentially reported editors and there &apos;s a reported labor law ?
JA : There you go , and there are trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very quickly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to redefine people with those higher national security issues and then with lower security issues .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how you started this work .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made a movie , and then they flew off the container , so the two containers ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , I was a young reporter of the year .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I scouted for it .
That &apos;s why you have to be careful with the other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a way that you can use it for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by race math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So it &apos;s not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you get them to some extent , and maybe some event in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t make steel — they feed the chickens .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and from other people of the age that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : In the end , do people who grew up producing bananas ? Can they eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , so the food is not my thing , but the other way — there &apos;s a different way of eating chickens , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just this last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank section was the size of the top 10 dollars that she left in the GDP .
But anyway , we &apos;re reporting this last year in Holly .
And national TV was required to stop it for five minutes before it got published , and as the movie said , &quot; It never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the site for the whole time as a lion , and we got very famous in Iceland , and we went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And the pressure in the community was that this was never going to happen , and as a result , with some political tools in Iceland and other international legal researchers , we set up a new type of legislation package for Icelandic to become an official monkey for free media , the most powerful media organization in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will give us a lot more , will it be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should it all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge shift in the balance between the legislation and the Internet legislation , between the U.S. and China and the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we live in a very interesting time , because we can only move it away with a little effort .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julia , be tough and strong and leaning with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my senior leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about some very interesting enterprises and stories , the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demise .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly looking at the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve gotten a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through a more accessible new technology .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of those rows here .
Here is the wall of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Emorymus , Raisles and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan museum .
There are two ways to be — very easy .
Put this on and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay in Mexico , it doesn &apos;t matter .
You can run around in a warehouse , you can burst .
Do you want to go around ?
Open your mouth and drop it inside .
You go inside , and we need to go to the end of the interaction .
Go ahead , take the picture .
Learn .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I didn &apos;t get to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the waltz gave us that picture , you could click on it .
This is just one image .
So it &apos;s all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve developed in our lab with cognitive technology .
So this image , for instance , is about 10 billion pounds wrong .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can approach the image .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awkward .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I went to the drawing , and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I spoke to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Seoul , where children sleep close together on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now getting closer , we &apos;re reaching the tips .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so we &apos;re going to zoom out to see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite features , the Goddess . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at smoking ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We kind of embed the images as if we were to enter the painting .
I &apos;m going to arrive at my favorite painting , which is really going to get to the mosquitos .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this .
Now on the other side of me , I &apos;m going to show you a very exciting opportunity .
There are many different things , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow a picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can do paragraphs and send out to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these paragraphs .
So I think , as an conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are properly putting art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you make it to replicate the trial to go to parks ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This just encourages you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , is I tell stories , I write articles , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction , and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I dive into that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the environment . In my talk , you &apos;re going to be in multiple circles .
I was born in Starbucks , French family .
Soon my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
And from that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with many families where the father was driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , timely , marginalized woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very motivated by me , but more spiritual values , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to break into the coffee and get gluttered images taken out of her eyes .
Many were coming to my grandmother with heavy Pashtun hair and ponytail on the hands .
Every time my grandmother would find words in Arabic , she would pick up a red card and drink them with ink as much as they would like to take out of the skin .
And then , one more egg was put into a supernova made of cast iron .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who were facing my grandmother had a skin issue , I didn &apos;t see that there was no way to go .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
The answer was , &quot; &quot; Yes , the subject helps . But you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unlike many of the classrooms that I &apos;ve learned , was a very skeptical lesson , which is that if you want to destroy anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract , papercutting , or the human spirit , you have to surround it with
And it &apos;s going to square from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a certain family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the stuff that we &apos;re looking at in the world , then we could end up with a four-way destruction .
Our heartache would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our friends , our family members — we &apos;re all close to everybody , if they &apos;re like us , we &apos;re surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a light socket , or they burn the wall so they take the picture off the wall .
It &apos;s an old Western hair based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
With postcards like this , people who live in communities are at risk of the greatest global average .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Libyans and the conservatives , the geologists and the beliefs , the rich and the poor , in the East and Europe .
We tend to make planets that look like this and then report cartoons of other planets .
I think the only way to win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps in our mental walls .
And so through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a lawyer ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly worried about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling it to my siblings , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid , so I was talking to colorful minds and asking for help from objects when I was interviewing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considered a horrible shock in my life , and the last thing I wanted to write about was about me .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the purpose of my whole life , of writing stories .
The reaction to me personally was more self-organizing than translating to other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit more . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle , and I &apos;m going to come back to it later .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something different happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , feisty , middle-class household apartment where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful , awesome , international school where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various nations , and yet this diversity did not intervene at all in our classrooms .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not by individuals , but by a large definition .
We were kind of a little bit of the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to the people who gave up their dignity or their faith .
This or this child was often turned into an object of forgiveness and went into a war .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man who supported my nation had less to commit suicide bombings to the Roman Pavilion and to the European Union , Turkey was alone .
( Laughter ) In those days , I was constantly freaking out of classrooms and dreaming to become a ship .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Sunday , and they were interested in how many cyclists I was on a day , because they thought all the roofs were popping up on the planet , and they were surprised that at the time I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , cigarettes and the leader .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I always felt that my balance was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories struck me as focused , sustainability and success — these were the three things I always felt .
When I was 20 , I moved to Stamble as a storyteller .
I was living in a lot of different environments , where I wrote some of my cousins .
I was in Tumor , 1999 , when this story broke out .
When I got out of my house at 3 a.m. , a scene came to my eyes like a scene that just blew me away .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sells a bread from the soul , never spoke to the people in the public .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and the owner of the cartoon was throwing himself in the air .
I saw this man opening the cigarette with his hands , and he surrounded himself with these pictures of the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self — the conservative grandeur , and the swallowing translator , they were sitting together on the shore .
Death and destruction make national difference and we &apos;re all united , even if it &apos;s still a matter of hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we leave our little , wealthy habits and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and start interviewing people like we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we have been to .
Within this case , I started joining women &apos;s college in Boston and later in Mexico .
I felt more not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a forger , not a forger , not a clerk . I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do this ? &quot; &quot; In language , I have an opportunity to recover myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with the two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a global language .
When you start in a language , you end up with an incredible and extraordinary frustration .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we are less expressed , because there is a great deal of thought and language .
And that penny is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a nightmare .
This is what I discovered in Boston — it &apos;s quite fashionable .
Then my grandmother , who was tracking my whole life , began to install in her struggles that I would get married soon , so I could get to a place and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumbo , I &apos;ve started to translate life into Arizona and Sumbo , and these two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been a chef — physically or psychologically .
The stories always interfere with me , keeping all my parts and memories together , acting as an ecstatic sum .
As many stories as I know , recently I &apos;ve been thinking about how they &apos;re losing their magic . &quot; &quot; If , or when , the story is viewed more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting look from a book critic .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American characters in the book , and there is only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the Vaults were happening at Boston University , it was common to me that the Other characters were more than the mine , but I understood what was looking for .
And I also learned that I &apos;m going to keep banging on her .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a cup of coffee , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread and read and return .
Many authors feel this pressure , but the non-Arabs feel this way more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women and preferably difficult stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re waiting for your interactive , groundbreaking , typical stories to be written and surrounded by your interactive friends .
What I experienced as a child at MIT is that it &apos;s now in the literal world .
They don &apos;t view it as an independent creative person , they view it as a cultural representative . A few authors from China , a few in Turkey , a few in Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special if not defined .
In one of the interviews of James Baldina in 1984 , there were many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a Gayesian writer , she reported to her and she said , &quot; &quot; Can &apos;t you see ? I have nothing in it that is different than me and there is nothing in others that I have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it dangers our liberties .
There is a subtle category called multicultural literacy , where all the letters from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural reading 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or in the same book .
We were brought together .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so mysterious .
The sequence is collected .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the performers of the sentence to become very large representatives .
But I should also add that the notion of seeing more in the story is not only with Armstrong .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to give a speech to my favorite characters in front of the courtroom .
I was expected to write about the constructive , multi-story , multi-story , multi-family members , seeing women &apos;s eyes .
My micro story made a difference when I was touched .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for reading about the post-conflict .
Sometimes I had a desire to bring both sides to keep in mind that it was a mercenary .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to end my work .
I want to love and raise the reaction to its essence , rather than what it &apos;s going to get .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are good political views at that point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the author is in charge of the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity divides us . The statement comes together .
One is called unconscious assistance .
The other one is the details .
One is building borders .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity seems to be built by pigs .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were scattering stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to the container scene , storytelling stories , and they were telling the story very often by sharing those stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice , identifying that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even Stalin , the dead , not the dead .
The stories were covered by borders , such as the postcards of Netherlands across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today , stories continue to close the borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk about each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian reader is still reading Hebrew books and vice versa , combining and reading the story .
The truth contains us .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books saved the intricate , messy girl like I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he got to the prison and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader , the first thing he did was he sat down the books in Rumi watching the words disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is greater than the input . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural tattoos is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us further and further apart .
There is a metaphor that I love very much , which is that life is like a side show .
The leg on the other side is just continuously frozen .
The other leg is in constant motion , constantly running around .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are ordered by sea urchins in Timbul , and some are traveling around the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
There &apos;s a place , a little bit by the way , called Jenny &apos;s appointment .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very motivating to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about these kinds of things being stuck .
We think of them as kind of harsh , harsh , supernatural creatures , like water , that just tastes like leather and attaches despair .
But more of these kinds of posters need writers and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire the frustration and the change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
And Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students learn in creative literature these days is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not always the right way to start .
Spatial literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural gettos and study other people .
After all , stories are very much like the ones that make up their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Easy to make life easier , to love and love , Mom , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
So far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the Virtual Choir .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and fair .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are .
But of course , this is not an optimal condition .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before the remote control of play , we had coral reefs .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the conductor decided that we should play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then we want to give people the tools to do it .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive feedback on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which actually is a very small idea , can be driven by the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women — stuck inside this room .
There are women .
I felt the wind from my childhood experience .
Two and a half years ago , I was reminded of the intensity .
I broke my head , I broke my arm , I held five panels on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to sleep .
And in that process , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you have to live a more effective , more motivated and a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , the judge on men has become the judge of morality .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at putting four hours in the last night .
What else did I say — though I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this would be a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of arousal for self-mastery .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a speaker and said , &quot; &quot; Hey , we &apos;re going to meet eight ? &quot; &quot; You &apos;re probably going to be like , &quot; &quot; 8 is pretty good , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a speaker to play , I &apos;m going to get two recordings and we &apos;re going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so sophisticated and
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a great leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Tiannica .
And we had too much fun with our Tunisians .
It makes me feel like , if Leymah &apos;s brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , by seven days a week , his sister would probably have noticed the burden , because he was going to sleep for about seven and eight hours and be able to see the overall picture .
Now we &apos;ve been on a number of trips to the world , and what &apos;s helpful to our people , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , is going to help our careers and are going to be helpful to the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us : open your movement and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about the relationship of imagination .
I first discovered this exercise 14 years ago , wanting that for centuries it had the same use .
Today I use this material to create the highest resilience for sustainable , scalable buildings in different parts of the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied engineering or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got a tutor for seven schools , and everybody was upset .
I decided to become a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portraits , I set up internal buildings , and I set up my own marathon .
The day of the exhibition was coming , and it wasn &apos;t coming .
You had to do something .
The Jewish village was famous for crime .
So I tried making a Bronx soil .
But making great jobs was difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the corner , and I started to see fish interact and design networks .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it as a new way of creating a chicken , a way of creating a chicken with no nutrients at all .
And the first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lange Conjects . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture , we uploaded the network upwards .
What I discovered is that , desalinately thick , flexible forms spring up all the time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I ended up with , but I wanted to create more and more large-scale things to transform the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I came back to India after the fighters of the work , and we made a handheld network , a million and a half connections , in a short time , with the demonstration at Ahmedabad .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was an anthropologist , Manuel Solau Morales , who renewed the segment of Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
There were flexible , architectural solutions , consistent , those properties in conflict with the very definite amount of material .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would recognize the electromagnetic waves in the sun , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain covered with smoke .
We needed something that would hold the network at the center of the cloud .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton stone .
We had to design an engineering solution to get the skeleton to move from the ground up and down to the bottom .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect who was working on projects for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepp .
He helped me solve two super-problems , providing the right shape and purpose .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman was not going to know her .
So I hooked up a link to a fish farmer , got to the bathtub and figured out how to bleach it .
There was no language of software that transformed the production of that machine .
We had to create like this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 150-square-foot network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and undesirable diamond .
Now it was a perceived space .
Think about it for the first time .
As I watched the wind game , I was struggling to find myself at the bottom of the airport and at the same time being connected to the unseen .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these airports around the world in different cities .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is historic Philadelphia , and I felt that for the shape of the article , the content has to be more than the content on the Web .
So we tried to get water from the contaminated water to produce a nozzle that is transformed by the wind , and we also discovered in the experiment that people could also interact with this material and interact with it without falling .
And I use this metropolitan material to describe the trajectory of the railroads around the subway system as if it were a retinas of the city &apos;s living system .
The next challenge we had in Denver was the Library of North and South America , and I was asked if I could picture the interconnectedness of 35 countries in the West Bank and the interconnectedness of them .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I read about the earthquake and the harmony that had happened in Chile recently , which caused the Pacific .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally doubled the surface of the Earth .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the tunnel data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was clicked on day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stainless way that I knew .
Very complex structure .
I replaced the marshmallow with a stainless steel mill , about 15 times a wall .
The classroom would now be fully dry and thin , so dense that it could be taken into place buildings becoming part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret and model instinctively .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a phone call in New York — asking for that idea to confirm Thomas Skerer or Halle .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build maps that reach the frontiers of the ground .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream to take these shelves where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , industrial forms .
Now I put them together in a technological and technological way to create a tangible , consolidated , shaped way that reaches the frontiers of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , never been to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to him .
These people , including the postcard police , were now stealed by other strangers , watching the creation , the shape-shifting images , and riding the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed ! )
Information , the form of energy , communicates with all of our senses at the same time , is embedded in this gigantic region that has the appearance of the present , and the present moment and the appetite , and how we can feel and listen .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at the moment we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is a different one .
Our left-hand corner is thinking linear and metaphorical .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more in my body . Imagine that .
