Until the age of one billion people on this planet are actively engaging social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while that &apos;s sort of the notion , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And this is what got me thinking about this : This was a blog that was written earlier this year by Dean Miller , who was a reporter for science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and hopefully after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here I am , I am dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this messaging that I wrote , and this activity website would become a content . &quot; &quot; Because Milan was a journalist , his head was probably well-written and more thoughtfully organized , but in fact , all of us are creating a system that is very different from the things that have been created by
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Nowadays , YouTube videos are uploading 48 hours of video every minute .
200 million numbers every day .
The average Facebook user generates 90 pieces per month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;re going to be better off creating some pictures and some economic videos , or some kind of program stuck in a box .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital trait that will ultimately stick with us , many years after we die .
And I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a journalist and not a technology , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will be like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what it &apos;s going to be like after our online professors and social media accounts .
One of them , I found myself quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble idifie.net until it &apos;s too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , right ?
That service allows you to create a communication or video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for the online , with videos , with photos and narratives that may be posted after you died .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Row , who showed last month that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic video .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand the human language and aggregate huge amounts of data , it &apos;s possible to analyze an entire life of simplicity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think eventually our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , because of all the content that we create , and because of technology , we can communicate it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Dictionary , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your writings on Twitter , everything you write to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thrilling .
So you can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 10 years later , and the improvement of our technical skills .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate with the characteristics of a particular human being based on the flexibility of hundreds of thousands of pieces that human beings create in their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN gave the CNN a Happy Happy Music column to their survey , to interview Andron Coughs .
What if we could use this technology to recapitulate the presence of our loved ones in our villages , who communicate in a really similar way based on all the complexity that they &apos;ve created in their lifetime ?
I think it &apos;s fully possible , because the data that we &apos;re using and the technologies that we &apos;re using has been expanding at a rapid rate .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything about it ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the field of solar technology .
My company tries to include a human being in the environment by paying attention ...
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a minute , until it &apos;s over .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is all happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something global , something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half-inch , five-inch , five-inch , five-inch , five-inch layer that wears Brain A &apos;s virus . This is the first computer virus .
When we continue to coding , the cortex drops , and here we have 0600KO78RUS , the code on the bottom .
As a subject . It &apos;s not used in any way .
Study it by trying to understand the meaning .
So I went to Google , as I said earlier .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia .
Citizen code . You can find this in some phone networks , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Senegal .
We finally discovered this website , after studies of four , and this guy who worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Yournalist , and in this blog he writes his life .
In part of his life , he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his accident , his friend , and he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is walking .
Marcedes-Benz is a 6,000-mile driver , more than 400 musicians . This is a home car for 20 children in State .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
This is at the center of Stanford .
He had broken the car . He had broken the car .
( Laughter ) Here &apos;s his Mercedes — there &apos;s Ladida Smith , who &apos;s kidding . You can see the Chief of Spain .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime molded ? In many cases , it doesn &apos;t work so well .
The vast majority of drugs are still there .
We don &apos;t know where the regulations come from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like it to be easier .
But unfortunately it isn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
which has done all of this . This is Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapist , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually dominated by one of these . And if Stuxnet is running one of these .
Then there &apos;s the global revolution , the risk we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical plant , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary areas of electricity , we clearly depend on computers . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
So this kind of cooking assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t worth it . It &apos;s actually infinitely important for continuity .
Think about the state of care , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I have a beauty in the future of the Web .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything . We all have to do it together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to find these organized groups , these organized groups , that are eating millions of services , and this is more important than official .
Creating programs or Internet connectivity . Perhaps most importantly , after these comparisons .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the room , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find people who are comfortable .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So I want to introduce you first to this idea that it only takes two minutes for you to change your body position .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the threats that occur during the intersection , the inexorable silences , the worldwide appearances , or the unseen , all the way down to the simple handshake .
Once . Here they are approaching the janitor &apos;s office .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And the bottom line is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , in terms of our social psychologists , we call that the non-verbal verb , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnection .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and mistakes by giving us values .
And they can have a statistical significance in the critical conditions of life , such as taking people &apos;s work , or stepping back , or weather .
For example , the Nobel Prize researcher at the University of Texas has found that when people are looking at a given medical specific doctor and a real patient , their doctor &apos;s love is dishoned by their judgment , which is no .
And that &apos;s why we need to use them intelligently , right ?
Our minds , our emotions , our bodies , are overall .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study precognition , and I teach at a high school business school , and it was inevitable that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly intrigued by the unfinished assumptions of power and generosity .
How do you think power and generosity are incomplete forces ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more space .
Jesse Tracy has looked at this statement known as pride and discovery .
In our hands , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s down to us , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a powerful and powerful meeting looks like .
When our leadership stands strong and self-confident , we , no matter how far we will go .
I watch my students move in the audience , and I see that business masters really do manage business .
They work in almost two places .
As others move in , as soon as the audience comes in , you see that .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be considered men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for a master &apos;s degree of business management , because the scale is very limited by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to solve this gender gap for a long time .
So I started to wonder , for instance , that university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are beliefs , yes .
For example , we hate it when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to hate it , the book tells us it &apos;s fun .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the behavior of the body , but can our body change the behavior of our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from stresses and circuits ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more comfortable , more confident and good .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window out there , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong leader , a high-level testosterone , but who is in response to stress situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can lead to consciousness , at least initially , and that change in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new version of what happens if you do it at a minimal scale , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the bits of a human being .
You shake it , you smack it .
Shooting the ball .
Here &apos;s what happened . They get in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effects like this .
And here &apos;s what happened to cortisol .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but also on ourselves .
Also , our body affects our consciousness .
That is , we think , the opportunity to use when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It &apos;s being recorded and waited five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression on the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do that . Maria Laffers can do it .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis or experiment is .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure to shape as long as it gets .
The answer was , they said .
that they don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on sabbatical .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , I was trying to go back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
that I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I did five years old at college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about it before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
And lastly , I want to add .
Small bumps can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your testosterone higher , lower the cortex .
Let me give you a perspective that you think your ability hasn &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrorous Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about , what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go any further , I have to ask you all to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take the paper and the paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people are exhausted from clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this shot is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and therefore this question is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all of those things , we really have to ask ourselves , which problem do we solve first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , preventive diseases , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , transportation , transportation , housing , social conditions and water , and supermarkets , and beyond .
We think taxes include the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes out of your mind is , what do you think is the most important thing ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Davos .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have a central problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that all of us are dead .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving the overall problem , it &apos;s about solving the overall problem .
In that case , of course , it makes it more difficult .
Climate change needs to be solved by the response to Citizen .
An infectious disease must be solved through networks of hospitals and adults .
Companies use U.N. peacekeeping power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is a kind of implausible personality — write what you think about the major supervillains .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity up there — notice we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
I &apos;m asking you , 30 seconds , also talk to your neighbors , and just mention that there should be some greatest solutions in the world , some of which are the least generous .
And the astonishing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure that we &apos;re going to have these opinions going on , so please think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why haven &apos;t such a show ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
No one wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wants to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years that we have with the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a generosity , any kind of generosity , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make progress in a two-dimensional way , but in an unsimply way , certainly it &apos;s harder to make it better than actually doing extra-checking and following and talking about it .
So what I propose to suggest is that we have really , for a long time , had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know the amount .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you one big room , but you don &apos;t know about the genes .
For example , you would ask , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can be worth one dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pipeline , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what Copenhagen is trying to do to solve the genome of these problems .
And the basic work in Copenhagen was like this .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in each field .
So the three most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
It &apos;s also in infectious diseases .
The top three professionals in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would it be like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the dream team . The University of Cambridge , they beautifully decided to call them Raleigh Medical School .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that great .
And what they were doing was essentially a symbol of the culture .
You might ask , why do economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the Malaysian expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s the job of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of saying what we should do first and what we should do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it online , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where they said there were bad programs , like programs where you had a dollar investment that generated lower income .
There are means , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
What you can see at the end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and probably this is one of the cases people will say , I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to go back to that question , because that &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreements with your disagreements .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad prediction , simply because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average markings of the eco-economic model , which is the Citizen Project , if everybody agrees to , costs 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods ever devised in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
For all models , it &apos;s going to look at global warming by 2100 in just six years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh , who stands before the threat of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , I would argue that the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year can solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can provide all the people around the world with clean drinking water , with sanitary pad , with a basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very positive ?
Or in the middle of that money , doing incredibly good things .
And this is why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
What that means is that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter everyone — things like infectious diseases , basic health services — are willing to go a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is too important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very costly .
Again , all of this gives us that suddenly we appear on both sides of the equation .
If we look at good programs , lots of scenarios and water programs are coming along .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
So here , I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressed in the first generation of projects to solve the world &apos;s problems .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are being trafficked with information .
Court can even make a percentage of countries at risk .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that figure .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of 1.1 billion people per year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need a solution , and of course , in the temporary sector , also a global problem of global warming .
The third one is open-source .
A common model , if we can get rid of the freedom and lower suicide in the United States and in the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year to roughly half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two , three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , over two to five years .
It would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general issue of overfishing , but there are very powerful tools for solving the food problem , especially with the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem briefly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be solving HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different directions for HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is treatment : treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be wondering where we put our first leader in .
And treatment is much more expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money we spend on ourselves , we can do the right thing by treating X and doing 10 times better by predicting .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our supervillains .
I want you to look at your culture &apos;s desire and say , are you right ?
Or have you come here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primary solution .
We have to work , of course , on the problem of climate change , just because it &apos;s a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
Those kinds of problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the team of our dreams , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be twice as rich as we are .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little clients ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be unsafe , say a rich Chinese , or a white , or a Congolese , 2100 people in Congo , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; No wonder they &apos;re so concerned that they helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they didn &apos;t care very much about my grandfather or Japanese , who
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so well understood .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect Emerry to choose Brad Pitt for his next movie in Tanzania to try shoes and stuff like that . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not so much a movie .
And so , in many ways , I think that the whole discussion of Copenhagen and the whole discussion of farming has been addressed in some ways .
So we can realize that this is not about feeling good .
And not to realize the genius of the media &apos;s attention , but to create a foundation for making better action .
The next thing that I think is really important , though , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere out there .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we should spend twice as much on the developing world as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not as if we &apos;re in a position of solving all the big problems all the time .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
And that &apos;s what I &apos;m saying .
If any of you could tell Bucky about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is , if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , go with it and think about the best generations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick example : do we have the right shot ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from around the world to solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could walk away from the polling boundaries , and they did so , and they offered their own demonstrations .
And what was interesting was that the same metrics consisted of the first phase of the problem of disease and climate change ended .
We did the same over and over again .
A lot of other semesters came together and a lot of students came along .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we have to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and hopefully we get more people together , and we get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Design for the right path to the world , and also start to think about the political benefits .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the kind of work that gives us great spending , not the kind of things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do powerful projects where we can achieve enormous good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; So ultimately , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we picked a road that was going through nation strikes and national assets , and in a nutshell , we chose the longest road possible .
Somewhere in rural Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that was raised in me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I see down the road all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me .
In the first place , the proton is in perfect alignment .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He kept looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese heroic encyclopedia Britannica of pinks . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about things that look very similar — why we sometimes misrepresent the symbols around us and how we act when it happens and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You might be surprised to know that I am a very weird career path , but actually I have a huge advantage : the exposure of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything we do to avoid thinking wrong , or at least miss thinking we can be wrong .
We get it visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human form , generally , is mistaken , is normal .
But when the hero comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , at this point in time , seem to be theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to present time , we go for elections , we vote for present time .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed in a small bubble of our own authority .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in this belief of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative scene that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Cheers . Very bad .
Cool . Okay , great .
horrible , horrible , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake of the Chinese heroin .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis movie where a short dress is always going on , but never gets to a bird .
In virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies away from the bird , and the bird runs away from the bird , which is normal because it &apos;s flying and can fly .
But the bill runs after it .
And this is what &apos;s funny , but when you &apos;re six , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t really understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like that janitor when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We are already wrong , we have a problem , but we feel like everything is fine .
But I have to actually address what I said a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us stay stuck in the belief of our rights .
I call it the false burden .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us aware of the persuasion of rights , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in the classroom , and your teacher is sharing the test scores , and one of them looks like this .
That &apos;s not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in the school , and you certainly know what you think you would have learned about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the stakes of success are greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Bad leader , strategic , Martin .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all major executives , athletes and mortgages .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get terrified of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgical .
She gets annoyed , the surgeon does his job , puts the paintings on and transmits the patient in her room to clean up .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes up and looks at herself and asks , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed in the cereal ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she &apos;s getting it wrong is because the surgeon has survived her left arm , instead .
When the hospital director gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The underlying belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy challenge for what &apos;s going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we reveal the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million clean oil or deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel right .
That means that your beliefs fully eradicate reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain that in the same way , by making a series of random hypotheses .
First of all , when someone reveals their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and reconcile the scale of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to get it right .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they completely miss it for their improper goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true is what drives us from mistakes we need to be right , which makes us do terrible things with each other .
But to me , the most extraordinary and extraordinary thing is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you did , life would be very fun .
Your idea is wonderful not that you see the world as it is .
It &apos;s that you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine each other &apos;s place in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for that same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two thousand years ago , Descartes said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Out of Augustine , he thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
So what Justine realized was that our ability to make mistakes is not some kind of fault line in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we try and geologically find the answer .
I think the purpose of that planet is the source of efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about the communication of this American Life in public radio .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a forced woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I was able to interview with Ira Glass , who is communicating that communication .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , what we &apos;re learning is that every single part of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this thing should happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to make those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our interpreters , are going to give those stories away .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , disruptive circumstances and significant relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but instead something else is happening .
George Booth thought he would invest in Iraq , he would find a great destruction , he would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his entire lifetime until he or she became much older or diseased and transmitted power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school and grow up in class .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very disturbing book about something that everybody was asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Excuse me , but this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED in 1998 , oh my God .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work as they thought they were . ( Laughter )
And what is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
I have another configuration .
This conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about the magic .
And in my view , if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of that small region of your own right , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and determination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came up with a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Khan , the Chief of Reagan &apos;s Prison Ministry .
Rezero was originally considered immediate for this murder , but at the same time he spent his time on small trucks , he and other people started planning constellations in dozens of New York cities , including drones , synagogues and U.N.
Fortunately , those plans were flooded by an FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Coast didn &apos;t seek out .
The speech , in the end , will be judged for inclusion .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and an American mother and a teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dynamically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with themselves , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in our lives .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to make other people live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends went to the Los Angeles County for a specific cause .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to a place called CalTech , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
When my hero came to break , my father helped me save my life and explained how to go to the bathroom about 30 nerves .
That day , the last flash of light that I disappeared from the ceiling shines a little bit of light on the top of the ceiling , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was devastated .
My brother looked at other men and said Arabic , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed very well on that comment , but only a few years later , I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same devastation that my father had embraced .
These men , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of plastic bags to put a full maneuver on the World Trade Center subway station at the Soviet Union , which resulted in a fight that killed six people and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I would call a husband , which means tomato .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I always became an admirer .
I was hiding my own postcards in order not to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brilliant new kid in the classroom was enough soldiers .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
And because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by judging things like race or religion .
So what has opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life that asked this question was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a witness to hands — this was something that I was actually more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a friend of mine .
It took days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disturbance between us .
I had never had Hebrew friends , and honestly , I felt the honor that I was able to win this chapter that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental document came along when I found a public job in Budrus at the time of entertainment .
Here , I was introducing people of different faiths and cultures , and that experience became a role in the development of my nature .
I &apos;ve learned that comparison is a man , and more generally , all the dollars had an explosive impact .
This led me to work with drug developers in the short run , and I soon found that many of them are the least minor , critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand-in-hand child , he gave me compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people well than I would ever like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront graphs that were taught in my childhood through real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my power .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Go . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stewart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my journey of transcendence , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with the nature of human nature .
He had been a model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Procrastination often comes from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strip is more positive to my world than my own parenting father , who doesn &apos;t regret .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about the change in my world , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of a soulful person who had sufficient depression for a lifetime , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much explosive energy it takes to keep all that growth going .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can listen to my history and understand that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the inconvenient idea , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , the lack of globalization .
I do it for the atheists and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk about these unmeaningless actions , and I &apos;m going to judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special to any religion or race , and it doesn &apos;t have to be followed by the parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagination represents what they learn .
&quot; &quot; Clouds &quot; &quot; matter to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they love it .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for water conservation to raise their lives .
This whole notion allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer products to the restoration of our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative cues .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The restorative benefits give rise to the developing and dynamic system and accepts our relationship to the ocean as a resource to enable us to engage and encourage the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more humane and efficient way to understand our environment .
Dreadnoughtus , which is a standard method for many in the world of preservation , is very common , they &apos;re highly sophisticated tools .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of crops .
Communication is easy , buy a bicycle , stay away from the rubber , think about going back to the rubber .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the green bar .
We can &apos;t make this happen continuously if we measure its success by changing the frequencies of the species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we eat just the vegetables ?
There &apos;s a ton of dust deposited in a card , a kind of dangerous Thunnus albatross .
He was arrested with a card and not quite arrested .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the headache , the headache .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I prefer the size of 450 books ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you , not oceans .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , everything within our operations .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , nitric oxide and minerals are very useful for the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many of you tell me I have a problem ?
By the way , we have a problem with white-standing .
We &apos;ve lost our sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value by embracing the victim by receiving the victim .
And we hide that value under the income of the cycle .
So the point of restorative documents is that it matters what we need .
The most expensive practices can be presented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by Google , but by Gary Greenhouse .
Flowers . They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new name .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that the broccoli can be considered a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we eat them all , of course .
But we also have to eat it with a lot of shrimp .
The best part about sustainable leather is that it comes in half a towel , with a set of Toby Doons and a set of centers .
It &apos;s picked up by a 142-gram puppet filled with Dijon and a spaghetti sauce filled with copper tape and quinoa filled with colorful broccoli so thin and small , a little bit cooled and covered with a Japanese carpet .
Oh my God .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jamii Oliver is struggling to save America from the time we eat it now .
Sylvia &apos;s struggle to save the oceans since we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about civilian suffering . We need to be afraid of it .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produced to improve our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a mess , but the reality is that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walkers are the leading revolution in green food .
But green food always assumes a kind of shame that unworries the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our atmosphere .
There &apos;s a little environmentally frightening guy .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade designed to feed the environment .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
As we lower public policies , media is trying to increase popular consumption .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their parents if we include more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our landscapes .
As a quick coward , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to minimize the amount of suffering in penises .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People have spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people get more than they expected , even the more objective they get .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They get healthier . I make more money .
Perfect .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has also shown in the structure of the human win .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , anecdotes , beginnings , synergies .
The bridge , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common sorts of allies .
We direct the skins towards more flexible , more powerful , repaired differences .
This is what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can rebuild our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big settlements , those patterns , the green wants , that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a compromise for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the meal . Choose the fish in four parts .
Put them in four corners .
Look at those four apples in prison , and then open up the best kitchen you have , the red-eyed ones and the tunas .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Ask your friends and neighbors and maybe twice a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food stamps .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think producing components , producing food , and eating food , is part of human interest .
My blessing was that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the white-haired prison camp and the high doses of prison and the low oxygen levels , usually the poison .
Until today , I usually eat just like this .
I get sick when I go to a fat restaurant .
I start screaming .
It &apos;s kind of like a white suit .
It &apos;s delicious .
But the most terrifying news you &apos;ll hear about our oceans , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the biggest burden of saying it is , all this while your mother was right .
Three seconds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For artificial intelligence , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for things that are short and slow and interesting that I don &apos;t consider .
For my family , I look for compounds that are born in front of my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that impact is like , and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But that &apos;s more than the resource regulation , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call the process .
So if we all just take what we need , we divide the rest , we start to divide , we start to recover .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small portraits .
And we need to save the fate .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how I became part of HIV / AIDS .
So here &apos;s my introduction to the conductor , Singing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 proposal for Nelson Mandela — the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Dutch carried when Rob was arrested .
Here I am , with Jesus United States , one of the most devastating moments of my life .
The following day , all of the artists were invited by Robbie to come together in Mandela , where he was going to spend the bill in front of the global command , standing in front of his previous prison window .
Here you see the wall game .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madonna found out to the world that there &apos;s a real disorder going on in her country that in this Scottish state , thousands of people are dying every day , and that the Swedish represents more vulnerable groups than anyone , women and children .
This had a huge impact on my mind , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left Africa and I left Cape Town , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up for this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went on to participate in every 4664 collaborative method that I could be present for . I saw monuments , interviews , the most consulting issues I possibly could be asked as a musician , in addition to all of Madisa , and in addition to the unconstrained capacity for its initial impact .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is increasing Nelson Mandela .
But do everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their country — a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out my money now and tell people what &apos;s happened there , they &apos;ll just drop it .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet KIPP , who is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible piece of court and activist .
I met him at one of the 464 mediums .
He was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this reputation is kind of like being a mess of mess , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away from it . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign made by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live on the ground .
They have educational programs .
They address the issues associated with conflict .
It &apos;s really rather ugly to do .
And yes , my Song propaganda supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS reliability and raise money for the past .
The vast majority of the finance that I &apos;ve been able to get is immediately went to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still continuing to do in South Africa .
So this is my song marketer .
In the Singer campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oslo , Norway , getting a loan of money , and I &apos;m already playing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to play essentially a whiteboard , a medieval sub-Saharan African audience , who ultimately started to be disappointed , because I use my films that really reflect on the heart of this terrible variation and the whole thing that &apos;s going on : people are inclined to cheat , because they &apos;re inspired , and they really don &apos;t know what the solu@@
Aaron Malawi , the former Health Program of the present , was also present in this concert , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly optimistic about improvements in that area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became an IMF consultant in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my lady in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Singapore children I just play .
And just like these children , they &apos;re already HIV positive because their parents are HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidwich , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And the great news for me was that Miguel invited me just a few months ago to become an AIDS victim at UNAIDS .
That &apos;s exactly how I encourage my speech to spread my wallet .
The message that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard worldwide is that we want to effectively deploy HIV / AIDS virus to mothers by 2015 .
This is a pretty common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved by political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we beat , and we both heal , and we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can take care of the child who is going to be bringing light into the world .
And her child will get AIDS by forcing her mother to a maternal child transplant , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of a virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is exactly what we need to do with AIDS epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell her story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she had already seen marks of HIV / AIDS , and she was suffering from drug abuse .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Cambridge , and we had a complete break after her , just a grim baby .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see .
They put a special meal for the girl , and they followed and cured her .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital .
So it &apos;s clear that this was a very emotional meeting that left us seamless memories of this one child , so you know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I squeeze . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve come down because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the paradigm shift that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This area of disappointment is actually for doctors and nurses in the hospital , who have been inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get the food and effective health care benefits , and you believe in the United States of the United States of America , in particular the fifth and third , which all governments in the world will inadvertently realize : East Africa , can you buy the food and the energy ?
I think I &apos;ll be right if I say that nearly all of the people in the room stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good luck . Poverty is a wonderful way to move forward from reality , and it allows you to do what science is going to do at the dawn of life .
As a biomimicry , I &apos;m bringing together the elements of ingenuity and science to make you feel about the applications of technology in the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re building a street , and your world is increasing information — products , scores , structures , maybe one day even with the names of the streets you &apos;ve seen .
Here &apos;s my mental illness .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re transferring the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
Like this : Let &apos;s say we know next time we see .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , and let &apos;s start .
( Music ) Voice : The recording is over . The recording is over .
MoMA : For those of you who don &apos;t work with paper , I would say it &apos;s composed of four different marks : love , shame , shame and pink .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think four marks represent four times a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink and ... Voice : My favorite meaning is noise . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a warmth when heat turns into ice , water turns into fresh water , and then everything disappears .
Each iceberg has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Each iceberg is 13 balls of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the processing , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful actors of the neighborhood .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
Here &apos;s the shape and the sun that underpins the transition from evening to glacier .
Voice : Sir , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the tricks that the toy has 52 tickets is like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws learned between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Stop , don &apos;t be real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was the sixth birthday that I received my first playbook , and on that day , I traveled all over the world — honoring the growth of boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even the prime ministers and the prime ministers . ( Applause ) Except , who are these ? MM : Yeah , these
Sorry .
Jokie : Hey . MT : Are you ready for your show ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Now let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I &apos;m making my way .
MT : Hello . Jack . Hey , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing you to another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be grown ? How should it be nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , for seven days .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course this is all work . Some people say growth is the work of superficial non-force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; no , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not that intelligent . But I have to warn you that if you play with a wise player , which is how you divide your cards by money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s probably from 416 to 1 .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my citizens are better . It &apos;s possible to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy , which is the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the puzzle of making a photo every day .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I studied very well in school . My expectations were big , and I was fortunate to think about the life of the elite , the youth and the flood .
As a kid , I was really troubled , unsafe , totally fearful , from people of fear , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my skirt just like I had before , listening to a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and the pay .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started to hear that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and then a third person reproducing whatever I was doing .
&quot; He goes to the class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was strangely and hopeful , although I noticed that the violent circumstance of the sound changed , and it occasionally exploded my own unspeakable feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I often did when I was accustomed to hide my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
A sort of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people didn &apos;t hear sounds and the fact that I was sure something wasn &apos;t real .
I told the doctor at the beginning of my university .
And honestly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student television host who was interviewing news at the university , and at a time with a psychiatrist who was too late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow exponentially .
First , I was diagnosed with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with a schizophrenia , and the best part was that he gave me a tremendous sense of hopelessness and awareness about me and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a synergy , fear is more powerful to address it .
At that time , it was essentially present in the acceptance of a common practice in my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war — and this caused the majority of the sounds that were coming into being documentary and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , hopelessness , uncertainty and incomprehension began , and this was a struggle where I felt helpless and unable to achieve some extent peace and skill .
Two years later , the procedure was transparent .
Until now , I had a full-time repertoire : terrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent products .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
One broken and divorced man started the journey , but that man who had come somewhere had been saved and ended up becoming the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and they &apos;re poor compared to the memories that I used .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in her lifespan , but the month is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the good and amazing people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come back from that misery , just from the place .
It was very hard at first to believe it , because the sounds were so tempting and so consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to learn the metaphorical meaning that I used to associate myself with words .
For example , the sounds that were killing at home I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I trusted them .
I remember , for instance , sitting there one night beside my parents &apos; living room from the noise consumers I really thought was .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Then do one .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By looking at all of this , I was recently collecting my stored self accounts with a sound that was expressed by every single brilliant , statistically speaking out of every medicine class to again be psychotherapy , just this time .
Now , I &apos;m very proud of Ivory Coast as part of the international organizational movement of the soundscape of the international movement , a framework that came up with his idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandy Each , who perceives soundscapes sounds like survival rituals , in the case of normal reaction , rather than a tool of culture that needs to be part of
This kind of society is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way to evolve .
In terms of difficulty , if there is social change , then it becomes possible .
You can &apos;t afford somebody who &apos;s proud .
I cannot deny the people who are no longer afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has established the networks in 26 countries in five continents , working together to deal with dignity , unification and law enforcement , to create a new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levine put it , it &apos;s an animal that has its basic ability to treat and use this basic ability to think about it .
In this way , there &apos;s no greater leverage for the society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient , to be able to witness , to join the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are a verb . We are immutable .
In us , nothing can ever really be more cultural , change or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician told me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry , or what else have told you .
You &apos;re welcome to your own . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to take a picture earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a beard , the process ends when you paste the beard .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you shake the ball .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photography .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really be photographed , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were somehow able to photograph them .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the opportunity .
And it &apos;s more an idea than it was at any given moment .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details , the colors to the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
This is not so much a reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it through real-world pieces where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , in a different way , we can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we blame our brains , because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in taking photographs .
It &apos;s just a collection of realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise there &apos;s something wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get the reality out .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the pictures combine to have the same vibrations .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , they &apos;re made from the same height and also the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s not possible to differentiate where they start and end up becoming individuals without compromise .
You have to explain any idea about how to make images .
By comparing colors , concentration and illumination between the boundaries of different images , by adding photographs , such as density , by mixing colors and amplifying the digital noise , we are bringing the differences between different images and becoming one single image , even though a picture can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of images from different places .
It seems to me , actually , it &apos;s easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like that , because in that case , you don &apos;t have to go into ideas about meetings .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea stuck , I knew that I had a few months to prepare to find various places to get these photos .
For example , this fish was taken in a fish farm .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of George &apos;s portrait was painted in the womb .
And one of the things that I did when I moved home was I got a little red to make it look more urban .
To really get the results , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start from essay , from idea .
Then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good photograph , the result may be pretty and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Juliano , good luck .
It &apos;s been recognized that Wikipedia , your little girl , has shared more sophisticated documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it amazing that the media of the rest of the world is doing so badly , that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make false papers ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re just using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it in a simple gesture , we get it in a simple media screen , we get it in a simple media organization , we make it very difficult sometimes when you talk about a huge amount of information , we tweak the information , and then we protect ourselves from unpredictable legal and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any puzzle , then we might as well dismiss it .
( Chanting ) The king of spades .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking you what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago on your side .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Chris &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll that came out after the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Marshall , about 18 years ago .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds spent on a conversation that was driving .
And then the government posted it and used it as a political solution for Muti , who was the wealthiest man , and still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final target of the genetic information .
So in 2007 , I went there , and we managed to get it right before the election , the national election , on December 28 .
When we opened that conversation , we celebrated it three days after the opening day that a new president , Kibera , decided to interact with the man who had come out to dinner with Daniel Rachel Moi , and this conversation , he hopefully became president of Kiribati .
BG : And in a nutshell , the conversation about the co-girl , Kenya , spoke not in the mundane news , but in the indirectional news , and you think that &apos;s really the result of elections .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headlines , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya , in the province of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , in two days , became the reason that the mandate of Kenya spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , the poll changed by 10 percent in a genetic research party , and it changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , how much information did you make that difference in the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of the Band-Aid air-conditioning video .
The history is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — it &apos;s a strong seed , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I see your object , well , they have about four joints , ah , adult ...
It &apos;s freedom . It &apos;s good . It &apos;s cheating .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Get it .
Come on , break up .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
The Hurricane — double-vice vernacular , Buddhism , Zquez .
We need to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve been involved in the nonviolent struggle .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two , this is two-way , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go ahead , Cool . Okay , there we go . I pack them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : For those people working on it , the impact was huge .
Finally , we sent two people to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened there .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that seems to be the work of two Ruters as well .
JA : There you go . From two Reuters , two little children got married .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And that turned out to be the source of the enlightenment .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power discord .
What you see here is a guy walking down the street , and he &apos;s dropping a 30-million-mile drop in the air , and he &apos;s dropping a 30-mile drop in the air , and he &apos;s dropping it on everybody , and he &apos;s dropping every kind of jewelry to do it , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who clearly weren &apos;t in charge , because that &apos;s their entire work .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manju , has been converging , and it seems to me gradually that video has been tested as well as 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we argued that we got those kinds of radio waves .
He was co-invented about five days ago in the hands of 150,000 telephones and in the hands of the 50 .
We did a radio show at the beginning of this year at the U.S. Department of Reichia , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those well-known interviews .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Education for thousands of telescopes ...
JA : We would reward them . ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Y &apos;all ? ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Well , because this kind of material shows us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the real estate of human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what are the materials .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that monitoring secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the relevant information in the world , what kind of information can lead to changes ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend economic lives gathering information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is a hope that it will work out okay , because organizations that are well known , countries know it , they spend jobs to protect it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved or really , for the vast benefits of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
That is , we have a dangerous understanding policies .
We have a special way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of the privilege , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s the secret of the privilege , but we are working with the discoveries that we have that are working on , that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that somebody has had a certain amount of money .
It shows one soldier in the United States , among people who are laughing .
It leaves the press — it leaves the press , approximately , of millions of people around the world that American soldiers are inhuman .
Actually , not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you get it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for that , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to shine light on what you think is the secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a way to fill yourself with secrets around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources that would be a telescope for other sources .
If they appear , the difficult situation will come for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to keep our cleanliness , not to clean up .
CA : I &apos;d actually just like to — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing how TED thinks .
You know , there could be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julius .
You know , hero , the hero of the audience , who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : Just kidding , Julian , brilliant party .
You have to try a little bit . Let me show you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED , do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that &apos;s just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is sweet , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a number of storms took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call from a randomized engineering analysis of the accident that said that , in fact , security workers from some content , many contacts of companies were actually terrorists out there , and they were arrested .
And that some of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the craftsmanship on the top has nothing written on it , so it &apos;s a very difficult paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t beat it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit stressed out , thinking , well , maybe some content company is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are you talking about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the guy &apos;s name was written at Microsoft Woods .
There you go .
( Applause ) Those things have happened a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods to simulate , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Have you had any information from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of craftsmanship and engineering efforts .
That &apos;s why our media landscape has grown smaller in the past couple of months , because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems for the overall social interest that we like .
It &apos;s a problem .
An emerging organization like any species is growing , we &apos;re kind of geographically growing , and what that means is that we &apos;re getting a huge amount of high-level discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the basic percentage , basically , of the reporters and the reporters ?
JA : Aww . Now , trustworthy people .
That is , we &apos;re a population that &apos;s difficult to grow very rapidly , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we need to rebuild the people that are going to engage with the highest levels of national security , and then with lower security .
CA : So let &apos;s have a personal understanding of you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing the bill , so the two congregations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a component of the evolution of phenotypes .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age , you were also against strong and early adopted power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , at a young age , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
It has to be emotional with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by race mapping your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
That &apos;s why this appearance is not so common as it was in time .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you break them down a little bit and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the jellyfish .
But the basic values — well , by the way , adults don &apos;t create guns — they feed them guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father , and it comes from people of great age who have been in my life .
CA : So people of the age , don &apos;t they like to create a chicken ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and that &apos;s not my thing to eat , but there &apos;s another way to eat potatoes , which is to manage crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute we &apos;re really struck by what happened in Iceland ?
You actually published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service provided that the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . Then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the most devastating thing .
Her bank account was the top 10 percent of its economy in GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re giving this talk last year to Holly .
And National TV was able to anticipate it five minutes before it was released . As in a movie , the content on the media , and the headline was confusing , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website all the time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And it was such a pressure in the community that it would never happen , and as a result , with some policymakers in Iceland and some international law enforcement experts working with a new type of law enforcement for Iceland to become an official landscape for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world and the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Icelandic prime minister .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Juliano .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secrets , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
That means there &apos;s a huge gap between the legislation and the legislation of freedom of speech between the U.S. , China and the United States .
Does it work ? Does it work ?
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because only a little bit of effort can we move it side by side .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;ve invented the audience &apos;s opinion , by saying , Juliano , be tough and strong and strong with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my director of inmates and arts who are here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it lasted 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting books and stories , nine with the 17 interesting books in cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demise .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly linked to the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had great education , I &apos;m not in favor , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art that I &apos;ve shown you .
And when I began traveling and going to the gyre , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a great team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArthProject.com .
And you can see all the details there .
Here &apos;s the weather of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Rich and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite subway in New York City .
There are two bars to stay with me : very cold .
Come on , and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonbie , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can go in a trench . You can go in a trench .
Do you want a circular lunch ?
Open the hardware and bring it in .
You go in and you have to go to the end of the network .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best of it yet .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite paintings , the Pitt Bragel Berkeley collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wind gave us that picture , you can stick on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things in the picture .
This guy is walking out a lot , his face is balanced .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the picture and I noticed that these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , and I spoke to several famous people at MIT , and I found out that this is a game called chocolate , and in the process , children write a checklist on Tuesday evening .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got there .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features , the night of God , the example I showed you , just to see the details .
What if you wanted to see the wedding rings ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this chapter ?
We put the images together , like we put in a picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I say in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this picture .
Now let me show you my personal favorite way .
There are many different things in this , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really wonderful opportunity . It &apos;s called cooking .
Each one of you , no matter how rich you are or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
Right outside , you &apos;re thinking , we &apos;ve created something we call image-making power , you can change the scale of the image .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can write magazines and send your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an explanation , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the military .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
It was my common experience .
My hope is that in this digital world , we are briefly present artworks online .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is this : &quot; &quot; Did you design it for an attempt to rebuild the storm ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It simply makes it easier to visit refugees .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I &apos;ve been doing in my life , telling stories , writing pages , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural things called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of the pieces of my personal history .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the environment . In my talk , you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Sarasburgh , a rural family in France .
A while later , my parents got divorced from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
And from that point on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the late 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit of an extraordinary sight .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up seeing my mother in a disconnected neighborhood .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a global , time-consuming woman , an Arab woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very motivated by me , but with much more spiritual values , much less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who had been fortunately buried in the grocery store and got really bad images for her , didn &apos;t have eyes .
A lot of them would come to my grandmother with heavy socks , people or helmets on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would have words in Arabic , she would take a red pen and drink it with needles as many as they wanted to take out of the skin .
And then he put one more of those money into the starfish .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience of scientists , but the truth is that all of the people who are addressing my grandmother with brain problems , I haven &apos;t seen him struggle .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from the many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to disrupt anything in your life , whether it &apos;s artificial , paperwork , or a human spirit , then you have to surround it in the
And it &apos;s going to be four from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and culture .
Yeah , all of us .
We &apos;re all born into a certain family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the ugly world we were suffering from , then we might have a threat to extract from within .
Our sustainability would go away . Our hearts would go down . Our humanity would go down if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members , all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our appearances .
Another thing my mother does in Turkey is they cover the elephant in a tin can , or they run off the wall to get the photos off the wall .
It &apos;s an ancient Egyptian tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy for the long run .
Through the generation of postcards , people who live in communities are at the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the place : the Kibera and the conservatives , the mosques and the beliefs , the rich and poor , the East and the East .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the appearance , and then we &apos;re going to fix people who think about other stars .
I think that the only cultural Googlers to win by hand is by reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can actually eliminate other fields and even combine what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Hey , do you want to run a laundry ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental statement .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , talking to colorful people and asking people about things when I was speaking to them , and so my mother thought that it would be good for me if I was writing my book , to address my everyday discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering a terrible disappointment in my life , and the last thing I was going to write about was myself .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and about things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , of writing stories .
My reaction at first was more self-organizing than translating a journey into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to type in a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and then I &apos;m going to stop for it .
Go back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this small , low-income , middle-income housing apartment where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful Madiadida international school where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; Aboriginal Principle . &quot; &quot; We were taught in our classroom by children of various tasks , and yet this diversity did not result in a classroom , a classroom of equal democracy .
On the contrary , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individuals but as representative of a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exclusive moments that happened with your own credit or people .
This kid or this kid would often become an object of constant production and crap .
And I knew it very well , because at the time that I was pleased from that school , there was a war crime in my country , with a group of people representing my nation , there was very little left to the murderers of the Roman Prince and the Eurozone military .
( Laughter ) In those days , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming a coal .
This is where I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Shakespeare , and they were interested in how many symbiosis I had in my daily life , because they thought all saints were Earth &apos;s failures , and they were surprised that from age I had to start my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three dimensions of my country : politics , symbols and the head .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my balance was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories compelled me to be focused , to be continuous and to be successful — these were the three things I always needed .
When I was 60 years old , I moved to Stumble , a town that I am protecting .
I lived in many , many animals , many environments where I wrote some of my papers .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I had this kind of vision that came to me .
We had a local pride , an elderly man who had never sold a drink from the soul , never spoke to the public domain .
He was sitting next to a translator who had been casting a canvas for a long and long time , and the crew of the canvas was scraping underneath his throat .
I saw this man opening his window in his hand and reaching out to him . This picture of the Great Firewall is now in my memory of the preservation prophecy and the transgression of trans sitting on the wall .
Death and destruction make our country &apos;s difference and we all become united , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but in a good reading , we leave our small , well-meaning habitats , and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and begin to deal with people we &apos;ve never met before , or perhaps who we &apos;ve been to before .
A little after that , I started to grow a cholera in Boston and then in Michigan .
I was more experienced not by global change , but by language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a fan , not a clerk . I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ? &quot; &quot; In language , I get to rebuild myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical for me .
I feel a different kind of connection with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universally accepted language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through constant and potential outrage .
Because as a starter , we always want to say more , to do better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a great range between mind and language .
And it &apos;s a very scary condition .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : Satisfaction is very disheartening .
At that time , my grandmother , who was following my lifetime , began to insert in her victims that I was married soon , so I could go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Samuel , I have begun to transform lives in Arizona and in Starbucl . These two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or psychologically .
Stories constantly guide me , keeping all of my particles and memories together , acting as an ecstatic smell .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I recently started to think about how they &apos;re losing their magic — if , or when , as a story , more than a story .
I want us all to think together .
When my first story was released in America , I heard a very interesting look from a literary judge .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look . There are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the characters of English had to be more than the others , but I understood what he was looking for .
As well as I realized , I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
In the book , she was looking for herself because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how the politics of self affects how stories spread and transcend and return .
Many authors feel this pressure , but the non-Archimedes feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writer from a deadly world like me , then you expect to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to tell hard stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages , messages and types of stories , and surrounding your experimental and dangerous partners .
What I experienced when I was a kid at Ahmedad is now in the literary world .
Governments don &apos;t think of themselves as an independent creator , they view themselves as representatives of their culture , some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We all expect to have something special if not definitive .
In one of 1984 &apos;s interviews , James Baldwin asked a lot of questions about comparison .
When the reporter was trying to remind me of the fact that she was a Gayesian writer , Bloody went to her and said , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t you see ? I don &apos;t have anything special in me that &apos;s different from me and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it puts our liberty at risk .
There &apos;s a subtle metaphor called multicultural literature , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural effort 10 years ago at Harvard University .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , as infidels .
( Laughter ) We were brought together not because we were writing in the same art form or in the same literature .
We were brought together by our characters .
There are many cultural authors waiting for them to write real stories , not so many narratives .
The sequence is replicated .
In this way , not just for the books but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It comes from everywhere .
I felt it for the first time in 2005 when I was asked to respond to the classical speeches of my favorite characters in the courtroom .
They expected me to write about the building , the building , the building , the building , the building , and the building of households with women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial history had a significant impact on me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-conflict .
Sometimes my desire was introduced to both sides to remind me that it was simply a gift .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to fix my work .
I want to love and magnify the reaction to its essence but not what it will get out of it .
Scrappers are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that position , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chuck said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And it &apos;s only the last one who &apos;s responsible for the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity shares us . The narrative is unified .
One requires immediate gratification .
The other one is the details .
One is boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of property seems to be built out of solid dust .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
In Odison , there were subtle stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to lunch rooms , storytellers , and they were telling their stories very often by telling them exactly where they were .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even soda , the dead , not the dead .
Stories have been shattered across borders , like the hunter-gatherer paths of the Netherlands , that have been very spread across the Middle East , in North Africa , in Balkans and in Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator has been reading Hebrew books and vice versa , combining and accepting the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books saved an intricate , messy girl like I did at the time .
But I also know the threat to fiction books .
When he was arrested and mystic , Rumi met his spiritual guidance — from Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was to sit down in Rome &apos;s books and watch how the words disappear in the water .
Sufi officials say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t bring you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem of modern cultural Googlers is not the problem of knowledge , we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuous ; it &apos;s located there .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , wrapped around .
That &apos;s my response .
Part of it is surrounded by all the rainforests of Starbucl , and the other part is traveling around the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen a drop of popcorn , which was the poster child of Osama Bin in over 400 years .
In Pakistan , there &apos;s a place called Jenny &apos;s approval by a little bit .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we are unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We view them as evidence of supernatural things , like water , that &apos;s kind of seemed to be out of noise and boost despair .
But more of these kinds of sentences feel like writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next 10 pages .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I might write about a death woman in my interviews , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and another book I may write about a compelling , comparable innovative journalist .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Opossum Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am living . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Clean . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that teaches students in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Writable literature is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like actors who set the circles on their own .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for each and every one of us to love and , oh my God , the country ain &apos;t no one . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on an active problem in Australia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and fairer species .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are so damn similar .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like play .
In addition to transporting games , we had skeletons of rocks .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
Howard Herodes , 18 years later , decides that he should play the last game .
We want to imagine teaching profits and then teaching people the tools to reach them .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have positive data on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge generation , ubiquity , world and possibility .
My big idea , which actually is a very small idea , is that it can cost the road for the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room , dressed in a tent .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my own hard attempt .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of stress .
I broke my head , I broke my Speedo , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to address the wine .
And in the process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that for a better , more effective , more stimulated and happy life , you need to be good enough .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , the fate has become a cornerstone for morality .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at putting four hours before the night .
I didn &apos;t have much left to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , this leather might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of hide-and-seek to show you the benefits of yourself .
Especially here in Washington , D.C. , if anyone has invited the before and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is sure , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a radar tone playing , I &apos;m going to have two coffeehouses and we &apos;re going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means that they &apos;re so ineffic@@
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get to see the sum before it falls to Taniyama .
And so many of our tents have been shared .
It makes me feel like if Leymah brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , his sister would probably have noticed the nightmare , because he would walk for seven or eight hours and see the full picture .
We now have multiple paths across the world : the things that are useful for us personally , the more joy , the happiness , the efficiency of our lives , will help our careers , and also benefit from all over the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s a story about imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting to have used it for many years .
Today , I use that material to create the highest quality housing types in various cities in the world .
I was the most amazing person to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I graduated from college , I got a tutor .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got the chance to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating a master &apos;s degree , I set up an internal , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the shooting day was coming , and I didn &apos;t have it inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for the disaster .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great work was difficult and hard work .
And I came out to the corner and I started to see how fishes connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a different way of creating a new way of creating a canvas , a way of generating a canvas without a massive raw material .
And the first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s a self-portrait , it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horses . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to photograph , we uploaded the Web to the pattern .
What I discovered is that drought-tolerant forms spring up every hour , creating seamless changes .
I was angry .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with villagers .
I loved the details that I was getting , but I wanted to make more larger things , to transform the class of objects that you &apos;re looking at , something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the fisherman jobed , and we set up a network , a million and a half connections , in a short time , in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Soleil Maralis , who renewed the fragile region of Portugal , Portugal .
He asked if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by preserving my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in conflict with the very nature of materials .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would recognize the electromagnetic patterns of the sun , the wind blowing and the toxins of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so hot that they would be buried out of the cloud .
We needed something that was going on in the center of the network .
So we drove up a 20-ton wall .
We had to design an engineering solution to make the skeleton move from the ground up to the ground up and down .
But there was no programmable computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect who &apos;s been engineering furniture for the American Portrait Games . His name is Peter Hippocrates .
He helped me solve two zeroes , providing the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the army didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a market manufacturer , met with a market manufacturer , and found out how valuable it was .
There was no programming language that transformed the production of the typical hand gesture through the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a network of 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation had lost nothing .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and innocent parachute .
Now it was a perceptual space .
I think of it for the first time .
As I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown ground .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is the civic mayor of Philadelphia , and I felt that for the formation of this article , the content needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit of water around the boiled water , and we found that in the process , people could also interfere with this material and go through without parole .
And I use this classic material to visualize the procession of the subway tracks , at the moment of the process , as if it were a range of the urban environment .
The next challenge we had in Denver was the living condition of the North and South America , and they asked me if I could visualize the connection of the West Bank 35 countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
Coughly in Chile , the earthquake and the seminar that has happened in recent years , has analyzed the entire Pacific Pacific .
It mobilized the tectonic shifts of the Earth , accelerated the planet &apos;s surface and literally replicated the thermal properties .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked for the quantum data , and I turned it into this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it from a wall star in my own way .
It had a very complex structure .
I replaced the mythological foundation with a soft , fragile soil , which was 15 times the wall .
The audience is now fully dressed and so thoroughly dressed to be part of the fabric of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to come up with this idea of associating Thomas Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have finance , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , industrial forms .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering techniques to create materials , compelling , shapes that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
As a lawyer , he was never interested in art , he never went to a local art department , and now he was able to get out of the building and say , &quot; &quot; Put a below the table .
These people in the House of Representatives were just outraged at this point by their strangers , and they were seeing the creation , the shape-shifting images , and they were discussing the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age online .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeful .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little girl , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of them are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , is being channeled by all of our emotional systems , and it &apos;s being violated in this huge region , which has the present self and the present self and the brain , and how you can feel and hear it .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by sharing my right hand .
And at this point we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left visual cortex is something else .
Our left inferior frontal gyrus is thinking about stem and metadata .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more weird in my body . Imagine that .
