Until recently , about a billion people on this planet will be actively carrying social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what made me think about this : this is the letter of a blog by Dr. Milly in the beginning of this year , who was a science writer and technology writer who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally has cancer deaths , my family and friends deserve this message that I had written , and this activity website is going to become passive . &quot; &quot; Because Millennium was a journalist , his idea was probably well written and managed , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded to 48 hours .
200 million digits every day are written .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;re going to be better off creating some pictures and some economic videos , or an app that &apos;s in some corner .
And today , we &apos;re all creating a wonderful , wealthy digital device that will continue to collapse , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to put a picture of what the future and what it &apos;s going to be like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what will happen to our online professors and social media accounts after our death .
One of them , quite famously , found me when I was signing up in Foursquare to be at a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Embrace idifie.net while not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , right ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that can be put on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones , a place to show up online , with videos , with photos and stories that may be placed after your death .
But what happens in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dan Roy , who showed that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic video .
So in order for machines to understand human language and to build large databases , it &apos;s still improving , it &apos;s possible to analyze a life-long life of simplicity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world beyond our death , through all the accuracy that we create , and through technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your letters on Twitter , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions about what the next letter will say .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 10 years later , 10 years later , the improvement of our technical skills .
Moving forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans create in their lifetime ?
Last but not least , let &apos;s go back to this famous window that was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN held a bunch of hyper-election music to watch Andron Coup interview .
What if we could use technology like this to predict the presence of our loved ones in our villages , who actually communicate in a way based on all the content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is completely possible because the data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology is expanding at a rapid rate .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything about it ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My friend is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of everything we do .
Huhh . One minute .
Wait for a second , until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step back , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening in our daily lives .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and at that time , our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Web that has created something worldwide — something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half thousand feet thick , and this is the first virus on the computer .
And when we continue this sequence , the nerve cell collapses , and it &apos;s written here by 0600KO78RUS , and it &apos;s written here in the lower quadrant .
As a survey . This is no use .
Learn to understand meaning .
As a result , I started Googling .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to lab workers .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with the RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Citizen code . You can find this in certain phones , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to Senate .
And after a lot of research , we finally found this website . This guy , he worked for years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journals , and in this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , his father , his friend — and he &apos;s got a beautiful car .
This boy is actually running .
Marcedes-Benz Sixty-six gigatons , more than 400 rupees . For 20 children in State , this is a family car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
At the center of Sanskrit .
He &apos;d drive another car . And he &apos;d shoot his blog .
( Video ) Narrator : This is Ladida Samaan who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of Spain .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if they were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime went down . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime went down ? In many cases it didn &apos;t go so far .
The vast majority of drugs .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
It &apos;s often very nervous . The text police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . That &apos;s Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapeutic controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the addition of this building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet turns one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It &apos;s dependent on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from the ground up , like electricity , obviously , we depend on computers . And it really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers fail . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So the equipment assumes that we can work when things are not there , when things are not there , it &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about storage , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I have a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;ll tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do real-time job discovering criminals — these organized groups that collect millions of them — and this is more important than offensive .
Creating programs or Internet connectivity , importantly , under these conditions .
It &apos;s about discovering the people on the ground , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the people who are normal .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I want to introduce you to this first one , and it &apos;s only two minutes for you to change your body .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the subjects that occur during the intersection , the silent judges , the global states , or the fake eye , all the way down to the simple handshake .
Once . Here they go to the airfield .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And that is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , which is what we call social scientists , we call non-verbal values , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make false beliefs and mistakes .
And they can have a critical meaning in critical circumstances of life , such as taking human labor , or taking time .
For instance , the Nobel Prize researcher at Forts University has found that when people watch 30 seconds at a time of their own personal medicine and the actual interaction of the patient , their medical love will be split from their judgment to that doctor , if not .
That &apos;s why they have to use them intelligently , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organs all over the place .
And so what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and it was inevitable that I should be interested in government dynamics .
I was particularly struck by the non-zero-sum notions of power and authority .
You think , how is it that power and power are not determined by overstatement ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically great way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jesse has been looking at this sentence , which is known as hope and discovery .
In the hands of our hands , in the blankets , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
Here &apos;s what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When we have a strong and self-confident identity , we , independently , fail .
I watch the movement of my students in the audience , and I see that business masters really do manage .
They do almost two things when they get there .
Whereas others are struggling to step inside , as soon as the audience goes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be compared to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
And this is particularly important for a business master , because the value is very highly defined by participation .
Business schools have long struggled to solve this gene .
So I started crying , so for example , the university adopts these people who participate in the classrooms .
There are beliefs to be , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we &apos;re supposed to cheat — the boy is raped with teeth like this — we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on the side . It works on the side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can we change the body &apos;s behavior ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from nurses and pigs ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more self-confident and better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window out there , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong leader , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s in charge of a stress response ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indeed , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons .
You shake , you shake .
He was beating her .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effects like this .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influencing our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use this as a way of valuing your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is the one .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis or experiment is .
And feelings of gratitude were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
That &apos;s all very powerful for decision-making .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
In response , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always being smart and talented .
They took me out of college , I tried to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And I did . I did five years old .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his feelings .
He can shape it until it &apos;s done .
He changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about it before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Take it for as long as it hasn &apos;t become part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small changes can occur .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your strategy higher , lower your cortex .
Let me put it in perspective that you think you haven &apos;t shown up .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrorous Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and writer .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people fall out of business .
One billion people are hungry for clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many problems .
In the world we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in the economic field , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the issue ahead ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered the 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to briefly read them : climate change , aggression , conflict , education , financial insecurity , government and corruption , population integration , social conditions and water , and suburbia and foreign operations .
We think bias are the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important thing ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
That was the most important question that was asked in May of Dallas .
Of course , it &apos;s not right for people to have central problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What &apos;s important is not the overall solution of problems , but the overall solution of problems .
In that case , of course , it makes it more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the Kyoto response .
Aging diseases have to be solved through networks of hospitals and adults .
Companies with U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege to write what you think about leadership .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember that we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be at the end of the show ?
I suggest , 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just mention what the world &apos;s biggest problems should be , which is more gray .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love — I &apos;ve been given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you enough of my time , OK ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s really what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure that we &apos;re going to have these discussions , I urge you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
And of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been set up ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more correlation that the first one doesn &apos;t fully understand that we don &apos;t want to create a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years that we have the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things that we can do in the world and decide what to start from .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a dominance , any kind of definition of dominance , and of course we continue to make a difference from a two-dimensional , but incidentally , of course , it would be harder if we actually did something about it and followed it and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say for a long time that we have had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to the restaurant and they give you a big room , but you don &apos;t know anything about the grocery store .
For example , you asked the question , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family issue . It can be a very small issue , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And the main work of the Copenhagen was like this .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in every field .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
It &apos;s also in infectious diseases .
The three major scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so forth .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The University of Cambridge marvelously decided to call them Rel Machine economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work was essentially a symbol of the culture .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The problem is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two attacks is first , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s the work of economists .
They are rated .
They do the crazy job of saying what we should do first and what we should follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can also see it online , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They &apos;re basically meeting with a display where they say there are bad projects , which is programs where the dollar investment is less than the revenue .
There are averages , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the slide .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreement with the indicators you &apos;ve been talking about .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
The only thing we can do on this question is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average sample of environmental models , which is the Cotton software , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
That &apos;s a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the number of developing countries in the Third World to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
In all patterns , it &apos;s only 2,100 years worldwide .
I mean , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 might expect 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent an awful lot of money to get some result .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can provide people all over the world with clean drinking water , sanitary pad with a basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money and do something very positive ?
Or taking that money and doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — you know , I &apos;m not going to counter all of them — infectious diseases , primary health services — despite getting a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good programs , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four cultures that are supposed to be addressing the world &apos;s leading cause of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria : battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with information .
Court can even make a percentage of countries at risk .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting a billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the time-lapse and global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can get the freedom window and specifically reduce the amount of suffering in the United States and the United States , we can give the world &apos;s economy about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is about 50 percent of the world &apos;s population .
Again , we can say that we can actually pull two to three hundred million people out of poverty very rapidly , within two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very expensive tools to solve the food problem , particularly with the microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of paper , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem briefly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be to solve HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars over the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do that and what we need to focus on is two different directions to the battle against HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , the second is treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we did two .
But if we don &apos;t do it , or we don &apos;t do it well , we should be wondering where we put the first one .
And treatment is much lower than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more with invasion programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do the right amount of X by treating and 10 times better things by preventing .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus more on prevention , on treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at the wish of your culture and say , did you make it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just to find that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of our dreams team — has been very good at this .
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most dramatic predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they will be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we talk about saving people , or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real issue , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re wealthy , like a wealthy Chinese , or a Libyan , or a Congolese subsidiary of 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t it strange that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really taken care of my grandfather , or a grandmother , who
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to pick up Bride Pitt in his next movie to attempt snippets in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the title of the movie .
So I think that in many ways , the Copernican Convention and the whole discussion of farming is really addressing the issues .
So we can understand that this is not for us to feel good .
And it &apos;s not to create the genius of the media &apos;s attention , but to create the foundation for better action .
The next thing that I think is really important is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In 1970 , the developed countries decided that we needed to spend twice as much on the developing world as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re in the middle of solving all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things around the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go back and think about the best categories .
I just want to highlight : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable outcome , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
It only takes two conditions . They need to learn English in the university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly step out of the supply chain , and so they did , and proposed their own testimony .
And what was really interesting was that the samples were the same : problems of depression and disease in the first century , climate change in the end .
We did the same over and over again .
There were lots of other symptoms , lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hope , really , and I can say that I believe that we should go some way to think about supermarkets , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start thinking about where we &apos;re going .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and hopefully more people will gather and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Create the right mind for the world , and also start thinking about political competitions .
So we start thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do work with big spending , not with things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree on how we define these kinds of farms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we &apos;re doing and not living .
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define our borders and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine in Providencia , Red Allen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and we were a manufacturer , and that &apos;s why we chose the road to go through the local refugees and the national refugees , and to cut a long way to go .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I &apos;m turning to my friend and asking a question that had taken me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hierarchy mean that I see the path all the time ? &quot;
My friend &apos;s looking at me .
In the first century , it &apos;s perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the signals that we see that the Chinese hierarchy is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; And he keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he knows what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you are , the famous Chinese hero for the Grand Canyon . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that are very similar — why we sometimes misrepresent the signals around us , and how we act when it happens , and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now , you may be surprised that I am a ride for such strange career , but actually I have a great advantage : the exclusion of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about mistakes , or at least get stuck thinking that we can be wrong .
Obviously , we understand that very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is mistaken ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the bridge comes to me , at this very moment , all of the assumptions that I have , in this present time , are dramatically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we go back to present time , we go for elections , we vote today .
In fact , we all live our lives , hidden in a small bubble of our own power .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as all of us , to think of ourselves as a society .
So what I want to talk about today is , first of all , why we are trapped in our own constitution .
And then why is that ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
DH : All right , great .
Sorry , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be destructive , like discovery , it can be really fun , like my stupid mistake on Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember that movie of Loony Tunes , where a bright battle still continues , but never gets to a rocket .
In virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird flies by the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , that &apos;s not a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he stares down and realizes the air is on .
And at that time , he &apos;s moving .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re like that mirror when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us insist on staying within the consensus of our own states .
I call it false positives .
Most of the drugs we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us afraid that we should always be afraid of the rights , and that relates to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is splitting out surveys , and one of them looks like this .
This is not the wind , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in the school , and you definitely know what you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid ; he &apos;s creating orphanages ; he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are unaccountable , and second of all , that the focus of achieving success in life is really bad .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , well , headache , athletic , moral fear .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs , theoretical and mortgage participants .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;re wrong somewhere .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , mobile and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surviving .
He feels anxious , the operator does his job , he puts on the cards and he sends the patient to his room , cleaning .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed ? &quot; &quot; And she gets the wrong side of her body because the surgeon has survived her left arm first .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The bottom line of trust that we all have frequently is not a reliable challenge for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we &apos;re doing it the opposite , and we &apos;re revealing the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we &apos;re doing things like , say , making more than 750 million clean oil disposal or disposal of the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to be a victim .
It means that your beliefs fully ignore reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a number of random hypotheses .
First of all , when someone brings out their disagreement , we simply assume that she is unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that &apos;s , they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make mistakes for their unnecessary goals .
So this is terrible .
Our failure to be true prevents us from falling prey to us when it &apos;s so necessary for us that it causes us to act preposterously against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it all connects together to the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are like a passenger window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it does , life would be very enjoyable .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Thousands of years ago , Derek said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Susan Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a mutual event in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or lose .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think the search for that planet is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times what I called this American Life message .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I thought all the stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is really the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested that to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every part of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our procrastinators , are going to give those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive conditions and horrific consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something happens , but instead something else happens .
George Burke thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive understatement , he was going to liberate the Middle East to bring people and to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt during his whole life , before he or she was too old , or he would be sick and transmitted the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put together kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , but this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all this innovation , all this output and improvement ?
Because half of all that , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve already heard thousands of times , is great relation .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of self-righteousness , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , complexity and determination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee walked up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Media , the Chief Belief Minister .
Nosee initially agreed to kill innocent people , but at the same time , spending time on small trucks , she and other people started planning commissions on dozens of New York City sites , including drums , signatures and U.N.
Luckily , those plans were flattened by the FBI .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Center bomb went off .
Narrator : Finally , he is convicted of intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 by Egyptian engineers , and my beloved American mother and teacher , who were together trying to create joy for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to Islam , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in our lives .
Anyway , in every religion , in every citizen , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the tools to get others to live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of the Calton , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
When I was on vacation , my father helped me keep the vacation and explained how to treat the doctor for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , my last flashlight , caught up with a little light on top of the track , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was blown away .
My father looked at other men and said Arabic , &quot; &quot; Go for it . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that sentence , but only a few years later , I realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father had received .
These men , finally , were convicted of having 1,500 full money-laundering units to put a full money-laundering machine at the south pole of the World Trade Center , where six people died , and about 1,000 were killed .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning negative .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving cities .
Being a new face of the classroom , I always became an actor .
I would hide myself in my classrooms not to be a doctor , but as it turns out , to be a stranger in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent my time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
That &apos;s why I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
They taught me to judge people by virtue of mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life that asked this question occurred in the early 2000s .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in California .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a matter of hands — this was something that I was particularly interested in .
The members of our group were all life-cycles .
One day at the end of the conference , I found that one of the kids that I was with was a friend of mine was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friends , and honestly , I felt the pride that I had been able to win the choir that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental fact came when I found a massive amount of work in Budrus at the fun .
There , I would submit to people of different faiths and cultures , and that experience became a role in the development of my nature .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more simply , all of the values had a radical effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers throughout the market , and soon I found that most of them are the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand-sanitized child , I &apos;ve developed compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to reconcile myself to the real-life experiences that I had learned as a child .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s given to me .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had me intellectually freedom to be myself on my planet , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had been a model for me for a long time when I needed it .
The recognition often can come from unexpected places , and the fact that a hot comic strip is more positive to my world than my own parenting father , who never lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked at me with a spiritual eye that had someone who had sufficient depression for a lifetime , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
Jewish Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , although I was subject to that violence , the idea of inconvenience , but I wasn &apos;t the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terror , terror , tolerance .
I do it for the spirits of terrorism and their loved ones , terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
For the sake of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these non-meaningless acts and judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and my son is not supposed to follow the paths of his father .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Play is what they learn .
&quot; &quot; Cause &quot; &quot; is important to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re deciding .
I want to know how they hope for water supply to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumption to our ecosystem to potentially restoration .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If extraction is the ability to recognize and maintain , then rehabilitation is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity for a developing and dynamic system , and it accepts our relationship to the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and enhance its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence for drug conservation for many people is very common , they &apos;re smart tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , buy your shoes , stay away from the commodity , think again before you buy the shoes .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat green ink .
We can &apos;t do it continuously , if we measure the success of this by changing the frequency of the species including in the brain and in the red .
But what if we just eat the vegetables ?
Here &apos;s a typeface of the thunnus albatross , a non-dangerous type of thunder .
A card which was stolen and unfortunately stolen .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the goal , the main nightmare .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I call it a 450 pound diameter ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , everything we do .
For example , I &apos;ve heard the red wine is very healthy , the insecticides and miners are very healthy .
That &apos;s great . I love red cheese .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times will you tell me I have a problem ?
By the way , we have a problem of predictability .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is that we &apos;re hiding that value under the algae .
We hide that value by receiving the victim from the victim .
And we store that value under the income of vaccines .
So the notion of resurrection is that it matters what we need .
The biggest number can be presented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by Google , but by Goly Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new cake .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to tell you that the protocell of the broccoli can think of a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them , of course .
But we also have to eat it with lots of minerals .
The best part of the surveillance feature is that it comes in half a chick , with a set of Tobias and a set of centimeters .
It &apos;s added to a 142-gram template , filled with Dijon and a spine filled with stainless steel wool and quinoa filled with colleagues so thick and bolt , a slightly overwhelmed theme of Egyptian broccoli .
Hello .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing about it is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallet .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America since we currently eat .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save our oceans from eating .
Here &apos;s an example .
Move out medical equipment . We need to fear bullets .
We dismissed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we create by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time for us to change our expectations about food .
Happiness is something , but skin is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walkers are the leading revolution in green food .
But green food always assumes a shelter that worries the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our heads .
There &apos;s a little environmental terrorist .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground office designed to eat an environment .
That &apos;s not possible .
Healthy lunch for the heart is very important in sustainable food .
Before we lower public policies , media is about increasing the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to one more child if we include more .
That &apos;s the part that I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our landscapes .
As a high-tech cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize cutting emissions .
One of two things is going to change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less suspicious .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They became healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has also been shown in the building of human currency .
The other thing we did was we started producing various types of demonstrations — little Japanese sandwiches , the strangers , the beginning , the hard stuff .
The bridge , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common species of allegiances .
We direct the doors towards more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in these major nightmares , these kind of patterns , the green wish that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , there it is .
Start with the size of a 250-pound fish .
Take the class . Take the fish four .
Put them in four corners .
Take those four marshmallows and then open up the best marshmallow you have , drink the marshmallow and drink .
Give it a chance to eat .
Give your friends and neighbors and twice as old as possible .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think making components , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were included in full supply chain competition , and they were discussed with lots of prisoners and a little bit of steel , usually with brine .
And so far I &apos;ve been eating this way .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a meeting restaurant .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a cloud of protein .
It &apos;s crazy .
But the scariest news you &apos;ll hear about our ocean conditions , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that the great deal is probably the best time your mother was right .
Three prisons .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For artificial intelligence , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , slow things that I don &apos;t think will change .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come out of my own personal story .
And for the community , we start from scratch .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about how that effect works and then take the first step to cut it .
We see a picture of our blue planet , our global bench .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to start sharing the rest , we &apos;re going to start screaming , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We need to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small pores of vegetables .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my conductor &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singer . &quot; &quot; Song .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 46664 foundation of Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Dutch carried when Robbie was incarcerated .
Here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most terrifying moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come together , to the Dutch , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global month sitting next to his previous prison camp .
Here you see the window plays there .
That was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Manju was introduced to the world that there was real pain in in her country , that there were thousands of people killed every single day in this poll station , and that the gulf post was larger than anyone — women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left Sub-Saharan Africa , and I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the afternoon , I went on to attend every 464 organizations that I had to be present to , and I saw monolithic courses , interviews , most of the time using the audiences as a musician , to address all of my affection and the disability that Mandela has produced for his work .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everyone in the world is adding Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;ll just collapse .
I was very , very lucky , two years later , to meet Asma , which is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of an incredible place and activist .
I met him at one of the 464 papers .
He was wearing this kind of spectrum that I &apos;m wearing now .
It &apos;s already a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conversation with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this subject is kind of like a mess , I &apos;m wearing it , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away from the stage . I became the head of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a trade designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live on the ground .
They have educational programs .
They have questions with respect to the mystery debate .
The act of doing it is really quite violent .
And yes , my Silk Canyon supports the Treatment Action Campaign by which I try to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also collect money for the past .
Most of the funding that I got was instantly traveled to the Treatment Action Campaign and donated to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and continuing to do in South Africa .
So this is my nine ticket .
In the Silk Carton , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Okolloh , Norway , getting a loan . And here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to essentially race a whiteboard , an average South African audience , who finally started relief , because I &apos;m using films of mine that really defies the heart of this terrible differentiation and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re inspired , and they really don &apos;t know what the solutions
Southern Malawi , the head of current health , was also present in this system , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly inclined to make reforms in that area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the poster child of HIV in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and again I was trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my daughter at Edinburgh with the children of the great African National Church , who I &apos;m just protecting .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re already pregnant because their parents are HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidwave , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great privilege that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a UNAIDS target for HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my talk to strengthen my surroundings .
The fact that UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively reveal the prevalence of HIV / AIDS from mothers to 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved with the support of political tools .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is HIV-positive , and we beat , because we are both very confident , because we believe that this young woman is going to get treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can care about the child who is going to get the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing mother transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
This is what we need to do with AIDS .
Now I just want to finish by telling you a little story about Achilles .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been displaced by HIV / AIDS .
Achilles &apos;s mother was HIV-infected . She died of AIDS .
Achilles was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
This picture is her seven-year-old , not more than one year-old .
In that span of his life , he had already noticed the prevalence of AIDS , and he was also suffering from seizures .
We met her in one of the Eastern Hospital hospitals , and we spent a full quarter of her , just a tiny child .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see it .
They built a special food restaurant for the girl , and they followed and they loved her .
And when we got to the hospital , we didn &apos;t know whether he was going to win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional meeting that left us unhealthy , this child , you know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Alia again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This extension of victims is actually for doctors and doctors at the hospital who have been inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to encourage each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get food and effective health care , and you believe that in the United States of America , in particular in the fifth and fifth quarters , which all governments in the world will have to do automatically : Would you mind to take care of it ?
I think it &apos;s fair to say that almost everybody in this audience stands up .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go a step back from reality , and it allows you today to do everything that science is going to be doing .
As a biomolecule , I &apos;m combining the elements of anger and science so that you can feel yourself in the technological future .
You &apos;ve all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see comes in with information : information , gestures , buildings , maybe one day , and even in the street , the pastors you &apos;ve seen .
This is my mental cubicle .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you slice the brain of the hip .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here we go . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section , and start .
( Music ) Narrator : The machine is ready . The pieces are transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , I would say it &apos;s made up of four different marks : love , green , gold and gold .
Games are one of the biggest producers of all time that have been edited .
Now , some people think four marks represent four meanings a year .
E : Wool , wool , wool , wool and — Voice : My favorite meaning is noise . MT : Yes , oink .
Death is like magic . It &apos;s like a temperature rise when the heat turns into glamour , water — vanishes , and everything disappears .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single player represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the processing , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the strongest motivators of compassion .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun shining through the night and the reversal of the evening .
Voice : Mobile , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And what &apos;s the request that the toy has 52 tickets , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Stop . ( Claps ) Voice : Stop , it &apos;s not real .
MT : By the way , in my sixth birthday , I got my first birthday prescription , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world — gratefully among boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters — ( Applause ) All right . Who are they ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s the trick .
Thank you .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you kidding me ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joshua . I &apos;m advocating my audience .
MT : Go ahead . Go ahead . Hey , come on . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered ; MTT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be grown ? Would it be nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people will say growth is the operation of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Indeed , in German , it sounds like &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you play with a professional player , which is how you break the cards by hand .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? That &apos;s good .
That &apos;s the probability of 4165 to one .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my citizens are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream has come true . MT : And so I get to the latest and most important player , the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not important to operate , so no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-day challenge .
This is part of the everyday job of making lasers .
I &apos;ve never been that great .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were high , and I was fortunate enough to find students — the lives of residents , youth and street parties .
I was actually very nervous , unsafe and totally fearful of people feared , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking when it started singing my thoughts , playing with my husband , just like I had before , when I suddenly heard a voice saying , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and purity of the visibility was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks and a third time reproducing everything that I was doing .
&quot; He &apos;s going to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t that different , and even after a while , oddly enough and hopefully enough , although I noticed that the sound wave was changing and that it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for example , if I was published and had to hide what I was doing frequently , being able to hide my emotions , then the sound was getting worse .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told the doctor at the university .
And frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a graduate student who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a conference with the psychiatrist , who was very late , said , &quot; &quot; Hi , my doctor , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
First of all , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , I was diagnosed with a huge amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my movies .
But being able to perceive that sound as not as an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more powerful to address it .
At that time , it was essentially present to me in accepting a common practice of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war , and it caused a lot of the sounds that were going to become tempting and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , a battle of fear , hatred , insecurity and uncomprehension began , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to achieve peace and wisdom .
Two years later , the survey was clear .
So far I &apos;ve had a whole performance repertoire : awful sounds , unstupid videos , odd and common products .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that someone had died at that time , until another person had saved .
A crowded and crazy man started that journey , but that man who had come would have been saved and ended up becoming the embodiment of being lucky .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories become poor and poor , compared to the memories that I used .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the wind comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four minutes is not enough to count on all the beauty and wrongful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that feeling alone .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning because the sounds were so ambitious and so consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn how to develop a metaphorical meaning that I used to describe as a literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned how to negotiate my own notion of fear and insecurity as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sounds that I truly believe .
That &apos;s what I was feeling at the moment : &quot; Find out . &quot;
Do you know that I have plastic ice cream ? &quot; &quot; My war .
And by measuring this , I was recently collecting details of my stored self , by every sound that was stated by every factor , I was statistically challenged by psychiatric therapy again from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indonesia to be part of the international organizational movement of people listening to you , a company that had its idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandy Earers , who perceived the dream of listening to sounds in the normal circumstances of survival , not beyond the mainstream of survival , but rather the one that needs to take advantage of
This kind of society is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way to evolve .
In other words , social change happens , and it &apos;s terrible .
You can &apos;t order a person who is proud .
I can &apos;t tell the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created 26 countries across five continents , working together to deal with dignity , unification and law enforcement as people with a new language and hope to create an unparalleled belief and power .
As Peter Levine put it , the human body is made up of essential qualities to treat , and this basic ability to utilize this flexible ability .
In this way , there is no greater good for society than to enable that process of treating the patient — to witness , to unlock the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for healthcare .
We are a soldier . We are invariable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time , a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry , or whatever they told you .
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a picture ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I received my first digital photograph at the age of 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to paint , but it was a little bit different , because in the process of doing the photo array , the process is more prototypical .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you drop the ball .
And for me , photography is more about being in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something that was different where the process starts when you break the bottle .
Here are pictures like this : road pricing .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both stones and colors , but they all have a common goal to preserve part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean reality .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really draw , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were somehow possible to photograph .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the possibility .
And this has come up with more ideas than just a moment .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , the colors are the main ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a kind of a pixel of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to get an alternative reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something else that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process with photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photographs are more real , I think , than we even think , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put pictures together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get us to the reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is , you have to have the same images .
Secondly , the combined photos have to have the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where it starts and ends with images , but make them without compromise .
You have to discover any idea about image making .
By comparing colors , concentration and light between the boundaries of different images , by adding the photo details , such as darkness , by adding colors and increasing numbers , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same image , although the image can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) You can see that this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case , you &apos;re not supposed to be thinking about ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of scale , I knew that I had months to prepare to find various places to get this photo .
For example , this fish was shot in fisheries .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
Some of George &apos;s portion was taken in a courtyard .
And one of the things I did was , I turned a little red so it looked more urban .
To really get a result , it &apos;s all about planning .
I &apos;m always starting from ecstasy , from idea .
And then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be pretty beautiful and at the same time real .
So here we are , and the only thing that limits our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Julian , brand .
It turns out that Wikipedia , your little girl , in the past few years , has published much more sophisticated documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange . Yeah , could that be true ?
Isn &apos;t it that the media in the world are doing so bad that a small group of activists can share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey does ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people line up documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we only use the highest secret in the Internet to send all the subjects around the Internet , to cover backs , to go through various rights like Sweden and Bosnia to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it in a simple gesture , we get it in a simple media organization , we set it up , we set it up , sometimes it &apos;s very difficult , when you talk about a vast amount of information , we rely on it and we protect ourselves from uninevitable legal and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that papers are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any vault , then that information will soon disappear .
( Video ) Narrator : Thank you .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code of the Ted Party is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago from you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Chris Anderson .
This was a secret sauce from the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Award , about 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kiva ran into power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to clean up Kenya from Corruption , they invited this conversation , they spent about two million pounds on a conversation that was going on .
And then the government behind it and used it as a political solution to May , who was the wealthiest man , and now is the wealthiest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of quantum journalism .
So I went there in 2007 and we were able to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we submitted that conversation , it was three days after the fact that a new project , Kiva , a new project , was deciding to interact with the person who came out to dinner with Daniel Karachi Muti , and this conversation was passionately attended to the project of Kiribati .
BG : And in a nutshell , Kenya &apos;s talk was not about the mundane media , but rather indirectional , and you think this is really a zero-sum game .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headquarters , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya , in Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , within two days , became the reason that the mother of Kenya was speaking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the polling station changed by 10 percent based on a genetic test , and changed the result of selection .
CA : All right , so the information that you &apos;re talking about has changed the world dramatically ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful sound , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a kiss for their house .
I see your object , well , there &apos;s about four cords in the way — ah , friend .
Man is free . Well done .
They told me when they were going . Look at me .
Go ahead .
Well , no , no .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
Hurricane — Okapi Faunal Reserve , Okapi Faunal Reserve .
We have to move , now .
Well , we were involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still breathing .
Rogers . I bought them .
One-six , this is two-by-five , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kick . Okay , there we go . I hide them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Last but not least , we sent two psychologists to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , right ? That seems like two Ruters .
JA : There you go . Two rollers , two little kids .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And this explanation has become a source of excitement .
What was the real reason for fear ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see men walking down the street , and there &apos;s a 30 million cubic feet of April in the air , and they &apos;re pouring a canvas onto everybody , and they &apos;re finding a canvas to do it , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not accountable , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the U.S. , brandley Manning , who &apos;s collapsed , and it turns out that he &apos;s been tested in conversation about this video , and also about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Right ?
JA : Well , we were betting that we got these calls .
She was recruited about five days ago to receive 150,000 television sets and ship 50 .
We started this year on a phone from the U.S. Department of Rice , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The myth is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you were to get the U.S. Digital Challenger a thousand ?
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of Arab governments really looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is the sequencing of secrets ?
JA : Well , the question is , what information in the world is important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When organizations spend an economic amount of money to store information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that data gets uploaded , there &apos;s some hope that it &apos;s going to be a good thing , because the organizations that are best known about it , the villagers know it , they spend jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to individuals who are involved or , really , for the vast majority of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
That is , we have policies of uncertainty .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love : you know , for example , your data after your doctor — it &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that make the foundations good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve described something that someone has had a particularly hard time reporting .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the possibility — it leaves the possibility , among millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it doesn &apos;t . My body won &apos;t . How do you do it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perception is not going to change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for that , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to enlighten what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret for yourself to get out of your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be a telescope of other sources .
If they come out , it &apos;s going to be a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act in a way that people are morally inclined to pursue our blindness , not to waste it .
CA : I &apos;d really like to know , based only on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing the belief of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the hero of the client who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : That &apos;s nice , Julian , brilliant chicken .
They have to try a little bit . They have another example of a house .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re doing it .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a dawn , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a number of attacks took place in Albania , like the outbreak of the Mexico State , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which basically said that security workers from some issues , fire companies , were actually putting foreigners in there and pushing them out .
And that part of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
And therefore we were a little bit confused by thinking that perhaps some crazy company was trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we also said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are .
Can you show that you had legal rights on that paper ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this recipe where the boy &apos;s name was written in the Ministry Ward .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have happened a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods in order to control any material , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : All right . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of great privilege and hard scientific efforts .
And that &apos;s why most of our presentations , over the past few months , have become less aware , because we are rewarding systems for social interest that we have .
That &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of growing new organization , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting huge amounts of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mainly a reader and a reader ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very rapidly , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and therefore we have to reconfigure the people who are going to be dealing with the highest national security materials and afterwards with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how this thing started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Right ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two bullets ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is a component of the evolution of pheromones .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , you were also an early age with power and an early power .
JA : Well , I was a writer .
You know , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
To do that , it has to be intimate with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by the rice matrix to get your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying for a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you harness them to some extent , and perhaps some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t create guns ; they feed them guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and another embrace , from older people who have lived in my life .
CA : And by the way , how many people in the world do they actually want to create ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , so food is not my kind of thing , but another way — there &apos;s another way to eat potatoes , which is to control crime .
And it &apos;s something that has been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute we were asked , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very similar to Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country it was the biggest one .
Her bank account was the percentage of its own economy in GDP .
Anyway , we have this conversation in Hollywood last year .
And National television was commissioned to stop it five minutes before it was released , and as in the movie , the reader appeared on the news , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the website at the time as a sanitary pad , and we became very popular in Iceland , we went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political leaders in Iceland and other international law enforcement experts , we set up a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an official landscape for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world and the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that , Norway , they can use the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Icelandic priest .
CA : There you go .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secrets , or will we watch the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure that &apos;s the end of the story .
So there &apos;s a huge gap between the U.S. and China and the U.S.
What side to grow ? That &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only through a little effort that we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , by saying , Julian , was tough and strengthening to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I introduced this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting conclusions and stories with 17 interesting polls in cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clear on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve gotten a great education , I &apos;m not alone , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an artist through more accessible new information .
So we came up with a great team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these light bulbs there .
Here &apos;s the weather jacket , the contemporary art gate , the Renaissance , Rich and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis .
There are two ways to be left : very hard .
Come on , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico . It doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in the fall , you can fall .
Would you like to circle around ?
Open the hardware and bring it in .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the journey .
Go ahead and see the pictures .
Listen .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still didn &apos;t get the best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most paintings , the Pete Brigley collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the powder gave us that picture , you can cheat on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all meaningful information .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve put into our prison with cognitive technology .
So these images , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , there &apos;s about 10 billion missiles .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion flexible straight .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This boy is coming out a lot , his face is innocent .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; And I looked at the picture and I noticed that these kids thought something was going on .
So I did a little research , and I spoke to some of my cousins at MIT , and I found that this is a game called a chess game , where kids dress up in a log cabin on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you from a distance , so you can see how much they actually got there .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features , the night of the Gold Rush , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to see the corners of the fish ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this .
We sort of embed the images .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m really going to go into detail .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Transit .
Every one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can create your own online record , your own collection of images .
It &apos;s very cool , you know , inside of us , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow the image , you can change the size of the picture .
This is from the Hippocrates .
You can make records and send back to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the military .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
That was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we shortly translate the works of art to the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the attempt to go to the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It &apos;s just a matter of watching games .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write pages , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and some of the supernatural things that water is called .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the surroundings . In my talk , you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Sarasburg , a French family .
And after a while my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a global , time-consuming , married woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual to me , but with more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was fortunate enough to watch a firefight and get horrible images from a mold , not to break her eyes .
A lot of my grandmother would come to visit with heavy gunshots , people or knives .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would take a red tomato and drink it with a blood sugar as much as they wanted to take away from the skin .
And then he would put one more of those files into a flat sheet .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is , all the people who are advising my grandmother with a mental disorder , I &apos;ve never seen a challenge .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of shame ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to disrupt anything in your life , whether it &apos;s bastards , whether it &apos;s adulthood , whether it &apos;s human spirit , you have to surround it
And it &apos;s going to be four from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and culture .
Yes , we all do .
We &apos;re all born into a given family , a certain nation and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the natural world that we were left with , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our survival would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our appearances .
And one of the other things that my grandmother does in Turkey is they burn the elephants on a piece of paper , or they burn the wall so they can take the picture off the wall .
It &apos;s an old-fashioned tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy for spending a lot of time afterwards .
Through the printing press , people like this , who live in communities , are facing the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the favelas and the conservatives , the geologists and the creditors , the rich and poor , in the East and in the Americas .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the appearance and then reinforce people about other planets .
I think all you have to do is to beat this cultural mythology by the art of reaction .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through that discovery , we can actually navigate other areas and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and said , &quot; &quot; Do you want to have a traffic jam ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories of the house , which was perfectly good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was really bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful minds and asking for energy from objects when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a tremendous event , and the last thing I wanted to write about was myself .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life to write stories .
The reaction to me was a self-organizing prospect , rather than a transition to other lives , but a potential .
I &apos;m going to suggest you do a little bit of a task : I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and put it down a little bit .
Go to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , wealthy , middle class wealth that my grandmother lived in , to this wonderful , international school that I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Little Prince . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various tasks , and yet this diversity did not result in our classrooms , equivalent to public policy .
Instead , it created a method where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative of a large thing .
We were a little bit like the U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the extraneous moments that happened to the people who had a dignity or a belief .
This kid , or this kid , often became an object of forgiveness and a war .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was pleased with this school , there was a war crime in my country , with a few minority of a man who was fighting for my nation , there was very little left to the murders of Rome Pei and the Syrian war in Europe .
( Laughter ) That day , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other children would ask me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Spring , and they were interested in how nowadays I &apos;m losing a symbol because they thought all the shoes were the lifeblows , and they were surprised that I had to start branching my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three discussions about my country — politics , politics , policy makers and leaders .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apain again .
I always felt like my survival was the only thing I could move with me .
Stories took me to be centered , to be continuous and to be successful — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Starbucl , which is a town I keep .
I lived in a lot of bizarre , crowd-sourcing environments , where I wrote some of my papers .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw this kind of show that got me going .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sells a snake from the soul , never spoke to the womb .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had gone for a long and long time to collect and dig wells and dig wells in the background of his father .
I saw this man opened the door of the sandwich and he surrounded himself with these images of the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the conservative soul and the transistor lying on the theme together .
Death and destruction allow our national differences and we all become united , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have that kind of impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earth , but by reading well , we leave our little , wealthy wildlife and we leave ourselves alone in the nightstand and start dating people we &apos;ve never met before or perhaps have deliberately been .
Not long after that , I started a women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not like world change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not a fan , not a carpenter . &quot; &quot; And she asked me , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ? &quot; &quot; And by changing languages , I get an opportunity to repair myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and very emotional , and I love to write in English , which for me is very mathematical and biological .
I feel a different kind of connection with two languages .
To me , English , like the rest of the billions of people in this world , is a common language .
When you start in a language , you end up living an incredible and incredible condition .
Because we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great deal of thought and language .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston , and it &apos;s very exciting .
At that time , my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , grew insecurity , began to incorporate into her victims that I would soon marry , so I would be able to go to a place , and always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going to a place , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Samuel , I &apos;ve begun to translate life into Arizona and Sumbo . These two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been either physically or mentally .
Stories constantly conduct me , keeping all my parts and memories together , and they act like an existential slum .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story sees more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight from a writing editor .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and there &apos;s only one way , and there &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were , to me , that the English characters had to be more than the wolves , but I realized what my boss was looking for .
As I realized , I was going to keep upset him .
He wanted to see my self-worth .
In the book , he was looking for a woman , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how the politics of self-hood affects how stories spread and spread and retrieve .
A lot of boys feel that pressure , but the non-Arctic guys feel that more .
If you &apos;re a woman writer , like me , in the media world , you expect to write stories about deadly women , and preferably difficult stories about deadly women .
You expect to write messages , skins and patterns , and surround yourself with your interactive friends .
What I experienced as a child at the University of Maddie is now in the physical world .
People don &apos;t think of themselves as being an independent creative person , but they think of themselves as representatives of their culture — a few authors from China , a few in Turkey , a few in Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special if not normal .
In one of my researchers in 1984 , James Bloody asked many questions about comparison .
When the journalist was trying to impose the fact that he was a gay writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? I have nothing in me except for myself , and there is nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination tries to put assets on us , it puts our freedom of speech at risk .
There &apos;s a theory called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I never forget my first multicultural proceeding 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the informal , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art form or literature .
We had collected our characters .
A lot of cultural boys are expecting them to write real stories , not very controversial .
The function of the sequence is replicated .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the characters who are frustrated so they can become great representatives .
But I also have to admit that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 , when they stood up to give me the answer to what my favorite characters said before the court .
They were expecting me to write a link between the constructive , the multinational , and the family members of the woman &apos;s eyes .
My story also mattered when they tracked me .
Some criticized me , others highly reported to write about post-conflict .
Sometimes there was a willingness to welcome both sides to remind me that it &apos;s just a jury .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to simplify my work .
I want to love and expand the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it is .
The funders are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics every day .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the authority takes responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unites us . The statement unites us .
One is the inevitable condition .
The other is details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of dark desires .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Okapi Faunal Resolution , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They would go to the grocery store , they would tell the stories to the individuals , often by destroying those stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice , by identifying that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even soda , dead people , not dead people .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Netherlands , that were very spread across the United States , in North Africa , in Balkans and in Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to push back limits .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian peoples are still reading books , and they &apos;re reading books together , and they &apos;re reading the story .
Science brings us to the table .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books protected the Internet , the girl I used to be .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rome had met his spiritual leader — from Shanghai Theresa , the first thing he did was he had found Rumi &apos;s books in the water watching the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural ethos is not consistent with knowledge . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know it , but knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side show .
The leg of the leg is continuous ; it &apos;s locked there .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
Part of it is surrounded by widespread hostile organisms in Stambo , and part of it is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
In February , there &apos;s a place called the Jain Association .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
We &apos;re usually unconfident about things like silver lining .
We think of them as poor supernatural creatures like water , which is like waste , and drinking water .
But more of these prisoners feel the writers and the painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I probably write a story about a woman who was dying of media , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and another book I &apos;ll probably write about a compelling , comparative innovative journalist .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; And I think that &apos;s the great paradigm shift .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Western literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who shape their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easy for every life , whether we love and love , God , the country won &apos;t survive . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGowan . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on an active issue in Asia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build longer social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His job is dirty . He &apos;s looking at why people are .
But of course , this is not an optimal situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before the control of games , we had the colors of the guns .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
This is truly amazing .
So 18 years later , the president decided that he had to play the last game .
We want to imagine a teaching curriculum , and then we want to give people a teaching curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive data on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , comprehension of knowledge , resilience , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea that can go down the road for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is color .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five images on my right eye .
And I started my own personal journey to examine the wine .
And during that time , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that it &apos;s more effective , more stimulated , and more happy lives .
( Applause ) And we , women , have to be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to go up with the height .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s resistance has become a natural enemy .
I was having lunch with a kid who was checked for just four hours last night .
I just wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to drink for five hours , this coffee might be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of coffee to show you its own benefit .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the foreman , and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is clear , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get a race of thumb , I &apos;m going to have two opera singers and I &apos;m going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and effective , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the subject before it falls to Titanic .
And our Tunisian friends got too close .
I feel so much that if the Leymah Bank ran the Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , the sister would probably notice the sign , because she would walk for about seven and eight hours and see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve come across multiple journeys all over the world , and it &apos;s something that &apos;s helpful for us personally , that more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and help the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about the relationship of imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , although for centuries it had the same function .
Today , I use that material to create the highest residential , scalable , scalable structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied crime or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I got a seven diary art school , and everybody was upset .
I chose to be a painter , and I was painting for 10 years when I got the opportunity to go to India with the Fulbright project .
By creating artisanal demonstrations , I set up internal , and I set up my own marriage .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
We had to do something .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
And I got out to the corner and started to see how the fishes connected and designed the nets .
I &apos;ve seen it every day , but this time I &apos;ve seen it a different way , as a new approach to creating a canopy , as a way of creating a canopy with no greater material .
The first stage that really surprised me was with these guys .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horses . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture , we put the Web up on top of the shelves .
What we found was that the high-rise buildings everywhere make images constantly changing .
I was married .
I used to study entrepreneurship and collaborate with authorities , and also in Lithuania , with educators .
I loved it as the details that I got , but I wanted to create more bigger things , to transform the category that you &apos;re looking at , something that you can lose .
Go back to India after the fishermen jobed , we built a mobile network , a million and a half connections , and in short order , we gave the show to Middle .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel SalaMarsales , who renewed the segment of Portugal .
He asked if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by preserving my art .
With frugal solutions , mathematical solutions , those properties were in the mix with the standard subject .
I spent two years looking for details that would result in electromagnetic radiation in the Sun , the dirt of the air and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so hot that it would escape from waste .
We needed something that kept the network at the center of the cloud .
So we drilled a 20-ton wall .
We had to make an engineering solution that the staircase moves from a subject to a grape to a character .
But there was no computational program that could model objectively and move material .
I found a pastry scientist in Haiti who &apos;s designing tools for the American Portrait quarries . His name is Peter Happiness .
He helped me solve two supervillains : provide the right shape and purpose .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it in my own way , because the hand axes didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a market manufacturer , threw them out of the battlefield and figured out how to fix them .
There was no language of software that would transform the manufacturing of the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , the average network was 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , settled , and at that time nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and unbelievable spectrum .
Now it was a perceived space .
I think of it for the first time .
And while I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown land .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce two new directions to my work .
This is a citizen of historic Philadelphia , and I felt that for this subject to create this subject , the subject had to be more subtle than the Web .
So what we &apos;ve been trying to do is to get a lot of the water that &apos;s dissolved , and we &apos;ve also found that , in the process , people can also interact with this material and go through without leaving .
And I use this metropolitan material to image the retail of the retail of the retail of the subway , at the moment of the process , as if it were the retina &apos;s living system .
The next challenge was the Library of Switzerland and South America , and they asked me if I could imagine 35 Western Icelandic countries and how they connected with the land .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yeah .
In Chile , the recent earthquake and summary that occurred in Chile has been analyzing the entire Pacific Ocean .
It has moved the tectonic hills of the earth to accelerate the dust of the planet and literally increase the surface area .
I hooked up with NOAA , asked for the sensory data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t make it into a wall star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a thick sheet of paper that was 15 times the wall .
The crowd is now fully dressed and so thoroughly that it can break into the building , become part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and patterns were embedded .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to come up with this idea of associating Thomas Super or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build classrooms that reach the top of the landscape .
Although many cities are still not funding , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need more .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , scalable ways .
Now I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering techniques to create materials , molds , ways that reach the height of buildings .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from one of my friends in finance .
In law school , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and say , &quot; &quot; Put yourself under the table .
These people who had post-traumatic policies were now confused by their strangers , watching the creation , the shape-shifting images and analyzing the wonder .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexuality , we are totally hopeful .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our sensory systems at the same time , is embedded in this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the present self , and how it can feel and listen .
I &apos;m an energy , I &apos;m connected to all the energy around me , I &apos;m aware of my right hand .
And right now we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is different .
Our left-hand column thinks of the ruler and the metaphor .
And our left brain is thinking with language .
And all I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
