By the time you get to the age of about a billion people on this planet , social networks will be activated .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound effects , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And so what made me think about this is , at the beginning of this year , this blog by Dr. Millin was a professor of science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; There I am , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself , when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would literally write this message to me , and this activist site would be profound . &quot; &quot; Because Miller was a journalist , his head was probably well-written and more carefully designed , but in fact , all of us create a force that was very different from the previous one .
Take a moment of statistics .
Now , YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video every minute .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So if you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;d better be creating some kind of postcards and economic videos , or an agenda stuck in a box .
And today , we all create this incredible rich digital trap that will always stay in the cloud , many years after we die .
And I think for technology it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technology , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what existence and future look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and social media reports after we die .
One of them found me quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Murray : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) E : A little bit shocking , right ?
It allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones online , places for exhibition , for broadcast videos , photographs and stories that can be stored after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Deep Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic news .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and to organize large amounts of data is increasing , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of simplicity , numbers , photographs , blogs — that we create with so many .
And I think some time later , our digital identities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , because of all the content that we create , and because of technology , we have the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter updates , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the outcome can be thorny .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technology skills .
Step forward , Massachusetts &apos; media lab works on robots that communicate as people .
But what if these robots can communicate to the characteristics of a certain species , based on the characteristics of hundreds of thousands of pieces that man is creating in his lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , in the United States , when CNN gave a Happy Birth.M. column to their studio , interviewing Anthony Coupe .
What if we could use this kind of technology to express the presence of our loved ones in our rooms that are actually communicating in a very similar way , based on all the content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s possible because the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are spreading very rapidly .
Now , to cut a long story short , let me say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in space technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
Look carefully at Kurdistan .
This is a short video of everything we do .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll let the video go . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to her .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be reminded as a generation of the Internet that created something that is truly and authentic .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems — very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , and this is the first virus on the computer .
And as you keep on doing that , the mysterious line is going to fall , and it &apos;s going to be picked up here by 0600KO78RUS .
It &apos;s not being used any way .
Study it by trying to understand the meaning .
Basically , I went to Google .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , Russia is Russia . And 78 is the city of Santa March .
Political code : You can find this on certain phone calls , machines .
The number of petrol stations and so on . I tried to hook it up at Stanford .
And we finally discovered this WEB site , and this guy , who worked for many years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he lives .
In part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
This guy &apos;s actually moving .
Mercedes-Benz is a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 moves . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He had broken the car into another car , and he had posted photos of his blog .
Here &apos;s his Moses — there &apos;s Ladies Somara , who &apos;s been blessed . You can see him , the Chief Justice of Spain .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
That &apos;s the National Secretary of Marcy : 0600K O78RUS . Now I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had stopped . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had stopped ? In many cases , the crime had not come so far .
Even in the majority of labels .
We don &apos;t know where crimes come from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I &apos;d like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
And that &apos;s what happened . That &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
PLCs , small boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They actually manage one of these . And if Stuxnet is infected , one of them is infected .
There &apos;s a global revolution , a risk-taking revolution that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in exile .
From the Internet , for example , electricity , we obviously depend on computers . And this really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to go , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
So the equipment assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually incredibly important .
Think about sustainability , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if you &apos;re mad .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;ll tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;ve got a danger to lose everything . We &apos;ve got to do it all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need to be more global .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of identifying network crimes — these organized groups that are eating millions of cases — that are more important than official .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the stands , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the people who are intelligent .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this idea that you only need to change your body in two minutes .
But before that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s over . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the subjects that are going on in the intersection , the inexorable spots , the worldwide patterns , or the sudden patterns , all the way down to the simple pattern .
Singapore . There they go .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , which is what we call non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about communication .
There are enough principles to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and mistakes .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions in life — things like picking up a job or stepping up , or giving time .
For instance , Nelny Aamabad , a Tupperware University researcher , found that when people were looking for 30 seconds at a time when they were looking at the true interaction of a doctor and a patient , their doctor &apos;s love would be cut off from their commitment to the doctor &apos;s love , so no .
So you have to use them intelligently , right ?
It &apos;s all about our thoughts , our emotions and our bodies .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-skill business school , and it was inevitable that I would start to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was especially interested in the non-zero-sum notions of power and authority .
How do you think power and generosity are the unfulfilled resources of incentives ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically great medium .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessica Theresa has explored this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
It &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s not even wishing us up .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our face is strength and self-confidence , we , no matter how far we will go .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They operate in almost two places .
Whereas others are struggling to step inside , and once the audience comes in , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less attuned to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for business management , because value is very limited by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
I started branching , so for example , university uses these people who participate in classrooms .
There are beliefs to be , yes .
For example , we hate when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pay attention to the script like this , we get a little more fun .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that interests us is , we know that our consciousness causes us to change the shape of the body , but can we change the shape of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are the different forces and the sounds different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more self-confident , more self-confident , better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be an outcome , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indirectly , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You fall , you fall .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happened . They &apos;re walking in .
So here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already there .
And here &apos;s what happened to the corruption .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use that way , when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no face exposure , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is it .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no concept of the hypothesis or the conditions of experiment .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It was important just how people presented themselves .
And that &apos;s exactly what the poll did .
I give them the pleasure to shape as long as it &apos;s done .
The answer is , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a bug .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I got out of the car several times .
The artery came from the brain region in the repair region .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was exhausted from college ; I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-organizing .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to school for five years .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did have that feeling , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about until you get there .
Imagine that long before we become what you want .
Do it so long before it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small changes can lead to big changes .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Make your mind focused .
Make your stratosphere higher , lower your cortisol level .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s largest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extroverts , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the big problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people are out of drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem solves the problem first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve identified the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read a little bit about them : climate change , aging disease , conflict , conflict , finance , government , corruption , border and border , population integration , social conditions and water , and subatomic and mortgage .
We think taxes include the world &apos;s worst problems .
First of all , the obvious question becomes , what do you think is most important ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true that people have to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What matters is not the super-linear solution , but the super-linear solution .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change is going to be solved by the Kyoto report .
An infectious disease must be solved by the networks of hospitals and mosquitoes .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try it in 30 seconds — I know it &apos;s kind of impossible to write down what you think about a major superpower .
And also — here &apos;s the economic bubble up there — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be at the end of the show ?
Please , please , talk to your neighbor for 30 seconds , and just mention that there should be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems and some of the most intractable solutions .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you enough of my time , OK ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;re going to have these discussions following , please think , how do we actually define borders ?
And of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that happened ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
And of course , every organization would like to be the first step of the show .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly clear that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental snapshot of all the important things we can do in the world and decide which to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of generosity , and of course we continue to divert the progress from a second , but in a irregular way , certainly it would be harder if we actually did it in a certain way than if we actually did it in a certain hierarchy and checked it and talked about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is that we really , for a long time , have had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the gene , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine you go to a restaurant and they give you one big fish , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you check the box , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family assignment . It can be a very small assignment , right ?
You &apos;d like to know that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do — trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is what Cooper Condor did .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in each room .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Like with infectious diseases .
Three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most popular economists , eight of the best economists in the world , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; And the Cambridge University miraculously decided to call them Rel Masjid .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work was basically a symbol of translation .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of saying what we should do first and what we should follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically encountered a display where they say there are bad programs , that is , programs where the dollar investment comes at a much lower cost .
There &apos;s an average , a good , very good program .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the things that people will say I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreement with the exhibitions you paid .
Why do they say that doing something more than Coca-Cola or something is a very bad premise , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do with this is very little and very painful .
They basically show us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citi Project , if everybody agrees to it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
In contrast to all models , it will deliver global warming by 2100 , only six years .
So a guy in Bangladesh , who &apos;s at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , at about 75 billion dollars a year , we could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very negative ?
Or perhaps with that amount of money , incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become such a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we had all the money in the world , we would have nothing to do .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only curriculum you &apos;re going to see is that I &apos;m not going to counter everything — things like infectious diseases , basic health services — despite getting a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is incredibly important .
It can do very well , but it &apos;s also very , very costly .
Again , this gives us that suddenly we &apos;re on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good programs , there &apos;s a lot of scenarios and water coming in .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you four categories that are supposed to be the world &apos;s first generation of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Court can even make a percentage of countries at risk .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can increase that by half .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the global distribution and the global warming problem .
The third is openness .
A common model , if we can get on the short-term and specifically reduce subsidy in the United States and the United States , we can give a new world economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year to an amazing number that 50 percent of the world will be headed to the developing world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very rapidly , within about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is to focus on the problem of drug discovery .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very valuable ways to solve the food problem , particularly with the micrometeorites .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffered from iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve this problem seriously .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV .
The first is treatment , second is aging .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be wondering where we put in the first generation .
And therapy is much cheaper than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more with design projects .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with x-rays and 10 times better things with prevention .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our transcendences .
I want you to look at your advertisements and say , &quot; &quot; Are you ready to do it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a problem primarily .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , just for the fact that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
The problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Shelling , one of our dreams team — is a very good shape .
People forget , 100 years later , when we talk about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help , and we can help with very little clients ?
Or as Syling said , imagine if you &apos;re rich enough to protect , say a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a Japanese , or a Congolese person , 2100 people in Congo , and you think about 2005 and say , &quot; &quot; How bizarre is it that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;ve completely ignored my grandfather or a Japanese , who
It doesn &apos;t even apply to our normal view of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t that wonderful ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I absolutely want to see it , but I &apos;m not going to anticipate that Emerry &apos;s going to pick Brad Pitt &apos;s next movie in Tanzania to attempt a snake or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not exactly what a movie is .
So I think in many ways the convention of Copenhagen and generosity issues deal with some of the problems .
So we can recognize that this is not about feeling good .
And not just to make the media landscape as important as possible , but to create a foundation for the better .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re somewhere nowhere near .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
The developing world in 1970s decided that we should spend twice as much on the developing world as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look as if we &apos;re on a road to all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be great .
But the basic idea is that , if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best of companies .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick overview : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with a desperate future , a white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English at university and speak English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could get away from the polling boundaries , and they did so , and they offered their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : in the first century , problems of obesity and disease , and climate change were at the end .
We did the same thing over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms came together and a lot of students came .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that made me really excited , really , and I can say that I think we need to go some way to start thinking about supermarkets , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start to think about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do work with big spending , not with things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make strong programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things we &apos;re doing and not doing .
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define farming and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I studied at university , and my friend and I traveled with Prussian , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and busy , so we picked the way that ranges from local angels to national businesses , and to cut a long story short , we picked the way that we could .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see along the way ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me deeply .
The first-line discussion is perfectly universal .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the signs that we see that the Chinese hergeography is represented on . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that are very similar to why we sometimes misrepresent the signals around us and how we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised that I &apos;m on a road trip to this bizarre career , but I actually have a huge advantage over having a conversation .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything to avoid thinking wrong , or at least miss thinking we can be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the event occurs to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right now , are dramatically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong about .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings now , we stand up in the present time , we vote in present time .
In fact , we all live our lives in a small bubble of our own reality .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us , as individuals , in our private and professional lives , as well as for all of us , coming together as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the belief of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in feeling our rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Audience : Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , kind of discoveries , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a smallpox farm is always on , but can never reach a bird .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the baton flies by the wall , which is normal because it &apos;s a bird and can fly .
But the warrior is running away .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At that point , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t quite figured it out yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , is that we have to stay within the consensus of our own states .
I call that the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us believe in the right situation , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks something like this .
This isn &apos;t a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know definitely what you think about the child who wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the trick in getting life to succeed is far greater than the mistakes .
We teach it very well .
And a lot of us , and I suspect a lot of us , especially in this room , have this tendency to be perfect teachers , professors , entrepreneurs .
I always say , well , headache , strategies , math .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and accountants .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , loving and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman was brought to the Institute of Medicine for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
She gets annoyed , the surgeon does his job , puts on the painting and puts the patient in her room to clean up .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in the arteries ? &quot; &quot; And she gets the wrong side of her body because the surgeon has surgered her left arm , instead .
When the health professor at the hospital gave a speech about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all often have is that trustworthy commitment to events occurring in the outside world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do devices like , for example , 750 million clean oil prints in Mexico or the deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine what justice means all the time .
That means that your beliefs are fully stereotyped .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone says they disagree , we just assume he &apos;s unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When that doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they willingly confuse it to their ultimate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it is necessary for us , which makes us do something horrible .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we &apos;re looking out of that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it is , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can think of ourselves as another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yeah , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Susan Austin , to think and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a subtle subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of times the phone call The American Life of public radio .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry .
I became a failed woman .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is actually true .
But a few months later , I was able to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested to her , and she said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every part of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this thing should happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And it does . &quot; &quot; And Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and the readers , are going to violate those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , collapsed events and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s what our life is like .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but something else is going on .
George Bush thought he would get in Iraq , find a massive understatement , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of the Egyptian will be in his lifetime until he or her age will grow older or get sick and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and raise kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world shocks us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , this conference is an incredible opportunity to find our error .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all this innovation and improvement ?
Because half of that , all the wonderful things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
I have another conference .
The subject of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a marvelous relation .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of this tiny space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee came up with a piano in Manhattan and killed Ray Moi Khan , the head of Liberia Resilience in Liberia .
NASA initially agreed to kill innocent people , but at the same time with small trucks , he and other people started planning trials in dozens of places in New York City including kidnappers , signs and NGOs .
Fortunately , those plans were inspired by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing dropped .
Nazi was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pittsburgh , 1983 , and I was born with the mother and teacher of the United States who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to the Islam side , which even a few of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people are connected to each other , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means for others to live like themselves .
A few months before his break , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were coming to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which had no idea of what our group was doing with GPS .
When my hero complained , my father helped me to save my son and explain to him how to join the Army about 30 .
That day , the last flashlight I shot , the little light on the top of the faucet , and , surprisingly enough , for me , the whole numbers broke .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My father is a father . &quot; &quot; Like a father , like a son .
They all laughed at that punch card , but only a few years later I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
This man , in the end , was going to launch 1,500 pounds of pedestrian trucks to install a minibus on the south coast of the North Atlantic , where six people died , and about 1,000 people were killed .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called marriages , meaning obedience .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that instability in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to get together and move the city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was constantly an atheist .
I would hide myself in the classroom to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a Japanese kid was more likely to be a doctor in the classroom .
So I spent a lot of time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
Because of all this , I had a mixture of social skills , and growing up in a family of a planet , I was not ready for real life .
I was taught to judge people by assuming mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College Program .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending most of my life as a storyteller , which was the subject that I was most interested in .
The members of our group were representing different aspects of life .
And at the end of one day , I found out that one of the kids I interacted with was Jewish .
It took days before that happened , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt the privilege to be able to overcome the choir that I had believed was impossible almost all my life .
Another roundabout came when I found a summer job in Budrus , entertaining .
There , I was exposed to people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a factor in the development of my nature .
I learned that balance is a nightmare , and more broadly , all the marriages had an extraordinary effect .
This topic allowed me to work with drug users for a while , and soon I realized that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I was raised to feel the symptoms of others , and it &apos;s very unusual for me to treat other people in the same way that I would like them to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the habits that I was taught as a child with an experience and an interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Clean . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stuart had me be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that race , religion or sexual assembly had nothing to do with the human condition .
He was the model for my father for a long time when I needed it .
Transparency often goes from unexpected places , and the fact that a thriving comic strike has a greater positive effect on my world than my own country &apos;s father , which has never been lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I would keep in my heart till I was alive .
He looked me in the eyes of a spiritual man who had enough depression for his entire life , and he said , &quot; It is . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to give back to my father and to start a new life .
So why do I take this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this in the hope that maybe one day , someone who &apos;s supposed to use violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by this violence , this ridiculous idea , but I was not a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , against globalization .
I do that for the warriors of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to them in their lives .
For the benefits of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these irrational activities , and I &apos;m going to judge my dad &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not separate from religion or race , and that it does not have to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagination is what they learn .
The &quot; &quot; I &quot; &quot; matter .
I want to know those who are behind my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re laughing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for the water supply to make their waste .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of fossil fuels from consumption to our ecosystem to possibly restoration .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative benefits .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The rising tips provide an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can contribute to the ocean and disseminate its position .
It &apos;s a more humble , more humble , more efficient way to understand our environment .
Drug advice , which is a standard method for many people in the world , is very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different forms of maids .
The process is very easy , go ahead and buy a bicycle , go ahead and think again before you buy a penis .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat sugars in green .
We can &apos;t keep making this progress if we measure success by changing the type of behavior that we see in yellow and blue .
But what if we ate all the ingredients in green ?
This is a typical stuffed Thunnus albatross , a non-dangerous species .
A card with a wire and a windmill .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the elephant , the main observer .
What is the subject of this food ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound diameter ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My conclusion is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
I &apos;ve heard , for example , that the red gene is very healthy , that the antioxidants and the minerals are very healthy for the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to be so busy . I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how long will you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a problem of spectrum .
We have lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay the value of it .
The problem is we hide that value under the streets .
We hide that value under the awkwardness of slavery .
And we hide that value under the income of the car .
So the restorative benefits are that it matters what we need .
The most surprising articles can be presented not by Joe , not by Philips or by Gordon , but by Gold Greenhouse .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that light is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to tell you that the chicken is a new blue .
We need to continue eating the best foods if we &apos;re eating them , of course .
But we also have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part of the surveillance feature is that it comes in half a cow , with a bunch of Tobias and Circle .
It was filled with 142 pounds of paper , filled with Dijon babies and sausages , made out of cast iron pixels and quinoa filled with colorful , soft , soft , broccoli , a little carbon dioxide and a little carbon dioxide in it with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jamii Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save the ocean since we ate .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about civilian suffering . We need to fear bullshit .
We de-linked the Earth , and then we began to use the food that we produce by challenging our life .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a mess , but the reality is that we all very well understand it .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Bharbert and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always assumes a shelter that worries the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean that we need to be careful with it in our minds .
There &apos;s a little environmentally frightening guy .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a fear of a predatory gaze scene .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
As we lower public policies , media coverage increases the use of bills .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , fathers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s a spring I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our clients .
As a quick cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to minimize the amount of carbon in the atmosphere .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less blunt .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They got healthier . I made more money .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was delivered to every aspect , but it was also delivered to the human loss at the same time .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various forms of representation — small Japanese sculptures , anthropologies , rubber , synergies .
The chef , the media , the police , the ambassadors , the Taliban , were the common species of saliva .
We &apos;re adding the skins up towards more flexibility , towards more impulsive , repetitive differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big swarms , those kind of models , the kind of green wish that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the meal . Take the fish four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples to the prison camp and then open up the best kitchen you have , the five apples and the thumb .
Give it a chance to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and do it again once a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food stamps .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
My dad was a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They had whole grain of protein and a whole bunch of pollen grains and a little bit of pollen , usually a rice .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a gas station .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a spectrum .
Amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about and that you &apos;ve heard about the condition of our oceans is that the heavy burden of saying it to you , perhaps the worst thing is , all this time that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For an artificial intelligence , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and slow things that I don &apos;t think I &apos;ll slow down .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for composters that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start with the most exceptional .
This idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start screaming , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We &apos;ve got to eat little pesticides .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , Singer , invented a cartoon .
In November , 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robbins were arrested .
Here I am with Jesus Anderson , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbins to come together in Mandela , where he was going to pass the computer over the world , standing next to his old battalion chamber .
And here you see the wall game .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madagav introduced himself to the world that there is a real disproportionality happening in his country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing world and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that this HIV / AIDS epidemic is affecting women .
So I went back to work when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I followed up with every 466 organization that I put into workshop : I looked at Mamluk Mausoleans , the interviews — the ones that I was most comfortable with as a musician — asking for all my commitment to Mamela and the disability that she brought to me — to her dignity .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world expands Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their country — a country with HIV / AIDS that has the highest rates of HIV transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was happening there , they &apos;ll just go away .
I was very , very fortunate to meet two years later at the State Department , which is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the founder of Azerbaijan , an incredible piece of court and an activist .
I met him at one of the 466 medievals .
He was wearing this kind of sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is actually a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive ; people who live with HIV .
And so , because this subject is kind of a warrior , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take long . I became the head of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , whose 80 percent of participants are women whose most of them are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live on the ground .
They have education programs .
They face issues associated with conflict .
It &apos;s actually quite opaque .
And yeah , my song company supports the Treatment Action Campaign by trying to raise the HIV / AIDS volunteer and raise money for the last time .
Most of the funding that I got was actually moved to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
In the Silk Club , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly a white , middle-class South African audiences who finally started disappointing themselves , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole thing that &apos;s going on : people are inclined to dodge because they &apos;re excited and they really don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Southern Myhrvold , the current Health Program , was also here at this concert , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly encouraged to make reforms in that area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS .
And here &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African Mickey Club that I just fight for .
And just like these children , they are when , because their parents are HIV-infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a UNAIDS advocate for HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my students to speak , to expand my surroundings .
The way UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively dispense the HIV / AIDS virus from mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with support of political leaders .
It &apos;s just possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we beat , and we hate both because we are very confident , because we know that this young woman gets treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can take care of the child that she &apos;s prepared to bring about the world .
And her baby &apos;s going to get the HIV virus from her mother by preventing a baby that means that baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell you his story because he is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been paralyzed by HIV / AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-infected ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she was already diagnosed with epilepsy drugs , and she was also suffering from diarrhea .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathmandu , and we spent a full quarter of a week after her — just an amazing kid .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They built a special platform for a girl , and they followed it and they loved it .
And at the time that hospital was going to come , we didn &apos;t know , because we filmed her story , whether she would win this .
So obviously this was a very emotional interview that left us unhappy , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed , because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scaling of achievement is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired by the Ebola treatment .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to encourage all of you to consider , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to get the food and effective medical care , and you believe in the emerging markets of the United States of America — particularly the fifth and third-party parts , which all governments in the world need independently — particularly in Africa , can you please find a solution ?
I think I &apos;m going to be right if I say that almost all of the people in the room stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Passion is a wonderful way to move forward from reality , and it allows us today to do everything that science is going to do tomorrow .
As a diplomat , I &apos;m compiling the areas of curiosity and science to make you feel the participation of the technologies of the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You cut the road , and the world you &apos;ve seen is bringing in information : names , lights , buildings , maybe one day even in the street .
This is my mental illness .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a nightmare .
When you look through the roof , you &apos;re actually transmitting the river brain .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
All we need is paper . All paper .
Here we go . Let &apos;s say next time we see , we know .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cards , in the middle section , and let &apos;s start .
( Music ) Voice : The line is ready . The line goes .
Marco Thamps : For those of you who are not on paper , I would say it has four different marks : love , green , hot , gray .
Play is one of the best meditators to report in different ways .
Now some people think that four marks represent four marks a year .
E : Woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo . My favorite thing is silver . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a heat sink when heat turns into ice , water turns into fresh water , and then everything disappears .
Each marker has 13 cards . ( Music ) Voice : Each card represents 13 volumes of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful leaders of compassion .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s the color and shade that drives the heat and the heat of the night .
Voice : Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is there any advice that the toy had 52 cards , as it was 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : Stop , don &apos;t be real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday cereal , and I &apos;ve traveled all over the world since then , to celebrate the growth of men and girls , men and women , their husbands and their daughters , and even for the laptops and the laptops . ( Applause ) PM : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are
Sorry .
Joctor : Hey . MM : Are you ready to talk about you ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joctor : I &apos;m wearing my ankle .
MT : Be careful . Jack . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : The toy is invented . MT : Sometimes people ask me how to grow . Does it have to work nine or five hours ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , 7 days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course it works . Some people say it &apos;s a non-zero-sum game . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Indeed , in German , it sounds like &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you play a role with a smart player , which is how you divide the cards by the money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s probably from 416 to 1 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m going to stay close to the last and most important player , mentioning the politician .
Unlike everything we see , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : The card is closed .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the signal that makes the photo everyday .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to be a student — the life of the elderly , the youth and the road .
As a teenager , I was actually very difficult , insecure , and I was completely frightened by the people I feared , the future , the failure and the judgment I felt in myself .
I finished the semester , I would go as it started singing my thoughts , playing with my wife just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity and determination of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started hearing that voice .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then on the third side , reproducing everything that I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t either different or different or even shocking at some point in time , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evaluating my own unpronounced feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I often did , by being able to hide my emotions , then the voice would go away .
A process of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre comedian .
For example , I was a student television adviser who was interviewing news at the university , and at a time with a psychiatrist who was very late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , mate , I have to go .
This is when things started to grow fast .
I first went to the hospital , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was exposed to a lot of hopelessness and awkwardness in terms of myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound not as an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more powerful than reading it .
At that time , it was essentially present to him in taking the personality trait of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political wars , and that led him to the role of the voices that were going to become tempting and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a heavy period of fear , frustration , security and uncertainty , and it was a struggle where I felt empowered and unable to achieve a certain degree of peace and skill .
Two years later , the vaccine was legal .
Until now , I had the repertoire of the whole thing — terrible sounds , bizarre movies , bizarre and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else was saved .
One broken , paralyzed person began that journey , but the person who had come was saved and ultimately made it the personality that I was fortunate to have .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the people who helped me .
I know Elizabeth is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the snow away , but the month is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and ugly people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , just out of nowhere .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so abstract and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn a metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as a verbal truth .
So for example , sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to combine my own idea of fear and insecurity as a real threat .
At first I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sounds I really thought they were .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; Do one final thing . &quot;
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By measuring this , I recently assembled the benefits of my survived self , the voices of every good speaker , I was statistically removed from all drugs , and I was treated again by psychotherapy only this time in a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of the Internet : to be part of the international organizational movement listening to sounds — a provocation that came out of the work of Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandy Eisner , who perceives sounds as a survivor strategy , a clever reaction to survival , rather than a specific therapy that needs to be part of the importance and value of the experience that
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also how it evolves .
In other words , if there is social change , then it is possible .
You can &apos;t trust someone who is proud .
You can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the networks in five continents , in 26 countries that have co-prosperity , longevity , longevity and rights to people with mental disorders in order to create new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s obsessed with basic therapy and this basic ability to use cognitive psychology .
In this sense , there is no greater lack of resources and responsibility for the society than making it easier for the patient to be able to witness , to gain help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are a species . We are immutable .
In us , it can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time , a wonderful doctor told me , &quot; &quot; My God , what else did you say about you ?
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my images .
But is it a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I was 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to draw earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is more primitive .
When you take a picture with a poster , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It was such a feeling that everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are images like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these images , both dark and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this don &apos;t really look like this , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were able to take a picture .
Images with a little bit of time to think about the opportunity .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors in the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
It &apos;s not all that real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the pixels of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to get an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this is insignificant .
I see the same process with photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than we even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when images are collected , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get to reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
First rule is : Combinary images should have the same facets .
Secondly , you have to have the same light .
These two pictures are identical to both rules , and they are made of the same height and the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where it starts and ends up with a single image , but make it disconnected .
You have to come up with any idea about making images .
By applying colors , concentration and light across borders of different photographs , by adding photographs , such as density , by mixing colors and augurating the digital noise , we are bringing the differences between the different images and the same photo , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of generations .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Now , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just changes underneath .
But this picture is actually completely composed of all the different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew that in a matter of months I would have found a number of pieces of this photo .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
Some of the gray stuff is in the sand .
And one of the things I &apos;ll do is I &apos;ll rotate the space bar a little bit so it &apos;ll look a little bit more spectacular .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with an exxement , an idea .
And then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you do a good photograph , the result may be pretty , and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a brave man .
It was discovered that Vikillos , your daughter , had posted more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it wonderful that the media around the world are doing so much worse , that a small group of activists are able to release more of that kind of information than the rest of the world are doing together ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we only use the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to go through different rights , like Sweden and Bailway to use legal protection .
We get information in a basic gap , whether it &apos;s registered or not , in a broad media organization like a regular media organization , and we rely on information that &apos;s sometimes very difficult to do when you talk about a lot of information , and it provides a lot of information , and then provides us with unpredictable rights and political issues .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we probably ignore it .
( Frequency sounds ) Frequency !
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , you ask what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this documents ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Chris &apos;s call .
This was a secret inquiry line that was elected by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Marshall , about 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of Kallikuppy forces , who were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they made this call , they spent about two million pounds on a companion that was driving .
And then the government posted it , and as a politician , it used Maui , who was the richest man , and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan press .
So I went there in 2007 and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we announced that conversation , it was three days after the event that a new president , Kepler , had decided to memorialize the person who had come out to dinner with Daniel Arthur Maui , and this conversation was celebrated by President Kleiber .
GA : And to cut a long story short , Kenya was not talking about the mundane news , but rather indirectly , and you think it was really powerful for the outcome of choice .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and then it was posted across all the countries around Kenya , across the Tanzania border and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , in a couple of days , led to the news that the Chinese council talked about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the vote was changed by 10 percent by a genetic interview , and that changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , how much information did you get from your side , really changed the world ?
JA : Good job .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a very powerful — I should warn you .
Radio : ... the author says , as soon as their house is suspended .
I look at your object , so there are about four volumes , mmm , mmm ...
Man is free . Good job . Sorry .
Tell me when they hit . Don &apos;t do it .
Don &apos;t be daunted .
Come on , come on .
( Gunshots ) Don &apos;t move . Don &apos;t move . ( Gunshots ) Don &apos;t move .
Hello . Boomerang Wei . Boomerang Wei .
We have to move now .
Well , we were involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rules . I bought them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go bother , Kamen . Okay , here we go . I stole them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two thumbs to Bach to study the story more detailed .
This is the first of three statements that happened there .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people died in that condition , yes , that seems like two Roters too .
JA : There you go . From two Rosers &apos; work , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA
What is the real reason for terror ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a great disconnect of power .
Here you see guys on the street , walking up the street , and then there &apos;s a 30 mm escalator in the air , and there &apos;s a 30 mm escalator in April , pulling up all kinds of debris to do that , and killing people in the vaccine .
And there were two reporters there who were not primitive , because that &apos;s their full-time job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s awkward , and it turns out that speaking , actually , this video has loomed the alarm about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we joked that we got these calls .
He was installed about five days ago with 150,000 telephones and 50 reports .
We had a phone call from the U.S. Department of Reconciliation earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to another .
My point is that I was one of those comrades in the audience .
CA : If you &apos;ve got a Democrat from the United States , you &apos;ve got thousands of digital magazines .
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Hey . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the remote controlled telescopes , you &apos;ll see what are the materials .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more broadly about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that this network of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can lead to changes ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic time gathering information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is a hope that it will be a good thing , because the companies that are best known to do it , far from home , are spending money to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved , or really , for the vast majority of society , that the talk can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen this yet because of our fossil fuels .
So we have policies of understanding threats .
We have a unique way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we &apos;re discovering that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve exposed something that someone has a specific attack to publish .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption , about a billion people around the world , that American soldiers are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you stand up ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It will change the perception and the judgment of people paying for it , and that is our hope .
CA : So you have found a way to illuminate what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you in the process of creating a secret for yourself around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikelicks anymore .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources to be an alcoholic .
If they appear , we have a hard situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to keep our cleanliness , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like , just for our audience today — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TED thinks .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the character of the audience who brings this important light .
A rising tide .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Good job ! How many will .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous bubble , Julian , a gorgeous bubble .
You have to try some more . Let me give you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JA : So this is a nightmare , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis of the accident that said that , in fact , security workers from some of the most vulnerable , armed organizations actually had terrorists in place to fight them .
And that part of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleagues didn &apos;t have anything on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what it was about .
So we were a little bit bored with this idea that maybe some bottle company was trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what is a paper ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to do that paper ?
Is that really your name ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this chapter where the author was written on the name of Microsoft Word .
There we go .
( Applause ) This stuff has happened a lot .
This is an example of one of our ways of copying this material , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you have some information from BP ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of progress and engineering effort .
That &apos;s why our media feed has grown smaller in the last couple of months because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems for social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geoengineered with our growth , and that means that we &apos;re getting a very high level of discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main catalog , mostly reported reports and there &apos;s a reporting agenda ?
JA : There you go , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we have to reform people that will engage with the highest national security , and then with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s get a sense of yourself and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you &apos;ve enjoyed 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were running a movie , and then they were washing away from the bill , so the two consecutive ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early on .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
And for that , you have to be careful with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this time , most of it is used by rice math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
So this phrase is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , yeah , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe in your life to some extent to help define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed them chickens .
And it &apos;s something that comes out of my father and other thoughts , from the older people that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : In conclusion , do people of the generation generosity want to create waste ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and so cooking is not my thing , but there &apos;s another way — to train dogs , there &apos;s another way to control crime .
And that is something that has been part of my personality for a long time .
CA : And just in the last minute , tell us what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local media service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful event , you know .
Iceland has gone through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank account was the percentage of the rest of her economy in GDP .
But anyway , we &apos;re giving this call last year to Holly .
And national TV was commissioned five minutes before it broke out , and as a movie , the content appeared on the news table , and the headline was confused : &quot; This never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site for all the time as a film , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And the community was so empowered that this was never going to happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Iceland and other international law experts and created a new type of legislation for Iceland to make it a Freedom of Information platform , the most powerful media platform in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Saudi country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Icelandic conflict .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secrets , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure if the situation is going to grow .
So there &apos;s a huge amount of pressure for the Freedom of Information Act in the United States , China and the United States .
What side to grow ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because we can only move it around with a little bit of effort .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julian , was sensitive and strong and dear to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Eve .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting advertisements and stories , nine of the 17 interesting urban slums .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demise .
There are a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very vigorous on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these jars and artifacts of art .
And when I began traveling and traveling in caves , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new technologies .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started the work .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all the details here .
There &apos;s the desk of the Office , the timeline art gallery , the Eameses , Raisles and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan tablet .
There are two tiles to stay there — very expensive .
Put this in there and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bosnia in Mexico , it doesn &apos;t matter .
You can turn around , you can turn around .
Do you want a circular thing ?
Open the desk and stand in .
You go inside , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Go ahead , take a picture .
Study it .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I didn &apos;t get to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite paintings , the poets of Peter Bragel Bergen in Mathare .
You see the sign of this currency .
If the canal gave us those images , you can lie on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture might mess this up , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this image , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missiles .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion pounds of peace .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This boy is coming out very , very quiet .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started exploring it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , and I spoke to some friends in Mathare , and I discovered that this is a game called Seoul , where children sleep on a Friday afternoon with a pizza .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so let &apos;s zoom out to see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is just ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite pieces is the night of Parliament , and the example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to see the edges of the sand ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We kind of embedded in the image .
I &apos;m going to arrive at my favorite painting , and I &apos;m really going to go to the bathroom .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There &apos;s a lot of different things there , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can make records and send back to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the military .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these great painters .
It was my contention .
I hope that in this digital world , we are shortly demonstrating the works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the experiment to go to the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply encourages you to go to parks .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m the answer .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write articles , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction , and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use a geometric body , a circle . You &apos;re going to walk through a few circles .
I was born in Seattburgh , French family .
And after a while my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with many families where the father was driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming woman .
And from the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but with more spiritual values , a little educated and , of course , a little less rational .
She was a woman who had been fortunate enough to step into the grocery store and get heavy images from a broken mother , without eyes .
A lot of them came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds , people or dresses , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would pick up a red cheese and drink them with ink flashes as much as they wanted to get out of the skin .
And then , one more time , she was in a star filled with cardboard .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about this in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were struggling with my grandmother had a mental illness , I didn &apos;t see that she was struggling .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , it does help . But you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; Grandma , apart from many lessons I learned , I was a very disgusting lesson , which is that if you want to discover anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract , appearance , or the human spirit , you have to surround it with a high wall .
And I &apos;ll take it off .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yeah , we &apos;re all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , a nation and a class .
But if we had nothing to do with the ugly world that we were suffering from , then we could have a four-inch danger .
Our sustainability would go away . Our hearts would go away . &quot; &quot; Our humanity would go away if we were long stretched from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our phrases .
The other thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a piece of paper , or they run off the wall to get the photos off the wall .
It &apos;s an old Western hair based on the belief that for a person , it &apos;s not healthy enough to spend a lot of time posting .
Throughout the agenda , people who live in communities are facing the largest risk in modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Liberians and the conservatives , the geopoliticians and the beliefs , the rich and the poor , in the East and the Americas .
We tend to make planets that look like that , and then we expect people to look at other planets .
I think this cultural taboo to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can manifest the manifestations in our mental walls .
And with that discovery , we can actually navigate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; Would you like to run a laundry ? &quot;
When I look at her , I think she was totally disturbed by my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling it to my siblings , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid , talking to colorful people and asking for help from objects when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my breakthrough and my emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing and the last thing I wanted to write about was my own .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
And the reaction to me was self-organizing as well as translating it into other lives , but as options .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then I &apos;m going to stop it .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this tiny , teeny , middle-class household apartment where my grandmother lived , to this beautiful , international school in Maiddia , where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of the &quot; &quot; extrovert representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different organizations , and yet this diversity did not correlate with colonialism in our classroom .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed as not separate , but as a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to the people who had a dignity or a belief .
This kid , or this kid , used to be kind of a forger and a forger .
And I knew this very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of a man who was representing my nation — there was very little left to kill the homes of Homer Parliament and the war in Eurasia .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreamed of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Shakespeare , and they were interested in how many calories I had every day , because they thought that all sailboxes were poachers , and they were surprised that from the time I was born , I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , politics , politics and leadership .
After Spain we moved to Jordan , Germany and Apache again .
I always felt like my balance was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories made me feel focused , sustainability and consequences — these were the three things I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Samuel , a city I support .
I lived in a lot of biosynthesis , a lot of environments , where I wrote some of my pieces .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , there was a scene that caught me off .
We had a local priest , a teacher , an elderly man who never sells license plate protectors and never spoke to the public registers .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and the canvas of cards was cast underneath and on his feet .
I saw this man opened the door of the sandwich and he surrounded himself with this picture of the Guardian earthquake , until now it &apos;s in my remembering self : a conservative god and a swimming English popping up on the shore .
The death and the destruction in our country makes the difference , and we all become one , even if it comes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have a similar effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildscape and we &apos;re leaving lunch tomorrow and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before or maybe we &apos;re deliberately engaged .
A little bit after this , I started pasting women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Michigan .
I had a lot more feeling than global change , but in language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an extrovert , not a forger , not a forger , not a forger , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do this ? &quot; &quot; In language , I have an opportunity to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very positive and very emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with the two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , you end up in a constant and potentially depression .
Because as a lawyer , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of meeting between mindset and language .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a nightmare .
This is what I discovered in Boston : smallpox is very depressing .
At that time , my grandmother , who tracked my entire life , began to fear the growing insecurity of her lungs , so that I would get married soon , so I would be able to go somewhere and forever .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sebastian , I &apos;ve begun to dedicate my life in Arizona and Sumbo . These two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been chocolates , physically or psychologically .
The stories always take me , keeping all my pieces and memories together , acting like an existential chord .
As many stories as I know , recently I &apos;ve begun to think that they lose their magic . &quot; &quot; If , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when , &quot; &quot; they look more like a story than a story .
I &apos;d like you to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight by a writing editor .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one figure , it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because what happened at the University of Boston was very common to me that the English characters must be more than the arrows , but I realized what he was looking for .
And I also realized that I was going to keep upset him .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics of self affects the way that stories are distributed and restored .
There are many authors who feel this pressure , but the Other authors feel it more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death , as I am , then you are expected to write stories about women of death , and you are expected to tell the sad stories about women of death .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories and surroundings with your interactive and dangerous partners .
What I experienced as a child at Ahmedabad &apos;s school is now in the literature world .
Governments don &apos;t think of themselves as an independent creative person , they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not standardized .
In one of my researchers , James Baldwin , in 1984 , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to address the fact that he was a gay author , Bloody went to see him and he said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . I don &apos;t have anything special in me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it puts our liberties at risk .
There is a mystery called multicultural literature , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural reading 10 years ago on the Harvard Journal .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) We weren &apos;t really comfortable writing the same art gallery or literature .
We had collected our characters .
A lot of cultural blogs are waiting for them to write real stories , not so much authority .
The sequence is collected .
In this way , not just for the books , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was asked to speak to my favorite characters in front of the courtroom .
They were waiting for me to write about a constructive , multimedia-tasking and extended families with wife &apos;s eyes .
My micro story made a huge difference when they were tracking me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for post-traumatic stress disorder .
Sometimes it was my desire to bring both sides to remind me that it was a mercenary .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to eradicate my work .
I want to love and upgrade the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it &apos;s going to be .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that period , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last one in responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity divides us . The statement is linked .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other one is the details .
One is making boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
There were these mysterious stories at the time of Oscar , called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to eat coffee shops , storytellers , often by telling their stories right .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice by reimagining that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them as ordinary people , even the sultan , the media , the media .
The stories were covered by borders like Hawaii Neanderthals , which were scattered all over the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian reader has been reading Iranian books , and conversely , they get together and accept the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books protected the introverts , the broken girl I used to be .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader , Shamsul Theresa , and the first thing he did was he sat down and he watched the books of Rumi through the water and he watched the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you suffering is greater than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural geotherapy is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us further and further apart .
There is a metaphor that I love very much , which is that life is like a side show .
One leg on the other is always on the lookout for a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is in constant motion ; it &apos;s in full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are surrounded by horses of asthma in Starbucl , and the rest is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Pavilian Pavilion , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
In February , there is a place called the Jennifer Project .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Normally , we &apos;re definitely hanging out in the halls of things .
We view them as safe drinks for super-natural animals like water , which is like ice , which is wild , which constricts despair .
But more of these kinds of sentences need writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disappointment and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love when my characters get upset .
I &apos;m probably going to write about a middle-aged woman , and she &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great paradigm shift .
But why is it that , for the first time in a creative book class today , the first thing that students teach is to write what you know about it ?
Third , that &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Spatial literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and we need to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to extract from our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like storytellers who are circles with their fathers .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Every one of our lives , whether we love and love , oh my God , the country won &apos;t survive . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together focusing on the virtual problem of Alzheimer &apos;s .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fragile .
And as a result , we build older social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores what people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to look at the world more like play .
Before the game was over , we had grains of sand .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the president decided that he should play the last game .
We want to imagine the instructional benefits and then provide people with the educational benefits .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s an honor for you .
We have a graph , we have a positive duty on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , extension of knowledge , sustainability , globalization and humanity .
My big idea , which actually is a very , very small idea , is a road to billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my childhood experience .
Two and a half years ago , I witnessed the atrocities .
I broke my head , I broke my arm , I broke down , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to wine .
And in the process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated and the happier life is needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately for men , wine resistance has become a disaster for nature .
Recently , I was having lunch with a guy who was officially four o &apos;clock at night .
What else I said — although I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this would be a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of calendar to show your own preference .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a speaker and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight hours ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 o &apos;clock in the morning , but nowhere else , I &apos;m going to get a Ranger to play , I &apos;m going to have two confirmations and we &apos;re going to see 8 o &apos;clock in the morning . &quot; &quot; And they think that
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the subject before it falls to Taniyama .
And we had too many symptoms with our Tianmen .
I feel like if Leymah brothers and sisters were to run the Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the burden , because he would have been seven or eight hours away from sleep , and he would have seen the whole picture .
We are now committed to multiple journeys all over the world — things that are useful for us personally , things that are more joyful , happiness , efficiency in our lives , contribute to our careers and to the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us . Open your engines and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about bringing imagination seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this ordinary material to decide that for years it had the same use .
Today I use this material to create the highest resolution , scalable , scalable buildings in different cities in the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied crime , engineering , architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I met seven art schools and I got a tutor .
I chose to be a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I set up an instruction , and I set up a marathon for myself .
The day of the show was coming , and I didn &apos;t have any instructions .
We had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for disaster .
So I tried making potato sauce .
But making a great job was difficult and expensive .
And I got out to the corner and started to see how the fishes connected and designed the networks .
Every day I &apos;d seen it , but this time I &apos;d seen it a different way , as a new approach to creating a canvas , as a way to get a large canvas shape without a large canvas shape .
The first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Loud Windows . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we uploaded the Web to the pattern .
What I discovered is that the soft , flexible , flexible buildings evolve all the time , creating images that were constantly changing .
I was angry .
I went on to study collaboration with facilities , and also in Lithuania , with researchers .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to create more and more bigger things , to transform the scale of the object that you see , something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the farmers working there , and we formed a network of arms — a million and a half links — that , shortly , was installed in Machia .
Thousands of people saw that . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel Slo-Morales , who renewed the segment of Port-au-Prince in Port-au-Prince .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by supporting my art .
With sustainable , engineering solutions , there was a continuum , those properties were in the alphabet with the standard method of etherism .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would recognize the toxic elements of the Sun , the compressed air and the melting of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so cold that they would be covered by wind .
We needed something that kept the Web at the center of the cloud .
So we drove up a 20-ton spaceship .
We had to deal with the engineering to get the skeleton to move from the ground up to the ground up to the ground .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect in Asia who designed the Seawater Greenhouse for America . His name is Peter Hepper .
He helped me solve two problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman did not know America .
So I got in touch with a predator , threw in their arms and figured out how to bleach them .
There was no language of software that would transform the manufacturing of the machine .
We had to create like this .
Three years later , after having two children , you have a 15 square meter network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable and in that transformation had nothing to lose .
( Applause ) It was an obvious and inevitable spectrum .
Now it was a viable space .
Think about it for the first time .
As I was watching the wind game , I was struggling to stay underneath the ocean and be connected to the land at the same time .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to introduce two new directions to my work .
This is a historical Palestinian civilization , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit of the water that was contaminated with particles that would change shape , and as we tried it , we also found that people could interact with this material and go through without falling out .
And I use this metropolitan material to describe the trajectory of metropolitan areas , at the moment of time , as if it were a radical picture of the urban system .
The next challenge we face in Denver was the Library of North and South America , and I was asked if I could picture the interconnectedness of the 35 West Bank countries and the interconnectedness of them .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I found out about the last earthquake and tsunami in Chile , which has flooded the Pacific .
It had driven the tectonic ships of the earth to accelerate the melting of the planet and literally double the gravitational pull of the Earth .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked me to give the tunneling data and convert it into this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth has read on the day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in the wall , in my own way .
It was very complicated .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a clothespin , a thin film , 15 times flat .
The classroom would now be perfectly dry and just as thin as it could be taken up by buildings that would be part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and would simulate the quality of that complex network .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call from New York , and they asked me to combine the idea of associating Thomas Skerry or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method enables me to model and build structures that climb up the staircase .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional things and entertainment .
Now I put them together in technology and engineering projects to create a tangible , clunky , forms that reach the top of buildings .
My creative spirits are increasing .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in Financial .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d been able to take out the building and say , &quot; Take it off the shelf . &quot;
These people in the Princeton Court have now been wrapped up by their strangers , by their strangers , and they &apos;ve looked at the creation , the transformational images , and they &apos;ve analyzed the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are utterly hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hi . Thank you . It was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed ! )
Information , in terms of energy , is communicating with all of our sensitive systems simultaneously , and it &apos;s being embedded in this huge region , which is what the current state is , and the current state of mind and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our right half , is different .
We think linear and metaphorical .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I got a little more feeling in my body . Imagine that .
