Until recently , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea pointing out , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this — this is a blog that was written earlier this year by Dr. Millin — who was a programmer in science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here , I died , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself , when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this actively positioned website became awesome . &quot; &quot; Because Michael was a journalist , his head was probably well-written and more thoughtfully equipped , but in fact , all of us are creating a tool that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited out
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Nowadays , YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video every minute .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook customer makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case scenario is that they will be made up of some pictures and some economic videos , or an agenda that &apos;s in some store .
And today , we all create this incredible rich digital device that will always stay in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technology , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our network professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I found myself pretty good at putting on Foursquare-feet in a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Beer .
MA : Aha ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
MA : An ifie.net is not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
It allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Animals .
It allows you to create a website for your loved ones , places for exhibition online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be stored after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month he managed to analyze over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand human language and to compute large amounts of data remains improved , it can be analyzed in a lifetime of simplicity — numbers , photographs , movies , blogs — that we create with so many .
And I think some time later , our digital selves will be able to continue to communicate with the real world , much beyond our death , through all the gratitude that we create , and through technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; which analyzes all of your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be very happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , the improvement of our technical skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate on the characteristics of a particular person based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being has developed over the course of his life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN hello to a perfectly square-foot-wide player , Andron Coupe , was running for an interview .
What if we could use this technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate in a very similar way based on the complexity that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is perfectly possible because both the absence of the data that we use and the capacity of technology to understand them , they &apos;re expanding quickly .
Now , to cut a long story short , I &apos;m going to ask you all to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to join the environment , to pay attention .
Notice the chocolate cake .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second for it to fire .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stick it in front , I &apos;ll leave the video behind . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not the — ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m running out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what brought it to him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our times , and that &apos;s when our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something truly and truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
It &apos;s a 5.25 degree C driver wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
If you keep on programming , the cortex is going to fall , and it &apos;s going to be 0600K O78RUS .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Learn to understand meaning .
In short , I went to Google .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them committed that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia .
Citywide , you can find this in certain mobile phones , machines .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to Singapore .
And after lots of research , we finally discovered this website , this Rose guy , worked for years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and on this blog , he &apos;s writing his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is doing it .
Mercedes-Benz S66,V12 gigabytes , more than 400 movies . In Satisburg , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was tortured .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He drove another car . And he took pictures of him on his blog .
( Video ) Mary : Here &apos;s her husband , Ladida Somara , who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
The Martians Secretary of State is 0600K O78RUS . Now I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work closed . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What would happen if the crime collapsed ? In many cases , it doesn &apos;t go so well .
Even in the majority of cases .
We don &apos;t know where the arguments come from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what controls our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located and they do their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managing one of these . And if Stuxnet is attacking one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math industry , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , such as electricity , obviously , we depend on computers . And this is really creating .
We need to do something different .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even if computers fail . ( Laughter )
Manipulation therefore assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t even there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
I &apos;m going to tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I have a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
that will tell us everything . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do a just-time job identifying these online criminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of assaults — and this is more important than the government .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about identifying the people standing there , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming cybercriminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : It only takes two minutes for you to change your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s a big smile . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all obsessed with body language and property .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that are going on in the intersection , the inflated silences , the world-class appearances , or the blind in the blind , all the way to a simple handshake .
Singapore . Here they go to the basket .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , our social psychologists call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are enough principles to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and mistakes .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life , such as taking a human into account , walking forward , or taking time .
For instance , Nelson Amis , a Tafti University researcher , found that when people are looking at a single medical doctor and a real patient in 30 seconds , they &apos;re told by the doctor &apos;s love , they &apos;re told by the doctor , &quot; Would you give the judge ? &quot;
So you have to use them intelligently , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organs all the time .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and I was inevitable that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the notions of power and generosity .
Do you think , what are the forces and authority tools that don &apos;t accomplish ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger and bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more space .
Jessica Theresa has explored this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
Hands up , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s down to us , and we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what it looks like to be a powerful and empowering meeting .
When our face is strength and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I follow the way my students move , and I see that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
While others are still struggling to step inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less handsome than men , and that &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve also noticed .
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because value is very limited by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to disrupt this gender barrier .
And I started to wonder , for instance , that college adopts these people who participate in class .
There are beliefs to be , yes .
For example , we pray when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pray , when the author is upset with the toothbrush , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can our bodies change the behavior of our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So what &apos;s the difference between strengths and strokes ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window out there , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it &apos;s also dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who responds to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in fact , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the human skeletons .
You fall , you fall .
You &apos;re clicking on the floor .
Here &apos;s what happened . They &apos;re walking in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes and these results .
And this is what happened to the Koreans .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think this is the kind of opportunity you can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to others .
The issue is what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no face expression , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is this .
So the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the conditions of the experiment .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people represented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision of the victims .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s completed .
They said yes .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain region shows up in the repair region .
I knew my IQ because I was always crazy and talented .
I was removed from school , I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to finish college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old at school .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Make as long as you become it , you want me .
Do it so long before it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small pulses can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Raise your levels of testosterone , lower your calcium level .
Let me give you a context that you think your capacity hasn &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem solves the front lines ?
And I want to give you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve identified the 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read a little bit about them : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , population integration , population pressure , symbolic conditions and water , and subatomic and suntan .
We think taxes include the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question becomes , what do you think is most important ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June Delhi .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have a central problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What matters is not the overall definition of problems , but the overall definition of problems .
Then you get , of course , a more complicated situation .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citi .
Diagnosing diseases need to be solved by hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use U.N. power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is sort of an incredible personality — write what you think about the major superficials .
And also — here &apos;s the economic failure — notice we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the spectrum ?
I &apos;m asking you , 30 seconds , also talk to your neighbor , and just notice that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , some of which are the least extreme .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;ve been incarcerated for 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you enough of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t this kind of spectrum been established ?
And one of the reasons is that borders are very uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
And of course , every organization would like to be the first to the exhibition .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symptoms that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly understood that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a fundamental website on all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have any farms , it &apos;s any farm decision , and of course we &apos;re still figuring out the progress from a second , but it doesn &apos;t mean that , of course , it would be better than if we actually did in a certain set of supernovaes and followed it and talked about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is that , really , for a very long time , we &apos;ve had a lot of options .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know the numbers .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you one big guy , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For instance , you &apos;ve asked the question , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to go .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family asset . It can be a very small asset , right ?
He wanted to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And that &apos;s how the main work of the Copacabana was .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in each room .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Same with infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in March of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University miraculously decided to call them Rel Machine economics .
It works really well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work was essentially a symbol of translation .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked this question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
We appreciate them .
They do the crazy job of saying , what should we do first and what should we do next ?
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it now .
They basically came up with an exhibition that said there are bad projects , which is programs where you invest in a dollar more .
There are middle , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very end of the spectrum , climate change .
Many people will turn it off , and this is probably one of the cases that people will say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreeableness with the exhibitions that you have .
Why are they saying that Cicoton , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
All we can do with this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re essentially showing us the average interface of the eco-economic model , which is the Citi Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the third largest contributor to developing countries in the Third World .
However , it would be a little bit useful .
Most models will follow global warming in just six years .
So a boy in Bangladesh who stands in front of a 2100 degree C can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do nothing positive ?
Or performing an incredible amount of good stuff with that money .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that , if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs — you mean , I &apos;m not going to take all the numbers — infectious diseases , primary health services — and they can get a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is incredibly important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good programs , lots of scenarios and water are coming in .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that have to solve the problems of the world in the first generations of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people have been affected by malaria .
Court can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can increase that number by half .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the long-term , global warming problem .
The third leadership is open source .
A common model , if we can get to the top and specifically reduce suicide in the United States and the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half the world &apos;s second largest number .
Again , we can say that , in fact , we can get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , in about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is going to be a central problem .
Not only is there a common collision , but there are very expensive tools for solving the food problem , particularly with the presence of microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffering from water , silicon , code and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem seriously .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how we do this and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is the default option .
And again , in the ideal world , we both did .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where we invest in the first generation .
And therapy is much cheaper than preventing .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money we spend , we can do a good thing with X by treating and 10 times better than that .
And again , we &apos;re more focused on prevention , as in treatment .
It really makes us think about our borders .
I want you to look at your culture &apos;s desire and say , are you right to build it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was the first solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just for a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions of the U.N.
We hope that the average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But I say that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help from a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangalore right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine if you &apos;re rich enough to be protected , say a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a Congolese person , 2100 people in Congo , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it that they were so nervous to help me deal with climate change a little bit , and they don &apos;t care so much about my grandfather or grandmother , who could
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory to pick the Brad Pitt for his next movie in Tanzania to attempt a snake painting or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s not just a movie prophecy .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and the whole discussion of farming are facing some of the problems .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not just to make the dissemination of the media landscape , but to create the foundation to make better action .
The next thing that I think is really important , I think , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering a choice somewhere out there .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , the developed countries decided that today we should spend twice as much on the developing world as it did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re in a solution to all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be great .
But the basic idea is that , if you have 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , go with it and think about the best galaxies .
I &apos;m just a quick overview : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up with an inevitable , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have stupid ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English at university .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the polling stations , and they did so , and they offered their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the evidence was the same : problems of obesity and disease in the first place , climate change in the end .
We did the same thing multiple times .
A lot of other symptoms came together and a lot of students came .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about borders , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to bring more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Trying to write the right way for the world , and also thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do a work that gives us no results , not things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make powerful programs where we can achieve very little good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things we do and there are things we don &apos;t do .
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define farming and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , From Freud Aland to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , and we were busy , so we picked a road that was going through the local trolley and the national department , and in short , we picked as much as we could .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I &apos;m turning to my friend and asking a question that took me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks up at me .
The first-line discussion is perfectly appropriate .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the signals that we see that the Chinese hero is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There it is , the famous Chinese hero who encourages the banana sludge . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the past five years of my life thinking about circumstances that look very similar to this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent my past five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I am a leader of this kind of strange career , but actually I have a great advantage : the exception of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not to avoid thinking we might be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong , it &apos;s normal .
But when the hole comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , right now , are visually impaired and visually impaired , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present , we go for elections , we vote for present .
In fact , we all live our lives in a small bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most amazing , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of self ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re the answers to another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could actually be fun , like my stupid Chinese hero &apos;s mistake .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where a bright cartoon character is always present , but can never reach a rock .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton is running behind the bird , and the bird is running away from the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and he can fly .
But the mirror is running behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running while he &apos;s looking down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t quite figured it out , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually tell you a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the constructive reason , that makes us have to stay stuck in the consensus of our own rights .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us feel comfortable finding the right thing , and it &apos;s associated with our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is browsing the test tube , and one of them looks something like this .
That &apos;s not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you certainly know how you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so , by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that the benefit of achieving success is overwhelming mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be perfect teachers , professor , heroic .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Hey guys , actresses , actresses , marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all the main leaders , you &apos;re an athletic and you &apos;re a marathon .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean that it &apos;s not with us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman came to visit the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He &apos;s disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the cards and putting the patient in his room for cleaning .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body in the wrong way ? &quot; &quot; And she got the wrong side of her body because the surgeon had surgery on her left arm , rather than on her right .
When the chairman of the hospital gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For whatever reason , the surgeon was sure he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The internal belief that we all often have is that there is no credible division for what &apos;s going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we open up the opportunity to make mistakes , and then we do things like , for example , over 750 million clean oil spills in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine what justice means all the time .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone poses their disagreement , we just assume he &apos;s invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he &apos;ll see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think different , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right argument .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they figure it out for their inappropriate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent mistakes when it &apos;s necessary for us , which makes us do terrible things together .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it &apos;s all about being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are like a retina window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it were , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine other people &apos;s place in another place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Drake said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Suppose Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make errors is not a subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle subtle frames in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all the other creatures , we &apos;re widely trying to find the answer to that .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I &apos;ve been hearing a lot of the public radio interviews called This American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview with Ira Glass , who is communicating .
And I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , the surprise and the discovery and the mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our customers and the procrastinators , they give us those stories .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , disruptive circumstances and significant relationships .
When it comes to stories , we love to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but there &apos;s something else going on .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive destruction , he was going to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thinks that he &apos;s going to be the violation of Egypt in his entire life , before he or she is too old or will be sick and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girl that you love about in school , and raise kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I was thinking I &apos;m writing a very disturbing book about something that everyone &apos;s asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is startling us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to find our error .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying equipment , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a remarkable relationship .
And I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , complexity and determination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Noshi walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Cameron , the Chief of the Ranger .
Nairobi originally agreed to be immune to that murder , but at the same time , spending time on small trucks , he and other people started planning trials in dozens of neighborhoods in New York City including kidneys , synagogues and the U.N.
Thankfully , those plans were pushed by the FBI .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Ride bombing didn &apos;t hurt .
Nazi was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 by the Egyptian engineers and the loving mother and teacher who were together trying to make a happy childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any audience , you will find very few people who are so hyper-metamorphically connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to enable others to live that way .
A few months before his campaign , he sat me down and explained to me that on the last Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to London for a specific purpose .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
When I was Secretary of State , my father helped me hold my wrist and explain how to hold the army for about 30 nerves .
That day , the last afternoon that I had , he threw a little light on the top of the fence , and , surprisingly , everybody , especially me , the whole flag disappeared .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed very well in that review , but after just a few years , I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father did .
These guys ended up being commissioned with 1,500 pounds of peanut butter to fly a minibus on the World East Coast in the suburbs of the Soviet Union , in which six people died , and about 1,000 were killed .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood didn &apos;t allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone , gathering and moving cities around .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was always a titan to be a titan .
I would hide myself in my classrooms so that I wouldn &apos;t be a pilot , but apparently , being a brilliant new kid was more of a warrior in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
And because of that , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtual measures such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life , asking this question , was born in the 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Convention for Young President Philadelphia .
The attention of my group was on young violence , and spending most of my life as a jirga to be arrested , and this was something I was much more interested in .
The members of our group were diagnosed with various aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found that one of the kids I was with was a lunch lady .
It took days until that fact came to my mind , and I realized that there was no natural divide between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I had the privilege of winning the crash that I had believed in almost all my life was impossible .
Another rounding paper came when I found a summer job in Budrus , among the fun .
There , I was confronted by various belief and culture gifts , and that experience became very powerful in the development of my personality .
I learned that balance is a lie , and frankly , all marshmallows have an explosive impact .
This led me to work with armorals during the siege , and soon I found that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handful of children , I &apos;ve developed compassion for others &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat many other people in the same way that I would like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the habits that I was taught at a young age with experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something that is beyond my power .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multitasking , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual assault has nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Procrastination often can come from unexpected places , and the fact that the Khmer Rouge has more positive impacts on my world than my own dysfunctional father , which he did not lose .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever until I live .
He looked at me with thoughtful eyes , one with enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that moment , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that electricity out .
Look , Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family back with my father and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
And I do that hopefully one day , someone who &apos;s related to using violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was faced with that violence , the untouchable idea , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do it for the athletes of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and for the loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
For the sake of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these unintended activities and judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not separate from a religion or a race , and it &apos;s not necessarily following father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Their performance is what they learn .
It matters to me .
I want to know those people who stand behind my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they are .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for the water supply to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to our ecosystem to an opportunity to repair our ecosystem .
It allows us to browse the habits that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative habits .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
And sustainable investments allow the developing and dynamic system to adapt our relationship to the ocean as a resource , so that we can integrate the ocean and encourage its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence is that traditional methods for many people in the world of terrorism are very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different forms of vegetables .
The sensation is very easy , go to the screen , stay away from the screen , think again before you go to the screen .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We cannot keep making this progressive if we measure its success by changing the frequency of the species including the yellow and the red .
But what if we ate vegetables alone ?
Here &apos;s a cardboard of a thunnus alcoholic type of tongue , a non-dangerous species .
A card with a stick and not a stick .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the fruit , the head nurse .
What is the essence of this food ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
And my conclusion is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red line is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are very healthy to the heart .
Great . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to be so busy . I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Well , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a spectrum problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value by embracing the victim &apos;s reality .
And we store that value in income .
So the bottom line is , it matters what we need .
The most controversial articles can be represented not by Joey , not by Philips or by Google , but by Goly Greene Gandhi .
Silk : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new cave .
Well , I would say that a broccoli cover could be a new color .
We need to keep eating the tastes better if we &apos;re over-eating .
But we have to eat it with a lot of vegetables .
And perhaps the best part of the repertoire is that it &apos;s halfway through , with a set of Tobago pieces and pixels .
It &apos;s picked up with 142 pounds of Taliban , leaked with Dijon bag and a box of candy and Quinoa filled with colored broccoli so dense and colorful , a little carbon dioxide and a little bit cooled in it with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And what &apos;s great is that all of these components are accessible to all the families in Wallmart .
Jimi Oliver is fighting to save America from the time we &apos;re eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harmony ; we need to be afraid of war .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food we produce by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Happiness is a thing , but sleep is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to disrupt our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are absolutely leading the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always presents a shelter that feels the consumer &apos;s responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our mouths .
There &apos;s an environmental disaster .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground cafe for the untouchable environment .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in repairing .
While we &apos;re reducing public policies , media is actively diminishing the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their own , if we include more babies .
It &apos;s a song I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our clients .
As a breaker , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to break down apples in closets .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shirts because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating their food and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less white .
They got more calories because of diverse food .
They got healthier . I made more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the human dimension .
Another thing we did was we started multiplying varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , anarchy , anarchy , grammar , solderness .
Sharmeen , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , the whole forms of alcoholism .
We &apos;re adding layers to more flexible , more powerful , more flexible variations .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big headlines , those patterns , those green wishes that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , there it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram .
Take the bread . Close the fish in four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples with a marshmallow , and then open up the best building you have , six apples and a ton .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors , and maybe twice a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food and food is part of human interest .
My dad was a great cook .
And he taught me recently the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire facility of the facility , and they were treated with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brick .
That &apos;s what I normally eat today .
I get sick when I go to a gas station .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a mash-up .
Amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about and that you &apos;ve heard about the condition of our oceans , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that perhaps the greatest thing is , at this point , your mother was right .
Three pounds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For an artificial intelligence , I &apos;m looking for compounds that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and quiet and fascinating things that I don &apos;t think I &apos;ll ever change .
For my family , I look for contradictions that are born in my personal history .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call procrastination .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;ll start sharing the rest , we &apos;ll start screaming , we &apos;ll repair .
We need to eat beef .
We need to eat mini-vegetables .
And we need to save the fish .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the cartoon , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; The cartoon .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation of Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested in Robbie .
Here I am with Jesus Anderson , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come to Manchester , where he was going to pass a computer across the world , standing beside his previous prison camp .
And you see the wall here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madagav reported to the world that there is a real disproportionality going on in his country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this Scottish state , and that there are more males leading than all of us : women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic is actually having this effect on women .
So when I left Sub-Saharan Africa , I was struck by myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so following that , I took every form of 4664 that I organized , that I was present for . I looked at Mumbai tulies , the interviews , the ones that I was most likely to use as a musician , dragging me from all my sympathy and the undefined circumstances in Mandela for his work .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is growing into Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their country , a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;ll just collapse .
I was very , very lucky to meet two years later at the State Agency , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the struggle and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 campaigns .
He was wearing this kind of sports suit that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in partnership with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this little cup of coffee is kind of an illusion , I &apos;m wearing , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became the head of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this extraordinary organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They are enormous contributions to the people who live on the ground .
They have educational programs .
They face issues associated with conflict .
And the act of doing it is really rather ugly .
And yes , my Singer campaign promises the Treatment Action Campaign by which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of the HIV / AIDS awareness and raise money for the past .
The vast majority of the funding that I &apos;ve been able to get was to go immediately to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobby for the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
In the Song campaign , I am basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here &apos;s me in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and I &apos;m already singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly a white , middle-aged sub-Saharan African audience who finally got excited , because I use my film to actually touch the heartbeat of this terrible tragedy and the whole thing that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
Aaron Moholidine , the former head of modern health , was also present in this network , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly comfortable with reforms in that area that were so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I became a prisoner of war in Scotland .
I was showing them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of reality of HIV .
And there &apos;s a girl in Edinburgh with the wonderful African children of the National Church , who I just love .
And like many of these children , they are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting next to Mike Sidwich , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great privilege that Mitchell invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the HIV epidemic at UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage myself to speak , extending my wallets .
The message that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard about is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby , baby to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved by the support of political factors .
This is just possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both praying , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is being treated and therefore she can have her life repaired so that she can take care of the child that she &apos;s about to bring about the world .
And her baby &apos;s going to get AIDS from mother to baby , preventing prostate cancer , which means that baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Alilia .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell everybody his story because he &apos;s one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been deprived from AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she had been diagnosed with anti-AIDS drugs and also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathmandu , and we spent a full week behind her , just an amazing kid .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see them .
They raised a special food restaurant for the girl , and they followed it and they saved it .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So obviously it was a very emotional event that kept us sane , this child , you know , his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve lost , because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that awesome ?
( Applause ) This division of disability is actually for doctors in the hospital and doctors who were inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to encourage each of you to encourage each of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to get food and effective medical care , and you believe in the Narcissism of the United States , especially in the fifth and sixth , what all governments in the world need to be independently preserved — in Egypt , can you please raise money ?
I think I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that almost everyone in the room has stood up .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Brilliant light . Truth is a wonderful way to go a step further than truth , and it allows you today to do everything that science is going to do tomorrow .
As a biomass , I &apos;m adding the ages of architecture and science to give you a sense of the tools of the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street and you see the world increasingly accumulating information — names , lights , buildings , maybe one day even in the street .
This is my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
And when you look through the skull , you &apos;re transferring the brain of the quadriplegic .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s say we know next time we see .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , the media landscape , and let &apos;s start .
( Music ) Voice : The line is ready . The line is extended .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s filled with four different notes : love , green , hot , gray .
Places are one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think four marks represent four brands a year .
E : Woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo , woo . My favorite thing is mud . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a refrigerator when the water turns into a glamour , water turns into a river , and then everything goes away .
Each signal has 13 pieces of paper . ( Music ) Voice : Each piece of paper represents 13 pixels of all the light socket .
MT : So here &apos;s the data , the evolution , and the light in the middle .
Voice : Loon is one of the most powerful enthusiasts of the mind .
MT : There are two colors in the paper .
Here &apos;s the shadow and the sun warming up at night and a nearby headlight .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that happens is that the toy has 52 steps , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the cards , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Beatboxing ) Voice : Don &apos;t get up , don &apos;t get real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , I got my first account , and on that day , I traveled all over the world , bringing happiness to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and even their grandkids . ( Applause ) DH : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , they make fun . You see .
Go ahead .
Jack : Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack : I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;ll take a look at my theater .
MT : Stay tuned . Jockey : Hi , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Time captured . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we grow ? How should we work at nine to five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course it works . Some people will say growth is the work of non-zero-sum forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Right , in Germany , it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Reality is not that intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a smart player that distributes your cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yes , but I think my cards are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important playground for the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re operating , you don &apos;t . Voice : The card is closed .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MA : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year career .
That &apos;s part of the challenge of making a living every day .
I &apos;d never been that great .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to be a student — the life of the ages , the teenagers and the walks .
When I was a kid , I was actually very embarrassed , insecure and totally terrified — from people of fear , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I was feeling in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my staff , exactly as I had before , listening to a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the simplicity and determination of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . I heard that voice .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t either different or even hopeful at some point in time , although I noticed that the sound well-intentioned was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear sounds and the fact that I was certain that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre office .
For instance , I was a television student who was interviewing news at the university , and when I met a psychiatrist who was too late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hi , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
From the beginning , I was diagnosed with a schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was diagnosed with a lot of hopelessness and kindness in terms of myself and my photographs .
But being committed to perceiving that sound not as an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful to address it .
This was at that time , essentially , representing a kind of relationship between my own mind , a kind of spiritual political wars , and this gave the hero a lot of the sounds that were coming into being documentary and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , hopelessness , uncertainty and uncertainty began , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to achieve peace and intelligence in some way .
Two years after the trial was conductive .
Until now , I had the repertoire of all the work : terrible sounds , unstupid movies , bizarre and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , before anybody else was saved .
A disrupted and disconnected person began that journey , but the person who perhaps came was saved and ended up becoming the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories of people helping me .
I know Eleanor would win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the month comes at the end of the month . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count on all the beauty and aggressive people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that cease-fire , only from the ground .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so abstract and consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to learn metaphorically , which I used to describe as the literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing at my house taught me to define fear and insecurity as my own concept of fear and insurance in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sounds I really thought they were .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do one final thing .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By embracing this , I was recently collecting the details of my inherent self with a voice that was expressed in every well known voice , and I was surprisingly moved from all medications to psychiatric therapy , only this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud to be part of the international organizational movement listening to people listening to news , a company that has come to mind from Professor Mary Rumi and Dr. Sandy Eisner &apos;s work , who perceives sound as a theater of survival , in the case of normal reaction , rather than a symphony of physics , who has to be part of a different discipline that needs to be heard from ,
This kind of inequality is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of developing .
In other words , if there is social change , then it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t hire someone who &apos;s proud .
You can &apos;t point to people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the movement of the networks in five continents , working together to develop dignity , unification and law enforcement for people with mental disorders in order to create new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a piece of caste that is essentially impaired with the basic ability to treat and apply this basic cognitive skill .
In this way , there &apos;s no greater leverage and responsibility for society than making it easier for the patient &apos;s treatment — to see , to download the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are a star . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time , a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; Give me a blessing about what else they said about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images that you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed up with my curiosity to paint earlier , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a pencil , the process ends when you frame the pencil .
And photography , to me , means being in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopy .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw images like this , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to photograph them .
Pictures for which a little thought is needed to discover the possibility .
And this has come up with a lot more ideas than you might have imagined .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , the colors in the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not so realistic , but what we think is real .
I think the principles are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take pieces of reality and connect them together to make it another reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we treat our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it &apos;s insignificant .
I see the same process in the context of photographs .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in comparison , it &apos;s really important to consider this , because otherwise something is going wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get to the reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by comparing them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is : Combinary pictures should have the same pictures .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where they start and end up becoming individualistic and without permission .
You have to come up with any idea about how to make a picture .
By comparing colors , concentration and illumination between the boundaries of different images , by adding photographs , like depth , breaking colors and augurating the digital noise , we &apos;re cutting the differences between the different images and the same photo , even though a photograph can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of different places .
It seems to me , in fact , it &apos;s easier to prepare any environment than to find its place , because in that case , you don &apos;t have to go to conclusions .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew that I had a couple of months to prepare for me to find various places to get these images .
For example , this fish was shot in fishing .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The part of George was shot in the rock .
And one of the things that I did was I made a little red donkey to make it look a little bit more funny .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with ecstasy , with idea .
And then I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result can be quite beautiful and still be real .
Here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a genius .
It turns out that Victoria Licks , your little girl , has been publishing more classified documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media in the world is doing so terribly bad that a small group of activists can release more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : So how does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as far as we can tell , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Bali to use legal protection .
We gather information , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely ever know it , and if we find it in any bottle , then we probably burn that information .
( Voice-over ) Go !
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what is the code of the TED conference ? ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karl &apos;s friend .
This was a secret study by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Asoccer for 18 years .
He was a victim of Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphy powers who were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk , they spent about two million pounds on a competition that was operating .
And then the government posted it , and as a politician , it used Moi , who was the very rich man , and is still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic information .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election — the National Elections , the 28th of December .
When we released it , it was three days after the event that a new president , Kirville , decided to memorialize the man that he had come out with , Daniel Raqi , Moi , and this collaborator , he eventually became president of Kiribati .
GA : And to cut a long story short , this conversation about content was not about content , it was about content , it was about content , it was about content , it was about , you know , without choice .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headline , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya — the Tamil of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew it away .
And that , in a couple of days , became the case that the Chinese Embassy talked about it .
It went on for 20 days with a Chinese television , the poll changed 10 percent with a genetic test , and changed the result of selection .
CA : Well , did you really change the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong seed , I should warn you .
Radio : The author gave them the appearance of being in their house .
I &apos;m wearing your object , so it &apos;s about four cords , so clap , guys ...
Man is free . All right . Go !
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Have sex .
Well , no .
( Audience : Shake . ) Shake . Shake . ( Audience : Shake . ) Shake .
Hurricane : Ground Control , Ground Control .
We need to move now .
Well , we did .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rose . I bought them .
Two hundred , this is the Tokyo Water , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go bother , Kkhh . Well done . I packed them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two mindsets to Bach to study a more detailed story .
This is just the first of three comments that happened there .
CA : And I mean , 11 people died in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Ruters .
JA : There you go . From two Rosers &apos; work , two little children were diagnosed .
Around 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And that turned out to be the cause of global warming .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great uncertainty of power .
Here you see guys walking around on the street , and then there &apos;s a 30 millimeter vertical bar in the air , and they &apos;re opening up all kinds of ducks to do this , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who simply weren &apos;t in charge , because it was their side job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manju , who &apos;s awakened , and it turns out that the video has fundamentally gotten worse about this , as well as about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we worried that we got those kinds of calls .
He was recruited about five days ago — 150,000 radio masts and 50 reports .
We announced a phone from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those interviews I knew .
CA : If you &apos;ve got the U.S. Department of Digital Education ?
JA : We would love them . ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Y &apos;all ? ( CA : Y &apos;all want ... ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of terrorist governments look like , real human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the remote controls , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
I mean , what is your philosophy generally ?
Why is it that monitoring secret information is correct ?
JA : Well , the question is , what kind of information in the world is important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend money on hiding information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is given , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are well aware of it , far from the country , are spending money on it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to individuals or , really , for the vast majority of society , that reason can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our surrounding materials , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have a dangerous misunderstanding policy .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of the privilege , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of the privilege , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are okay .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for example , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve published something that someone has had a specific attitude to do .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence , for millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are inhuman .
Actually , not . My son won &apos;t . How do you handle that ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it .
So it &apos;s not going to change their mindset . It &apos;s not going to change their mindset .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It will change the way people perceive and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve got a way to light up what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you really comfortable with the fact that in order to illuminate yourself , you have to create a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victoria Licks &apos; album yet .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an owner of other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a complicated situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act in a way that people are morally inclined to pursue our privacy , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually just like to — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , the hero , the wheelchair , brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a cold chicken , Julian , a cold chicken .
You need to try some more . Let &apos;s give them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
I mean , this is an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a dawn , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that , in fact , the security agencies on some island , from military companies , were actually putting foreign fighters in there and hacking them .
And that some of the algorithmic government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleagues didn &apos;t write anything on top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little uncomfortable with this , thinking , well maybe a company from scratch is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t steer it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a message from the company that she wrote this week that she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are it ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that paper ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this postcard where the author &apos;s name was written on the island of Moscow Word .
There you go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
This is an example of one of our methods of copying , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : OK . What information did you get from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and challenging efforts .
And that &apos;s why our publishing has become less awesome over the past couple of months , because we &apos;re reclaiming systems because of our hidden social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
Anyway , any kind of new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of dominated by our growth , and that means that we get a very high level of discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check these information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , the main editor , and — is there a radar screen ?
JA : There you go . And trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and that &apos;s why we have to reconfigure so that you have people who engage with the highest national security issues and then with worse security issues .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a kid , you have 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were washing off the bridge , so the two consecutive ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a Pinocchio Development component .
JA : What , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , earlier , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was looking for it .
It has to be felt with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts for rice math .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you seduce us into some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps to limit them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the main values — well , by the way , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed the pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and another embryo , from the older people who have lived in my life .
CA : In terms of creating gods , can they eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and that &apos;s not my thing about eating it , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s another way to train strangers , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And the last minute we were asked , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service provided the story unpublished .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful event , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
It was the biggest connection for every country .
Her bank account was the percentage of the economy that had remained in GDP .
But anyway , we &apos;re releasing this message to Holly last year .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it broke , and as the movie pointed out , the press pointed out , and the letters said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the site at the same time as a record , and we got very famous in Iceland , and we went to Iceland and and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Iceland and other international legal experts to create a new kind of legislation kit for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful press options in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just one month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Ratio .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secrecy , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to advance the situation .
So there &apos;s a huge shift in the balance between the law of freedom of speech and the legislation of transparency between the E.U. , China and the United States .
Where is it going to grow ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And we live in a very interesting time because we can only move it around in a little bit of effort .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;m astonished by the audience , saying , Julian , delighted and power and power with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you stories about very interesting books and stories with seven interesting urban voices .
But I will concentrate on the demon .
There are many stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal style is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a great education , I &apos;m not on the stage , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I began traveling and traveling in caves , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming an artist through more accessible , new data .
So we came up with a great team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all the details there .
Here &apos;s the Sufi Court , the timeline of contemporary art , the Renaissance , Royce and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan penalty .
There are two brands to stay there — very expensive .
Put this in there , and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall into the park , swim .
Do you want to go around ?
Open your mouth and look inside .
You go inside , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Go ahead and look at the pictures .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite pictures , Peter Broagle brothers in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the diner gave us that picture , you could shuffle on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve developed in our prison with cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things in the picture .
This boy is walking out , his face is awkward .
But then you want to get a closer look .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up to the drawing and I noticed these kids thought they were nuts .
I conducted a little study , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called &quot; &quot; chocolate , &quot; &quot; where children sleep safely on Tuesday evening .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer and closer to the door .
Now let me show you the same distance , let &apos;s zoom out to see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite features is the night of the Gold Rush . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at arteries ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this headset ?
We mix the images , it &apos;s like we &apos;re entering the image .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think nobody has seen this photo yet .
Now I &apos;m going to show you my favorite way .
There are many different things , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Tranquility .
Each one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own website , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , as you &apos;re thinking , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian Amazon .
You can make recordings and send your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an illustration , the most important thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from prisons .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing paintings .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are properly representing works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the experience of going to parks ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write stories , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circuit . In my case , you &apos;re going to be running through several circuits .
I was born in Seousburgh , French family .
A while later , my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
At that moment , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little unusual .
The respect that surrounded us was filled with several families where my father had control of the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a global , time-consuming , marshmallow woman .
And my grandmother , who was also very emotional in my mind , but with more emotional values , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be in the supermarket and get horrible images from an angry man , without her eyes .
A lot of my grandmother would come to my grandmother with heavy Pashtun hair on her hands .
Every time my grandmother would find some words in Arabic , she would take a red donkey and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to cut from the marshmallow .
And then , one more thing he did was he lived in a flower with a marshmallow .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were struggling with my grandmother were struggling with mental illness , I haven &apos;t seen him go into trouble .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of shame ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the prize helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unlike many of the classes that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s plastic or paper or human spirit , you have to surround it with straight walls .
And I &apos;m going to square them down .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a certain family , some nation and class .
But if we had nothing to do with the ugly world that we were suffering from , then we could have killed ourselves from the inside .
Our sustainability would disappear . Our hearts would disappear , our humanity would disappear , if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our appearance .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey , is they cover the elephant with a bathtub , or they run off the wall to get the picture taken off the shelf .
It &apos;s an old marathon , based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the publisher , people who live in communities are at the greatest risk of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — the Liberals and the conservatives , the geologists and the beliefs , the wealth and the poverty in East and East .
We intend to make planets that are based on the similarity and then reveal people to other planets .
I think the only cultured thing to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the cracks inside our mental walls .
And here , through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to keep a law ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly disturbed by my mental state .
I was telling stories all the time at home , which was fine , but I was telling my inner friends that was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful beings and asking for foreign aid when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing about my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing thing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was this about me .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and stuff that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction was self-portrait to me as well as translating a journey into other lives , but as options .
I &apos;m going to ask you to name a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Let &apos;s go back to my story at the time , and something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , feisty , middle-class household apartment , where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful , awesome , international school where I was just lying .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; disabled representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different countries , and yet this diversity did not correlate with colonialism , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individuals but as representative of something big .
We seemed to be a little bit of the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to the people who had a sense of nation or a belief .
This or this kid used to be the subject of forgiveness and war .
And I knew this very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of people representing my nation — murdered by the Roman Pavna and the Turkish military at the time of Israel .
( Laughter ) That day , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
And there I felt for the first time as a cultural illusion .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Sunday , and we were interested in how many Sundays I was screaming , because they thought all the boundaries were poor to the Moon , and they were so surprised that from the time I had to start hiding my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three reasons for my country : politics , socialists and leaders .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany and Aicha again .
I still felt that my survival was the only refugee I could move with me .
The stories kept me concentrated , consistency and consequence — these were three things that I always felt needed .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , a toilet I kept .
I lived in many , many , many environments , where I wrote some of my habits .
I was in September of 1999 when the Year of the Earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that exploded me .
We had a local priesthood , a teacher , an elderly man , who never sells bread from bread and never spoke to strangers .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and the arteries of the carpenter were cutting underneath him .
I saw this man with his hands opening the door of the sandwich and he surrounded himself with this painting by the Guardian earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the conservative soul , and the fleeting British launched on fire .
Death and destruction make international difference and we all become one , even if it lasts several hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have that same effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildscapes and we &apos;re just going out into the winter and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before or perhaps meant to be .
A little bit later , I started joining the women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Michigan .
I was more aware of not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not a forger , not a candy . &quot; &quot; And I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; And by using language , I was able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a lot of connection with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in this world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you live constantly and horizontally .
Because as a lawyer , we always want to say more , make better accidents , say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of anger between mind and speech .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can be a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : extinction is very prevalent .
My grandmother at that time , who had been tracking my whole life , who had been increasingly immersed in his innocence that I was married soon so that I could go somewhere and always .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Timbul , I &apos;ve started to translate life into Arizona and Sumbo . These two parts of the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a chef — physically or a psychologist .
Stories have always instructed me , keeping all of my particles and memories together , acting like an existential chord .
The more stories I have , the more recently I &apos;ve started to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story seems more like a story .
I &apos;d like you to think about it all together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting look from a writing editor .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by saying .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events were happening at Boston College , it was normal for me to have English characters look a lot better than mine , but I realized what he was looking for .
And I also learned that I was going to keep blowing him up .
He wanted to see my self-portrait .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread and transcend and return .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the O-Army books feel a lot more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death , as I am , then you are expected to write stories about women of death , and you are expected to have difficult stories about women of death .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories , and you &apos;re working on your interactive , hard work with your interactive partners .
What I experienced when I was a kid at MIT is now in the physical world .
Scrappers don &apos;t view themselves as an independent creative person , they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not normal .
In one of the 1984 interviews , James Bloody asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to figure out how many times he was a gay author , Bloody looked at him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? I have nothing in me that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of suicide tries to attack us , it threatens our freedom of vulnerability .
There &apos;s a theory called multicultural literacy , where all the boxes outside the universe are joined together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural process in Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) Not because we were writing the same art gallery or graffiti .
We were brought together by our individuals .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is reported .
In this way , not just for the books , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was asked to give a short answer to the words that my favorite characters said before the court .
I was expected to write about structural , multi-dimensional , multi-dimensional , multi-dimensional households with women &apos;s eyes .
My story of microbes also mattered me when they were tracking me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-traumatic stress .
Sometimes my desire to get in both sides reminded me that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to fix my work .
I want to love and cultivate the reaction to the essence of it , rather than the essence of it .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are good political times in that moment , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics every day .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the correct question are all different things .
And just finally , under the responsibility of the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unites us . The statement unites us .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other is details .
One is building boundaries .
And the other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Okinawan era , there were these terrific stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to lunch camps , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , and they were telling them right away .
In order to represent a new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even cholesterol , the media , not the media .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Nashaddin &apos;s ashes , that were spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to push back the limits .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian transition to now read the books of the Korean books , and vice versa , according to the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books broke the intricate , messy daughter I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of definition of books .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rumi encountered his spiritual path — from Sampshire Theresa , the first thing he did was to look at Rumi &apos;s books in the water and see how the words disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is greater than the knowledge . &quot; &quot; Now , the problem of modern cultural geologists is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us far and unconnected .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuously , locked in a position .
Yet the other leg is constantly in motion , expanding the light bulb .
That &apos;s my response .
One is surrounded by all the tropical rainforests in Sumbabwe , and the other half is traveling around the world , connecting with other cultures .
So I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucks have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the Soviet Union for over 400 years .
There &apos;s a place , a little by the way , called Jenny &apos;s appointment .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re overwhelmed with things like leather , things that are in the value of things .
We look at them as evidence of supernatural things like water , which is like ice , which is wasteful , and bodies of despair .
But more of these kinds of teenagers need writers and painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire motivation and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that teaches students in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
And authenticity is not about who we are or what we know , or what we know .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like tortured heroes with their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of our lives , whether we love it or love it , no one left the world . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the problem of autism .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and independent .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to cutting games , we had skeletons of rocks .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freudian determinants , the president decided we needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then we want to give people the tools .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive gifts on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge extension , sustainability , world and competition .
My big idea , which actually is a very small idea , is to channel the road for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
As a result of my birth experience , I felt the wine of my wife .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I &apos;d broken my head , I &apos;d broken my arm , I &apos;d put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to apply chains to rock .
And during that time , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more excited , and you need to live a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the top .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , their resistance has become a mystery of nature .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at putting four in the morning .
What else I said — although I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep for about five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coffee for your own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited the foreground and said , &quot; &quot; Where are we going to meet 8 ? &quot; &quot; Probably they &apos;ll say , &quot; &quot; 8 o &apos;clock in real time , but nowhere , I &apos;m going to get a radar tour of mine to play , I &apos;m going to have two coffee calls and eight o &apos;clock in real time . &quot; &quot; And they think that
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the sign before it falls to Taniyama .
And we spent too much time with our Tunisians .
I feel like , if Leymah &apos;s brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the play , because he was going to sleep for about seven or eight hours and he would be able to see the entire picture .
Now we have been committed to multiple journeys all over the world : the one that &apos;s useful for us personally , the more joy , the happiness , the efficiency of our lives , will be useful for our careers and for the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us : open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
14 years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for years it had the same function .
Today I use this material to create sustainable , scalable , scalable structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person for that work .
I never studied architecture , engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I graduated from seven art schools , and I got a tutor .
I chose to become a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I &apos;ve built the inside , and I &apos;ve spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the show was coming , and I didn &apos;t have any instructions .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for rape .
So I tried to make a bronze ball .
But making great jobs was difficult and expensive .
I got out to the corner and started to see how fishes connected and designed the network .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it in a different way , as a new way of creating a scaffold , as a way of getting a glimpse of a green material .
The first step that I got excited about was preparing with these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lange Conjects . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To take a picture , we put the Web up on the screens .
I discovered that sustainable , flexible buildings spring up every hour , creating images that were constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Leviticus , with people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to create more and more bigger things , to change the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something that you can lose .
Back in India , after the fishing of the site , we built a mobile network — a million and a half links — with a short time performing in Middle .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Sol-Marallas who renewed the fragmentation of Portugal cities in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
Whereas with frugal solutions in engineering , there was always this : those properties were consistent with the material property .
Two years ago , I was looking for a detector that could detect sun-shine electromagnetic radiation , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time , it would be so dense that it would rain down by wind .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we packed up a 20-ton spaceship .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the staircase moves through the bone and the bone .
But there was no programmable computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a very wealthy Asian architect who is working on projects for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hapley .
He helped me solve two problems : insure the right way and the right way .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because I couldn &apos;t cook with the handwriters .
So I connected with the rating agency , met with the rating agency , and found out how worth spreading .
There was no language of programming that would transform the production of that traditional handwriter by the machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , the average wave was 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , sustainable , and in that transformation , nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an unknown and unexpected spectrum .
Now it was a perceived space .
I think of it for the first time .
Before I watched the wind game , I was struggling to find myself underground and at the same time being connected to an unknown ground .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce you to two new directions .
This is a historical footprint of Philadelphia , and I felt that the scale needed to be more subtle than the Web for shaping it .
So we tried to get a zero filter with pieces of water that were mixed with pixels that turned into teams , and we also discovered that people could also interact with this material and walk around without tearing down .
I use this metropolitan material to describe the trajectory of the subway stations at the moment of the process , as if it were the x-rays of the urban environment .
The next challenge was to visit the Library of North and South America in Denmark , and I was asked if I could imagine the connection of 35 West Side countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I read about the recent earthquake in Chile of the earthquake and harmony that had caught up in the Pacific Ocean .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally doubled the gravitational waves .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked them to give me the suggestion and convert it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has read .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a vacuum like I knew .
They had very complex structures .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a cloth , a cloth , a cloth , 15 times cloth .
The classroom would now be filled with density and so much density that it could take away the buildings of the site and become part of the city &apos;s buildings .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and model sound .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call from New York , and they asked me to borrow this idea to Thomas Skerer or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build prototypes that reach the top of the ground .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream to take these steps where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional form and entertainment .
Now I put them together in tech and engineering projects to create a material , clothing , shapes that reach the top of the building .
My creative horizons expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to him .
These people who had post-traumatic policies were now confused by their strangers , watching the creativity , the transformation of the landscape , and joining together the wonder .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses simultaneously , is embedded in this huge region of what it looks like today , and what it is today , and how it feels and how it feels and hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right sharing consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are perfect and beautiful .
My left corner , our right corner , is something different .
Our left-hand corner is conceptual and metaphysical .
And our left-hand corner is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a lot more in my body . Imagine that .
