By the time you get older , about a billion people on this planet are going to be actively social networking .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And this is what made me think about this : this is the blog written by Dr. Miller earlier this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally died of cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this site is going to be turned purely . &quot; &quot; Because Mill was a journalist , his head was probably better written and more sensitive , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is very different from the things that were being created by the computer .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Right now , every minute , YouTube is uploaded to 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;re going to be better off creating some pictures and economic news , or an agenda stuck inside a box .
And we &apos;re all now creating this amazing rich digital machine that will stay behind us for years and years and years after we die .
I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what is going to happen to our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I got quite excited when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Music ) Adam Oustria : Bear .
Murray : Is that ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble idifie.net until very late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit awesome , right ?
That service just allows you to create a communication or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 Empires .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones online , with videos , with photos and narratives that may be posted after you died .
But the things that happen in the future seem more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
So that the ability of cars to understand human language and generate large amounts of data is still improving , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of accountability , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think eventually our digital identities can continue to communicate with the real world much less than we die because of all the content that we create , and thanks to technology , the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the outcomes can be very happy .
You can imagine what this would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , when we developed our technology skills .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots could communicate with the characteristics of certain people based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous opening room , which was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN hello musician whi-fi music held a column in their studio to interview Andresson Coughs .
What if we could use this technology to recapitulate the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate relatively closely with the entire account that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is completely possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technology to understand them are rapidly progressing .
Now , to summarize , what all of us have to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the boundary of life and everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in art technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) Basically , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our time , and at that time , our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Web that has created something universal , something real and authentic .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a solid steel .
A 5.25 degree C driver wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
When we keep procrastinating , the mycelium goes down , it says 0600KO78RUS .
It &apos;s not used in any way .
Studied by understanding the meaning .
As a matter of fact , I started Googling .
But unfortunately , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them pointed out that if it &apos;s over RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Citywide , you can find this in certain mobile phones , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Sainsburgh .
And after several studies , we finally discovered this WEB site . This guy worked for several years .
It has its own website , it has its own website , it has its blog in Live Journal , and in this blog it &apos;s writing about his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend . And he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is behaving .
Mercedes-Benz , with 6,600 V126 millimeters , more than 400 movements . This is a car for 20 children in Sanskrit .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was tortured .
It &apos;s in the center of Sanskrit .
He &apos;d rented another car . And he &apos;d post pictures of his blog .
( Laughter ) Here &apos;s his Maestreader — there &apos;s Ladida Somara , who was kidnapped . You can see the president of Summer .
It ends at 78RUS if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What happens if crime breaks down ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t work that way .
The vast majority of clicks .
We don &apos;t know where the answers come from . If we can find criminals .
It &apos;s often hypocrisy . It doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I &apos;d like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it &apos;s not .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable treatment controller , and what drives our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually running one of these . And if Stuxnet is running one of these things .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
The Internet , for example , is dominated by electricity , obviously , from the work of computers . And this is really creating .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So preparation suggests that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , when things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
I &apos;m going to talk about mind-wandering , mind-wandering , and I &apos;m going to tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If one day you don &apos;t have them for anything , I &apos;m the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that it &apos;s because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life defending the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re going to lose everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need more inclusive , more inclusive .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of trying to find out what criminals are — these organized groups that are going to eat millions of assets . This is more important than offensive .
Creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering people who are standing there , and more importantly , we need to find those who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to do first is introduce you to this : It will only take you two minutes to change your body .
But before that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
All of us are attracted to the body language and to the character .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the subjects that occur during the intersection are inexorable qualities , the world &apos;s appearances , or inexorable eyeglasses , all the way down to simple handling .
First of all , here they go to the conductor &apos;s office .
Even BBC and New York Times .
And that is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement — namely , sociologists — we call that non-verbal — we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnection .
There are many reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make false beliefs and false beliefs .
And they can have a critical meaning in critical circumstances of life , such as the acceptance of human labor or , or the marrow of time .
For instance , the Nobel Prize researchers at Tufts University found that when people watch a full 30 seconds of single-patient visits and patient transmission , their doctor &apos;s love will be judged by their doctor &apos;s delight , so no .
And therefore they should be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions , our bodies , are on the overall level .
And so what kind of communication do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-quality business school , and it was unexpected that I would start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the non-zero-sum dynamics of power and power .
What do you think are the ways in which power and authority don &apos;t respond ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger , bigger , bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jesse Tracy has looked at this sentence that is known as pride and discovery .
Hands up , write to us , lay down , don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When we have a strong and self-confident identity , we , independently , will fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
In addition , they do almost two things .
Whereas others act as if they &apos;re inside , as soon as the audience is inside , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less acceptable than men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed .
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because the value is so limited to participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
So I started dealing with , for example , the university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are ideas to suggest , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we &apos;re supposed to cheat , the boy is violated with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit more happy .
It works twice . It works twice .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is , we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can our body change the behavior of our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are they different from each other ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and good .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a winner when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it actually depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong chef , a high level of testosterone , but who is responding to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indeed , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the sketches of humans .
You shake it , you shake it .
He &apos;s beating the dog .
This is what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here &apos;s the results of the testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes , and this is the result .
And this is what happened to cortisol .
It turns out that our body language decides not just from the environment , but from ourselves .
Also , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use this as a way of valuing your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression on your face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers can &apos;t do it .
And the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea about the conditions of hypothesis or experiment .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shaping everything until it &apos;s done .
The answer was , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be a geek .
When I was 19 , I was driving .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem comes in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not done .
that I am independent .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do it . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small changes can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
This is how you should do it . You should focus your ideas .
Use your level of testosterone , lower your cortical level .
Let me give you a place to think you haven &apos;t shown your capacity .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest challenge .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; extreme environments , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest challenges ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people are suffering from learning .
One billion people are out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but we can &apos;t do it now .
We can &apos;t actually solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the issue ahead ?
And I want to give you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , aggression , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , borrowing and borrowing , integrating population , social conditions and water , suburbia and foreign aid .
We think speculation includes some of the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving the overall problem , it &apos;s about solving the overall problem .
And then you get , of course , more complicated .
Climate change should be solved by the response of Citizen .
Displaced diseases need to be solved by hospitals and mosquitoes .
Companies are using force and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an immense amount of privilege — write what you think about the major transcendence .
And also — and this is where economic inequality is — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the end of the show ?
Please , 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just notice that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and some of which are less greatest .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big piece of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure that we &apos;ll have these opinions going forward , asking you to think , how do we actually define translation ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been edited ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be at the top of the index .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more systems that don &apos;t show the first one completely understanding that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a generosity , any kind of generosity , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make progress in a two-dimensional way , but in a non-linear fashion , of course , it &apos;s harder to do that than actually doing in terms of generations and following it and talking about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t understand the wine , we didn &apos;t understand the quantity .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big manta , but you didn &apos;t know anything about genes .
For example , you check the box , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small mission , right ?
He would like to know all that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is what Copernican Convention did .
We gathered 30 of the world &apos;s top economists , three of them on each side .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Similarly with infectious diseases .
The top three scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that cost ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the best economists in the world , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; At Cambridge University , we marvelously decided to call them Rebel Masjid .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And what they did was , in essence , a series of generations .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which one of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with an exhibition that said there are bad programs , like programs where investment per dollar makes more disparate income .
There are good , good , good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here with some good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with some of the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see at the end of the show , climate change is .
A lot of people will do this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to get back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreement with your measurements .
Why are they saying that doing something worse than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is simply because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citi Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It &apos;s two to three times overhead of the developing world &apos;s developing countries for the most profitable means .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
Amongst all models , it &apos;s going to track down global warming by 2100 in just six years .
That means a guy in Bangladesh who &apos;s going to stop at 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to achieve some kind of outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , can solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can make sure that all the people in the world have access to clean drinking water , safe conditions , primary health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money doing nothing positive ?
Or with that money , doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we had all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s just not our first problem .
The last project you &apos;ll notice is that I &apos;m not going to take all of you out there — disease , health care , basic services — and get a little higher in this desire , because , yes , health care is so important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , all of this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , lots of scenarios and water projects are coming along .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressed in the first generations of programs in the world .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people a year are being trafficked by malaria .
Coast can even make up a percentage of those in the United States .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that number .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of a billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that they need to solve , and certainly in the short term , and the problem of global warming .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can reach out and specifically reduce subsidize subsidize subsidize in the United States and in the United States , we can lead a new global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year to an astonishing rate of half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually pull two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very effective tools to address the food problem , particularly in the form of microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffering from diet , soda , da and vitamin A.
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV .
The first is treatment , and the second is treatment , prevention .
And again , in the perfect world , we both did .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is much more expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in preventive programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do a good thing with treating the X number and making things 10 times better .
And again , we will focus more on prevention because of treatment .
It really makes us think about our generations .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you right ?
Or did you get there ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , just for the sake of climate change , which is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These are problems where we can change a lot , not a lot .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is a very good shape .
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most urgent predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they will be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping the 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need our help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be insurance , say a rich Chinese , or a Chinese , or a Congolese person in 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really taken care of my grandfather or a cousin much more with that power and
It doesn &apos;t even coincide with our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , above all , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; Afterwards Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emerica to choose a Brad Pitt for his next film to attempt a snake in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not a movie prophecy .
So in many ways , I think that the whole discussion of Copenhagen and generations address some of the challenges that we face .
So we can realize that this is not a good feeling .
And it &apos;s not to create the framework for the media &apos;s attention , it &apos;s to create the foundation for better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the perfect world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re in a solution to all the big problems suddenly .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
That &apos;s what I &apos;m saying .
If any of you could tell Bucky about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go back and think about the best generations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick taste : Do we really have the right output ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
They only need two seconds . They need to learn English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly step out of the supply chain , and they did so , and they proposed their own testimony .
And what was really interesting was that the same exhibition was the problem of eradication and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did the same thing many times .
A lot of other semesters came together and a lot of students came .
They basically met with the same show .
And that gave me great hope , really , and I can say that I believe we should go some way to think about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we &apos;re going .
I view Copernican as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
We &apos;re also beginning to think about the right way for the world .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives us a lot of money , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if we do things that we don &apos;t do and we
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start not worrying about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define our generations and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I traveled with Prussian , Red Island to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were a young man and a factory , so we picked a path that runs across national boundaries and national debris , in short order , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in rural Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that has been taking me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hyperbole mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me immediately .
In the first century , the dancer who is sitting perfectly illustrates that phrase .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the signals that we see that have a Chinese character on them . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing because he knows what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , here &apos;s the famous Chinese character for the butterfly . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : Why do we sometimes misunderstand the signals that surround us , and how do we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now , you may be surprised to know that I &apos;m on this path of a strange career like this , but actually I have a lot of advantage , an exclusion of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not blaming ourselves for thinking we can be wrong .
Obviously , we understand that very well .
We all know that everybody in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hero comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , here in the present time , seem to be theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something I &apos;m missing .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we stand today , we vote in present , we vote in present day .
In fact , we all live our lives in a small bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So what I want to talk about today is , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most precious , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Incredible . Very bad .
Shot . Okay , great .
Awful , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese Hirglory .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where a short coat is always hanging on , but never gets to a rocket .
Now , in most parts of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist comes down after the bird , and the bird rolls down the hill , which is normal , because he &apos;s flying and he can fly .
But the mirror is running behind it .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re like that mirror when he &apos;s running through the air , but not looking down .
We &apos;ve already been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything is fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a constructive reason , that makes us insist on staying in the belief of our own rights .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal that tells us we &apos;re wrong , until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us believe that we should always be right , and that relates to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is divided by surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a meme , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in the school , and you know exactly what you think you should do about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he &apos;s creating disorders , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that achieving success in life are bigger than mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , supervisor .
I always say , head-tail-head , athletic , moral compass .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs and actors and morticians .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , smart , hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgical .
He &apos;s unaware , the surgeon is doing his job , putting up the paintings and letting the patient go to his bedroom for recovery .
Everything seems like a good thing .
The woman stands up and looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting flawed in the cereal ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she &apos;s getting it wrong is because the surgeon has surgered her left leg instead .
When the hospital &apos;s Health Leader gave a talk about accidents , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon believed that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest , the belief that we all often have is not that trustworthy advocate for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can make mistakes , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million clean oil or deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel the right thing .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain that in the same way , by making a series of non-Arabic assumptions .
First of all , when someone makes a disagreement , we simply assume that they are unknown .
It doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give it that information , it will see the truth and connect to the number of colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they willingly confuse it to their unnecessary goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our collection tends to prevent us from falling prey when it is necessary for us , which makes us do something horrible to each other .
But to me , the most extraordinary and extraordinary thing is that it loses the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross-section window , and we look out that window and we draw life .
We want everybody to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it does , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
It &apos;s about seeing the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for the same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Drake said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine , thinking and writing this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I am wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a mutual event in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or sacrifice .
It fundamentally affects us as humans .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we try to geologically find the answer .
I think the pursuit of this molecule is the source of our productivity and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about this conversation called This American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m dead .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating with him .
So I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake in order to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our procrastinators , are going to silence those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the fluctuations and occasional relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something &apos;s going on , but instead something else is happening .
George Burke thought he was going to go to Iraq , find a massive eradication , release people and bring peace to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violent of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she was too old or too ill and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and grow up as kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very fancy book , something that everybody was putting aside for a small group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , this conference is an incredible emphasis on our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the wonderful things that should change the world , TED 1998 , oh .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
I have another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the relation of wonder .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of that little space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the coherence , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , November 2005 , a guy named Ella Sheikh Nosee found himself in a hotel in Manhattan and killed the leader of Liberia May , the Chief of Liberia Research .
Nozoa originally thought of as impenetrable murder , but at the same time , spending time on small metropolitan areas , he and other people began to set assignments on dozens of New York City areas that include kidneys , synagogues and NGOs .
Fortunately , those plans were detected by an IFF official .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the Middle East didn &apos;t resist .
The nest maintenance workers are going to be tested for intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and an American mother and a teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with themselves , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to employ all the possible means for other people to live like themselves .
A few months ago , she sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends went to a certain extent to rebuild Leonardo .
He told me that morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which had no knowledge whatsoever from our group .
When my hero was ready , my father helped me hold my hand and explained to me how he had been treated for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , my last flashlight , caught up with a little light on top of the track , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was blowing up the whole track .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My father , my father , my father . &quot; &quot; As a father .
They all laughed at it a little bit , but only a few years later , I totally realized what they thought was so ridiculous .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
That guy , eventually , would be sacrificed to put 1,500 pounds of pedestrian traffic on the World Trade Center subway station that killed six people and 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called marriages , which means tomato .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving another city .
By the time I was a new face in the classroom , I was always attracted to death .
I would hide myself in the classroom not to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more than enough in the classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books or watching television or video games .
Because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up in a global family , I wasn &apos;t prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgage , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the early 2000s in presidential elections .
With my Cologne projection , I was able to participate in the National Youth Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending most of my life as an attempt to win , which was something that I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
At the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a hero .
It took a few days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural divide between us .
I had never had a dear friend , and honestly , I felt the pride that I was able to win that chapter that I had believed most of my life was impossible .
Another surrounding fact came when I found a summer job in Buck Grence , in the fun zone .
There , I was subjected to various beliefs and cultures , and that experience became a role in my development of nature .
I &apos;ve learned that comparison is a man , and frankly , all drugs have an extraordinary effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers throughout the market , and soon I found that many of them are the least educational people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand-in-hand baby , I was raised to feel empathy for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat many people in a different way than I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to confront graphies that were taught in my childhood through real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something that is beyond my power .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Progress often can come from places that are unexpected , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own dysfunctional father , which has never been lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about the change in my world , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked me in the eyes of an eye who had enough depression for a lifetime and said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that moment , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that diet going .
Free Embrace is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the connection to my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this in the hope that maybe one day , someone who is committed to using violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by that violence , the inconvenient idea , but I wasn &apos;t the only one .
Instead , I chose to use my attempt to combat terrorism , malaria .
I do that for the spirits of terrorism and their loved ones , the terrible suffering and loss that the terrorism has brought to them .
For the spirit of terror , I &apos;m going to speak against these unconventional acts , and I &apos;m going to launch my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special to any religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow his father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
Imagination represents what they decide to be .
&quot; &quot; Clouds &quot; &quot; matter to me .
I want to know the people who are standing behind my lunch lady .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re listening .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for the water industry to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of what &apos;s going on in terms of applications to rebuild our ecosystem .
It allows us to browse the abyss that we are thrilled with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The reverse engineering and the dynamic system gives us an opportunity and embraces our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and explore the capacity of the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence that the standard method for most people in the field of conservation is very common , they &apos;re smart tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , buy your glass , remove your shirt , think about buying your medicine again .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat pancreas in green .
We cannot do that continuously if we measure its success by changing the frequency of the kinds that are contained in yellow and red .
But what if we were to eat just the vegetables ?
This includes a cardboard Thunnus alcohol , a non-dangerous species .
A card was raped and not bombed .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But it &apos;s a big deal , a big deal .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I call it a 450 letter scale ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , a limitation of our actions .
For instance , I &apos;ve heard that red wine is very healthy , nitrogen dioxide and minerals are very healthy for the heart .
Okay . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times will you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition to that , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The problem is that we conceive of that value as an asset .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by accepting the fact of ignorance .
And we hide that value under the income of vaccines .
So the notion of resurrection is that it matters what we need .
The biggest performing arts can be represented not by Joey , not by Philips or by Giordanes , but by Goly Gene .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is a new color .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that a broccoli can be considered a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them all the time .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part of the repertoire is that it &apos;s halfway through — one with a series of Toby and one with a series of centimeters .
It &apos;s picked up by a 142-gram pipe filled with Dijon bag and a needle filled with lead boxes and quinoa filled with colorful chalk , decorated with broccoli so soft and cold , a little carbon dioxide , and it &apos;s picked up by a Japanese tag .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing about it is that all those components are available for all the families that live in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America from the times we now eat .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget meditation . We should be afraid of bribes .
We de-animated the Earth and then used the food that we produced to harness our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a matter of deception , but fat is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walers are the leading force of the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that doesn &apos;t care about food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our mouth .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade to eat an unconditioned foie gras .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for heart is very important in restorative food .
While we reduce public policy , media chooses to increase its use of revenue .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
That &apos;s the part I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our clients .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to minimize the dimensions in penises .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they wouldn &apos;t cheat .
People spent more time eating their food and connecting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the things that got less white .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They got healthier . I made more money .
Okay .
The environmental approach was delivered to each of these dimensions , but it was simultaneously demonstrated in the human window .
The other thing we did was that we started multiplying various types of representatives — little fluctuations , nebulae , syringe , syringe , syringe .
The bride , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common sorts of allies .
We direct the branches towards more density , towards more polarizing , repair differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can rebuild our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big indicators , those patterns , the green wish , that I talked earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very much like any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start a big fish with 450 grams .
Take the fish . Take the fish for four parts .
Put them in four pennies .
Take those four pennies in the prison and then open up the best bar in Bourgeoisie , the five mayors and the thumb .
Give it a chance to eat it .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and maybe twice the year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think producing ingredients , producing food and food , is part of human interest .
My dad was a great cook .
And I learned very early on about the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included a white pill , and they were dealing with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brown pile .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a gas station .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s like a cloud of protein .
Incredible .
But the most frightening thing that you &apos;ll hear about and hear about our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the biggest number of times that your mother was right .
Three articles .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For obscure purposes , I &apos;m looking for usable components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , slow , exciting things that I don &apos;t think will be good .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come from my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to get rid of this idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just a presence of our resources , it &apos;s also a global world that we call a process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to start sharing the rest , we &apos;re going to start talking , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save the fish .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of AIDS .
Here &apos;s my artist &apos;s name for Sing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation of Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Mandela was carrying when Robben was incarcerated .
Here I am with my boss , Jesus D. , one of the most fascinating moments of my life .
The next day , all of the artists were invited by Robbins to come together in Manila , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global monument standing in front of his former prison camp .
And you see the window here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madeira found herself in the world that there &apos;s a real disaster in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in multiple states , and that the disaster response is dominated by a group of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the AIDS epidemic had this direct effect on women .
So I did my job when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went on to participate in every 464 organization that I was present to , and I looked at the monolithies , the interviews , the ones that I was most concerned with as a musician , and added to all of my incarceration and disability to their cause .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is developing Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS ?
I think if I go out and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;re just going to drop .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet Qaeda , who is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , based on an unbelievable part of the court and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 applications .
He was wearing a kind of a sweatshirt that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live in HIV .
And so because this trailer is like a consumer &apos;s depot , it &apos;s like , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be dependent . I became involved with the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live on the ground floor .
They have education programs .
They face issues associated with conflict .
The act of doing it is really quite controversial .
And yes , my Song programmer is supporting Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS and raise money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I was able to get , went immediately to the Treatment Action Campaign and donated it to the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my Sing Army .
In Singing , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oslo , New York , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly with a whiteboard , medieval sub-African audience , who eventually started disappointing , because I &apos;m using my film that really captures the heart of this terrible variability and its whole nature that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re passionate and they really don &apos;t know what the solutions are .
Aaron Mololayne , the former health of today , was also presented to this choir , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he instantly became comfortable with the improvements in those fields that are so necessary .
And this is from Scotland .
Then I became an IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my own experience , and I was again trying to increase the levels of HIV .
Here &apos;s a woman in Edinburgh with the wonderful African children at the National Champs-Electric Channel , whom I just parked .
And just like these kids , there are many babies who are already there because their parents have been HIV-positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Seidb , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , the great fortune was Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become an AIDS victim at UNAIDS .
And that &apos;s exactly how I encourage my talks to expand my vocabulary .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby in 2015 .
This is a pretty common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political officials .
This is immediately possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we are beating , and we are both arrested , because we are very confident that this young woman is being treated and therefore has her life repeated so that she can take care of the child who is going to bring about the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a transmitted baby by preventing the baby from being born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of a virus at the beginning of life .
This is the way we should be approaching the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell all of them his story because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been separated from AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was infected with HIV ; she died of AIDS .
Avelil was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she was already diagnosed with AIDS , and she was suffering from seizures .
We met her in one of the hospitals in East Capitown , and we got a full-blown baby after her .
And doctors and nurses simply did not see .
They had a special meal for the girl , who followed and saved her beautifully .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was leaving the hospital — because we recorded his story — whether he would win this .
So clearly , it was a very emotional meeting that gave us intangible memories , this baby , you know , you know her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I swear to God , I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve been duped because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This view of disappointment is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Alicia .
Suppose you &apos;re doing this kind of transformation .
So I want to encourage all of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother in the world has the right to get nutritional and effective health care , and you believe in the Developing World Heritage Development Goals — particularly in the fifth and fifth institutions in the world , which all governments in the world need to be independent — particularly in Africa , can you
I think I would be right if I said that nearly everybody in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good luck . Completion is a wonderful way to go a step further than reality , and it allows us to do what science is going to do today .
As a grown-up , I &apos;m putting together the elements of intimacy and science so that you can feel your own future technologies .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street and the world that you see is increasing information — names , lights , buildings , maybe one day even on the street names of the street .
This is my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a nightmare .
When you look through the roof , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
Right . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it , we know .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The flag is ready . The flag is transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different indicators : love , green , cold and cold .
Places are among the top managers that have different interpretations .
Now , some people think four cues are four cues a year .
Ooh , wind , wind , blood and — Voice : My favorite line is shade . MT : Yes , yes .
Death is like magic . It &apos;s like heating , when heat is turned into ice , water is dead , and then everything is gone .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Each one of these players represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : So here &apos;s the information , there &apos;s the process , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful leaders of the neighborhood .
MT has two colors .
Here &apos;s the crane and the light that warms up the overnight and the thermostat reform .
Voice : Milo , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the tricks that the toy has 52 cards , like it &apos;s 52 weeks old .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep dreaming . ( Beep ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t get real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was at the age of six , that I had received my first birthday prescription , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , talking about growth in addition to boys and girls , men and women , husbands and even their grandchildren . ( Applause ) Who are they ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s not fair .
Wake up .
Jack . Hey , MT . Are you ready for that ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I advise my client .
MT : Be careful . Jack . Hi , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : The toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we make it grow ? How should it work ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course this is all operational . Some people will say growth is the operation of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; just , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Actually , the truth isn &apos;t so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , which is how you divide your cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yeah , but I think my players are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream was fulfilled . MT : And so I got to the last and most important toy , which is the toy .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not vital to virtual , so no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true , no matter what .
MT : Good luck . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during my 30th anniversary .
This is part of the everyday job description .
I &apos;ve never been that tall .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My students were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the welfare , the happiness and the survival of the street .
When I was younger , I was really struggling , unsafe and totally afraid of people afraid , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I was finishing my semester , and I was going to go out and I was singing my thoughts , playing with my dad , just like I did when I heard a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity and length of observation were there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reconstruct what I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t whether or not it was an odd and unexpected way , although I noticed that the sound wave was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own unexpected feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I often did when I was accustomed to hide my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student in television who was interviewing news at the university , and at a meeting with a mentor , which was very late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
This was the moment that things got going faster .
I started with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was exposed to a tremendous amount of hopelessness and awkwardness in terms of myself and my films .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not like an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is about it and addressing it more strictly .
At that time , this represented , in fact , the acceptance of my own personal narrative , a kind of spiritual political war , and this inspired a lot of the sounds that were coming into play and becoming monumental .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , hopelessness , uncertainty and uncertainty began , and this was a struggle in which I felt helpless and unable to achieve peace and intelligence in a way .
Two years later , the test was deterministic .
Until now , I had a whole repertoire of work — awful sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and confusing walls .
Now , looking back at those years of frustration and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at that time , until somebody else had saved .
A crappy , disconnected person began that journey , but that person who had arrived had been saved and ultimately became the person I was lucky enough to be .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and they &apos;re poor compared to the memories that I used .
I know Eleanor would win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in bed , but the summer is coming . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and charming people who fought for me and me , and those who expected me to come back from that feeling alone .
It was very difficult to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning that I had described as the literal truth .
For instance , the sounds that were buried on my house I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real bug .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sound consumption that I really believed .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Then do one .
Do you know I &apos;m Palestinian ? &quot; &quot; My war .
With all this knowledge , I recently assembled the feedbacks that I had saved , with a sound that was expressed by each of these drugs , I was increasingly doing psychiatry again , only this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Ivory Coast , being part of the international organizational movement of people listening to sounds , a company that had its idea from Professor Marie Rome and Dr. Sandy Escher , who perceived the way to listen to sounds is compared to survival strategy , to normal reaction , not to a specific part of the physiology , which requires a different kind of
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way to develop .
In the words of suffering , social change , if it is , is affordable .
I can &apos;t pretend to be a proud person .
I can &apos;t tell the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created , in 26 countries across five continents , cooperating in advanced levels of dignity , connectivity and rights , extends the movement of people who have mental illness to create new languages and hope that represents unusual trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , the animal is made up of a prosthetic device that is attempted to treat with the basic skill and use this flexible ability .
In this way , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the patient &apos;s treatment to be able to witness , to engage in aid , to share suffering and to hope for healthcare .
We are a miracle . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside us can never really be culturalized or changed or eliminated .
Light never comes out .
Once a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what other people have said about you .
You bet on you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are the images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with my early interest to paint , but it was slightly different , because the process in the filter paper is in more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a beard , the process is over when you shake the button .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , they have a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both stained and colored , but they all have a common goal to preserve a piece of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw these pictures , but I always want them to look like they might look like they might be able to take a picture of them .
The images that we need to think a little bit about are the ones we need to discover .
And this has come up with more ideas than I &apos;ve ever imagined .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the leader ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we visualize the world and how we can call it the reality of the size .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it in terms of the features of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them to one another , to get an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in another way , by being combined , they can create something else that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we blame our brains , because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photographs are more real , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to get us to where we are .
As you can see , these pictures are not that special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the pictures that contain must have the same identity .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures also fit together with two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that you cannot differentiate where you start and end up with your own images , and make them without interference .
You have to discover any idea about how to make pictures .
By comparing colors , concentration and illumination between the boundaries of different images , by adding graphs , like depth , by mixing colors and increasing numbers , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a picture can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the different pictures taken from places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case , you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea stuck , I knew I had months to prepare to find various places to get this picture .
For example , this fish was caught in fishing .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
A fraction of the character was painted in the brick .
And one of the things I &apos;d like to do is , I &apos;ve turned the lights down to make it look a little bit more urban .
Really , it &apos;s about planning .
I &apos;m always beginning with an ecstasy , an idea .
And I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
That &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Johannes , a great golfer .
It turns out that Vikelixes , your little daughter , in the last few years , have been publishing more classified documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can that be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media is doing so bad that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s monkey is doing together ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we might say , classical discovers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Belgium to use legal protection .
We get information in a common ground , whether it &apos;s registered or not , in a general media organization like a regular media organization , and we establish a form that is sometimes very difficult when you talk about a lot of information , when you talk about a lot of information , whether it &apos;s science , and then we &apos;re protected from unexpected legal and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any puzzle , then we can probably ignore it .
( Gunshot ) Great .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , and he &apos;s asking what the code is for TED . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s see an example .
This is what happened a few years ago on your side .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is the first story of a few years in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crill &apos;s friend .
This was a secret investigation event that was run by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was headed by Daniel Arthur Mau for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphy forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk , and they spent about two million pounds on a conversation that was going on .
And then governments stopped it , and as a political solution , they used Moi D. , who was the wealthiest man , and still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — national elections , 128 .
When we reported that conversation , we reported three days after the new project , Kiva , the new project , decided to reconcile this with the person who came out — Daniel Arthur Moji — and this friend , who was a senior meeting with President Kiribati .
GA : And to cut a long story short , the conversation about Kenya was not about legislation , but rather indirect , and you think it &apos;s really not about election outcomes .
JA : There you go . And this is the headlines of Ghanaian , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya — Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , in two days , became the reason that the mother of Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the election changed by 10 percent with a genetic research team , and it changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Wow , did that change the world dramatically ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video clip of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong nose , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a plug .
I hold your object up , well , there are about four cords — oh , boy ...
Man is free . All right . Screw .
I was told when they were screaming . Stop .
Stop .
Well , no , no .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
Hero — Baghdad &apos;s two and six — Baghdad &apos;s two and a half .
We need to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve been involved in violent play .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two hundred and six , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Kick , Kick . Okay , here we go . I pack them .
CA : What influenced that ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three applications that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Roters either .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters employed two little children .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exhibition became a cause of despair .
What was the real cause of anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see men walking upright in the street , and one kilometer in the air , a 30-millimeter drop in the air , dropping all kinds of ducks , finding each step to do that , and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who simply weren &apos;t there because that &apos;s their job hours .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research survey analysis , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s collapsed , and it seems to me that he has slowly obtained this video , and he &apos;s also discovered that there are 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Right ?
JA : Well , we were worried we &apos;d gotten these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago for 150,000 telephones and covering 50 .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Service from thousands ...
JA : We were going to edit them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Right . ( CA : Ready ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art is , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what the materials are .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little more broadly about this .
That is , generally , what is your philosophy ?
Why bother passing the secret information ?
JA : Well , the question is , what is the world &apos;s information important , what kind of information can be transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When businesses spend economic value to gather information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information is expensive , there &apos;s some hope that it will be a good thing , because the organizations that are best aware of it are widely spent on it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a state of affairs for individuals or , really , a state of affairs , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our material , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have a dangerous understanding policies .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with discoveries that tell us the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for example , to a parent who serves the U.S. veteran , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you published something that somebody had a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presence , for millions of people around the world , that the U.S. military are inhuman .
Actually , it isn &apos;t . My son isn &apos;t . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It will change the way people perceive and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to light what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t there a way that you can find a secret for yourself in order to get through your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikelixes yet .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an analog of other sources .
If they come out , it &apos;s going to be a tough situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act on the assumption that people are morally inclined to pursue our privacy , not to waste it .
CA : I would like to actually just — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in recognizing the thought of TEDsters .
You know , there could be two types of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , a hero , a staff hero who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : Just a quick overview , Julian , a quick overview .
You have to try a little bit . Let &apos;s show them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JA : So this is a nightmare , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a series of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we had a conversation , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that , in fact , security workers from some of the foreign intelligence agencies were actually standing there and protesting them .
And that some of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some company out there is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks correct , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the story ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for that paper ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the author &apos;s name was written at the Metropolitan Warsaw .
Here we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods to simulate , to try and write a letter to these people .
CA : There you go . How much information did you get from Beijing ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve done a lot , but right now we &apos;re doing a lot of training and science .
That &apos;s why our public spending the last few months has become less poor , because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems with social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
Anyway , any kind of updating company , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a lot of very high discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go out and look at this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly reporters and — is there a line of writing ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and therefore we have to redesign people who are going to be dealing with the highest national security materials and then under lower security .
CA : So let &apos;s have a personal understanding of you and how this work started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Right ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were waving away from the bill , so the two buttons ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist might say that this is a component of the development of pheromones .
JA : What is film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a writer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was stuck .
It should be sensitive to the other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by rice math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the jellyfish .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t create guns ; they &apos;re trained to cook their guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different perspective , from the older people that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : So , people of the age don &apos;t create waves ? Are they eating them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , and that &apos;s not my kind of thing to eat , but there &apos;s another way to eat chickens , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just very quickly , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had trouble with a bank , and then you said to the local news service that the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland has gone through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the biggest connection .
His bank sector had 10 percent of its economy left in GDP .
Anyway , we published this last year in Holly .
And National TV was supposed to stop it five minutes before it got off , and as a movie , the report appeared on the news table , and the reader shouted , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site at the same time as a slide , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political leaders in Iceland and other international law enforcement experts , we set up a new piece of legislation for Iceland to make it a free monkey , the most powerful media organization in the world , and a Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just one month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Director .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secrets , or will we observe the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure that &apos;s the end of the story .
That means there &apos;s a great deal of controversy between the law of freedom of speech and the legislation of freedom in the United States , China and the United States .
Why grow ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because only a little bit of effort can we move it around or around it .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;m astonished by the audience , saying , Julian , be tough and strong and lethal to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Absolute .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting adventures and stories with 17 interesting cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal impulse is very firmly focused on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a wonderful education , I &apos;m not an outsider , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an art in a new way .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you some interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these light bulbs there .
There &apos;s the waterfront of Ufus , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Rich and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite subway in New York City .
There are two bars to stay with me : very expensive .
Go ahead and do that .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can toss around the campfire , walk around .
Do you want a circular thing ?
Open the hardware and put it in .
You go in and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Go ahead and see the pictures .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite pictures , the Pitt Bragel Garbage collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the warehouse gave us that picture , you can punch it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can beat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve put in our prison with cognitive technology .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missiles .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means to be able to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awful .
But then you want to get a closer picture .
And I started looking at it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; And I looked at the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I found out this is a game called a chocolate game , where kids drink a chicken with a blade on Thursday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got there .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
Let &apos;s go back to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite things , the night of God , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you wanted to see the corncobs ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually designed this chapter ?
We sort of embed the images as if we were in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I say in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think this picture has never been seen before .
Now , on the other hand , I like to show you a very nice opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Conqueror .
Each of you , every one of you , doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big home or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Movement . &quot; &quot; You can change the scale of the painting .
This is Hippocratic Oath .
You can make surveys and send them to your friends and conversations about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the biggest thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from fossils .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my test .
My hope is that in this digital world , we are briefly presenting works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you design it to rebuild the hardware ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply encourages you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , is I tell stories , I write fiction , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and some of the supernatural things that are called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . In my talk , you &apos;re going to be multiple circles .
I was born in Sarasburgh , a French family .
A while later , my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by a whole range of families where fathers were driving their family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming woman with an expensive stamp .
And my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but with more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to hold on to the grave and get disgusted images of the monkey , not to blink her eyes .
A lot of them would come to my grandmother with heavy Pashtun shoes , people or pounds , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would take a red pen and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to pull out of the skin .
And then he would put one more of those notes into a cardboard box .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about this in the audience , but the truth is , all the people who face my grandmother with skin issues , I haven &apos;t seen him struggle .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of revenge ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the concept helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very disgusting lesson , which is that if you want to sacrifice something in your life , whether it &apos;s legacy , lesson , or the human spirit , then you have to surround it with walls .
And there &apos;s going to be four of them .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some nation and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the outside world , then we could end up with a four-inch threat .
Our persistence would be : Our hearts would be diminished ; our humanity would be diminished if we had long talked from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — we &apos;re approaching all of us , if they &apos;re like us , then we &apos;re surrounded by our fantasies .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephant in a tin can , or they burn the wall so that the images can be turned off .
It &apos;s an old Arabic tradition based on the belief that it &apos;s not healthy for people to spend a lot of time afterwards .
Through the agenda , people who live in communities are at greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere in the world , in the liberals and conservatives and the Nazis and the beliefs , in the rich and poor , in East and in Artempt .
We intend to build planets that are based on the character and then dismiss the characters of other planets .
I think the only thing that can win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
The stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the insights into our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic jam ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental states .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , speaking to color minds and asking for power from objects when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible thing , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And it &apos;s become a lifelong definition of writing stories .
The reaction to me was self-organizing , as opposed to translating a journey into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to claim a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and talk a little bit later .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this tiny , spiritual , mediocre relationship that my grandmother lived in , to this wonderful , Maidida international school where I was just kidnapped .
There I was first confronted with the concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; We were taught in our classroom by children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not correlate with the colonoscopy , the equivalent of democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative of a large thing .
We were a little bit like the U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exclusive moments that happened to the people who believed in it .
This child , or this child , was often synonymous with forgiveness and decoration .
And I knew it very well , because at the time that I was pleased from that school , there was a war revolution in my country , a man whose name of my nation had less to do with murders of Rome Papin and the Turkish alongside European Union .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
That &apos;s where I felt for the first time as a culture architect .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called Shakespeare , and they were interested in how many symmetries I had every day , because they thought that all sailors were poor lions , and they were astonishing that from the beginning of age I had to close my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three definitions about my country : politics , civic and mainstream .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
Every time I felt that my imagination was the only thing that I could move with me .
The stories kept me focused , the continuity and consequence , and these were the three things that I always felt I needed .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , a town that I stayed in .
I lived in many , many environments where I wrote a few of my observations .
I was at Starbucl when the 2008 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 a.m. in the morning , there was a scene in my eye that made me stop .
We had a local priest — a young man , an elderly man who never sells a bread from soul and never spoke to the public .
She was sitting next to a transient who had been beaten up and tortured for a long and long time , and her sweetheart was running underneath her feet .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich and he surrounded himself with this picture of the Guardian earthquake , until now in my memory , the conservation grandeur and the melting of the English Chapter sitting on a table .
Death and destruction make our national difference and we all become united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have a similar effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but by reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildlife and coming out of the closet at night and starting to meet people we &apos;d never met before or perhaps have been delivered to before .
A little bit later , I started chocolate in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more than global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an embodiment , not an embodiment , not a purpose ; I &apos;m asked , why do I do that ? By using language , I &apos;m able to repair myself .
I love writing in utero , which is very poetic and emotional to me , and I love writing in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in this world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living all the time and all the time .
Because , as a beginner , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great co-religion between thought and language .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very tempting .
At that time , my grandmother , who kept track of my life , who started to immerse myself in the notion that I was married soon , so I could go to one place and always be .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Samuel , I began to transform lives in Arizona and in Zimbabwe , these two worlds are very different .
I think half of me have always been a coward — physically or mentally .
Stories constantly address me , keeping all my parts and memories together , acting like an existential salmon .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think that they &apos;re losing their magic , if , or when , stories are viewed more as stories .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting story by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one way , and there &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because Vienna &apos;s events were happening at Boston University , it was normal for me to think that English characters should be more than straws , but I realized what he was looking for .
And I also learned that I would continue to admire him .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-organization affects the way stories spread , translate and return .
There are many authors who feel that pressure , but the O-Argentina authors feel that much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you expect you to write stories about deadly women , and you choose to tell difficult stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages , messages and types , and surround yourself with your interactive , hard work partners .
What I felt when I was a kid at MIT is now in the literal world .
They &apos;re not seen as independent creative individuals , they &apos;re seen as representatives of their culture , some authors from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
All of us are expected to have something special if not mundane .
My colleague , James Baldwin , in one of 1984 interviews , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to impose the fact that he was a writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing amazing about me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it puts our liberties at risk .
There &apos;s a mythology called multicultural literacy , where all of the letters from the outside world are integrated .
I never forget my first multicultural advance 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know in the informal .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art form or in the same book .
We were combined with our characters .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
Conversely , function is reversed .
In this way , not just for the authors , but for the perpetrators , to become the perpetrators of the great thing .
But I should add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 when I was stopped in front of the courtroom to respond to what my favorite speakers said .
They expected me to write about the constructive , multi-dimensional , multi-dimensional , fragmented families with the eyes of women .
My microbial story gave me an enormous amount of patience when I was exposed .
Some criticized me , others highly appreciated the post-conflict conflict .
Sometimes my desire to get to both sides remind me that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to eradicate my work .
I want to love and augment the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get out of it .
The Greeks are right to express their political views , and there are good political views for that , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics any day .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And only the last one is under the radar screen . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unlocks us . The statement unites us .
One is considering immediate gratification .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
And the other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity is kind of built up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Oregon , there was a mysterious narrative called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to the hearts , the stories of the Indians , and they often missed those stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice by interpreting that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sulfur , dead people , not dead people .
Stories were being shaped by borders , like Hawaii Needshadows , which were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian transition is still reading the books of the Hebrew , and vice versa , combining and accepting the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books saved the intricate , ugly girl I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of fiction .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader — from Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was he sat down at Rumi &apos;s books looking at the water as the words go into the water .
The surfers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you greater ignorance than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural patterns is not consistent with knowledge . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much . Life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is immediately buried .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction as well .
Some of it is surrounded by dirty acids in Stumbella , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I &apos;m pleased with the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and elsewhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the Summerwear for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called the Jenny Proposition .
It &apos;s in between the buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that make things happen .
We view them as evidence of supernatural things like water , which is like tornadoes and bodies of despair .
But more of these sorts of sentences feel like writers and writers .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage predictability and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying of media , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . Another book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are separated from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I am living . &quot; &quot; And he said , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is the first thing that students are taught in creative literature these days is to write what you know ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Imaginative literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to step out of our cultural patterns and explore others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who shape circles with their passions .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of itself . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of our lives , whether we love and love , oh , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really adding more to the playing world .
It &apos;s so far away from the fact that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on an active issue for Australia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like play .
Before we removed the games , we had skin bars .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
This is really amazing .
And so 18 years later , the preacher decided that he had to play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then provide people with the educational curriculum .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s an object for you .
We have a positive attitude , we have a positive attitude towards increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge expansion , resilience , world and capitalism .
My big idea , which actually is a very , very small idea , is to channel the road to billions of big ideas that are currently underway .
And my little idea is sound .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt guilty about my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I broke my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate the wind .
And in that process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more stimulated , and more happy lives .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the elevation .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , the battle for men has become a role model for morality .
I was having lunch with a kid who was charged with being just four in the last night .
What else I said — I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , this meadow might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of calendar for self-improvement .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a foreground and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet the eighth ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is clear , but nowhere , I &apos;m going to get a red donor to play , I &apos;m going to make a two-hour call and we &apos;re going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so well-equipped
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the message of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And our Titanic is so rich .
I feel that if Leymah Brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all of my brothers were working 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed the nightmare , because she would have been reading for seven and a half hours , and you would have seen the whole picture .
Now we &apos;ve come across multiple journeys all over the world , and what &apos;s helpful to us as individuals , what &apos;s more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers , and help globally .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open your motors and discover the power of your body .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential deeply .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting to have used it for years .
Today , I use this material to create sustainable , scalable , scalable structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I had never learned about crime or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I got a seven art school and got a tutor .
I chose my journey to be a painter for 10 years when I was invited to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I got internalized , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the instruction was coming , and there was no instruction .
He had to do something .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
I came out to the front door and I started to see fish intersecting and designing a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a different approach to creating a new classroom , as a way of creating a large , solid material .
I was the first person to compete with these fish .
It &apos;s self-portrait , called &quot; &quot; Loud Behind . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we put the web up on top of our feet to photograph .
What I &apos;ve found is that desirable strengths are occurring each time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I &apos;d received as a result , but I wanted to do more of it , to transform the scale of the object that I was looking at , something that I could lose .
Going back to India after the fisherman working there , we built a network , a million and a half links , in a short time , with a demonstration in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw this . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel Sole Marsales , who rendered the fragmentation of the city of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by protecting my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in the competition with the natural resilience of materials .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would describe the patterns of electromagnetic patterns in the sun , the breathing air and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time remaining so sweet that it would propagate from waste .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we drilled a 20-ton steel mill .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the staircase moves from a subject to a grape to a characteristic .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and motive material .
I found a staunch architect in Haiti who designed projects for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Happiness .
He helped me solve two superpowers : safeguard the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the manual occupations did not know America .
So I contacted a farm manufacturer , I met them in the battlefield , and I discovered how worthy it was .
There was no programmable language that this traditional hand artwork could transform the production of the car .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 15 square meter bed network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , sustainable and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an unknown and unexpected spectrum .
Now it was a perceptual space .
This is the first time in the room .
While watching your game , I was struggling to be underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown country .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to focus on two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to make it public , the table should be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little tiny water pipeline that &apos;s transformed by the truck , and as we tried it , we found that people could also interact with this material and walk in without getting wet .
This is a classical material that I &apos;m using to illustrate the understanding of the train brakes , at the moment of the process , as if it were a renting image of the urban circulation system .
The next challenge in Denver was to be in the middle of the United States and North America , and they asked me if I could visualize the interconnectedness of 35 West Bank countries and how they communicate across the landscape .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I heard about the earthquake and the harmony that had occurred in Chile recently , which aligned the entire Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally reproducing the gravitational pull of a server .
So I contacted NOAA , and I asked them to give me some data on the syndrome , and they converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microsecond that the Earth has clicked on day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stained glass , in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a cloth , a very small foot , which was 15 times cloth .
The classroom would now be fully resilient and so theme that buildings could become part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complex network patterns and patterns would be formatted .
So we had to do it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to combine the idea of Thomas Super or Halloween .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build classrooms that reach the top of the canopy .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and productive ways .
Now , I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering advances to create structural , confusing , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits are expanding .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from one of my financial friends .
Being a lawyer , she &apos;d never been interested in art , she &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now she &apos;d walked out of the building and she &apos;d been able to say goodbye to the back of the room .
These people who made postmodern policies were now confused by their anonymous people , and they were looking at creation , shape-shifting images and analyzing the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual awareness , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely independent .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , energy , flow with all of our senses simultaneously , is being embedded in this giant chain that has the present self and the present self and the voice and how it feels and how it feels .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this moment , we are perfect , we are perfect and beautiful .
My left-hand column , our left-hand column , is something else .
Our left-hand column is thoughtful and mediocre .
And the one on the left is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more subtle in my body . Imagine that .
