Until recently , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a compelling idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about — this was a blog that was written earlier this year by Dr. Mills , who was a journalist in science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; There I am , I have died , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died of cancer , my family and friends would interpret this message that I wrote , and this activated website became a passive one . &quot; &quot; Because Miguel was a journalist , his brain was probably well-written and well-organized , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is so different from the things that are being made before .
Take a moment of statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
200 million digits are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case scenario is that they &apos;re going to be making some pictures and economic videos , or a project that &apos;s in a box .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think this will create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
Just to make it clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to share a picture of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be after we die with profiles and social media .
One of them , I got quite instant feedback when I was signing up in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Video ) AO : Barry .
SW : Yeah ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Asshead idified . Not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , right ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 parties .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones , a place of empowerment , of videos , of photos , of stories that can be put back after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of economic video .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and to develop large amounts of data has continued to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a life of abundance , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs that we create with so many .
I think that sometime later , our digital personalities will be able to continue to communicate with the real world through the full integrity that we create , and through technology , the opportunity to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your writings on Twitter , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thorny .
So you can imagine what this would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , the improvement of our technical skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as people .
But what if those robots could actually communicate to the characteristics of a certain type of person based on the account of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans create in their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous event that was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN held a Wi-Fi player in their studio to interview André Coup .
What if we could use technology like this to protect the presence of our loved ones in our rooms that are actually effectively communicating based on the full volume that they created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s fully possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are spreading rapidly .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d say what we all have to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to embrace the environment , pay attention ...
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stop you with the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
solar technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening in our day .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our times , and then our generation will be reminded as the generation of the Internet , which has created something universally true and true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 degree C driver wearing Brain A &apos;s . This is the first computer virus .
When we continue to sequence , the spinal cord goes down , here &apos;s 06,000-KO78RUS , and the spinal cord goes down to the bottom .
As a sign . It &apos;s not used in any way .
Trying to understand the meaning .
As a result , I started Google searching .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is a city called Singapore .
Citywide , you can find this on some mobile phones , on cars .
I tried to make a connection in Sainsburgh .
And after a lot of research , we finally found this WEB website . This guy , the Russian guy , worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , it has its own website , and it has its blog in Live Journalnal , and in this blog it &apos;s writing about his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
This guy is actually moving .
Mercedes-Benz is a 6,000-liter swimming car , more than 400 muscles . This is a car for 20 children in Sanskrit .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He &apos;d rented another car .
Here &apos;s his Martians — this is Ladida Samaritan who blamed . You can see the statue of the United States of America .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The work was done . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime was replicated ? In many cases , the work isn &apos;t going to go so far .
The vast majority of babies .
We don &apos;t know where the polls come from .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . It doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I &apos;d like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard of Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable therapeutic controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have spaghetti .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work : For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managed by one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , such as electricity , obviously we depend on computers &apos; work . And this really creates .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way of continuing , if even computers will . ( Laughter )
So bias assumes that we can work when things are not even worthwhile . It &apos;s actually extremely important .
Think about sustainability , think about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is consumption .
I &apos;m going to take you through this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life defending the Internet , and I really feel that , if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything , we need to do it together .
And now we have to do it .
We &apos;re going to do real-time work to explore cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of assaults — it &apos;s more important than defense .
Creating programs or web browsing .
It &apos;s about discovering standing people , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to give them the power to do good . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : it only takes you two minutes to change your body &apos;s book .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we just shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I can see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that occur during the intersection , the punishments , the world-class appearances , or blindfolding , all the time , the common manipulation .
Singapore . There they go to the patch .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , our social psychologists call them non-verbal values , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false assumptions by adding values .
And they can have a critical meaning in the critical conditions of life , such as taking a man &apos;s job , or stepping up , or taking time .
For instance , the Nobel Laureate at the University of Texas has found that when people look at the patient in 30 seconds with a patient &apos;s real pain and a patient &apos;s real pain , their doctor &apos;s delights about the love of the doctor — wouldn &apos;t you mind the doctor ?
So they have to be used cleverly , right ?
Our thoughts , feelings and organisms are overall .
So what kind of communication do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-school business school , and it was unexpected that I should start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly interested in the non-zero-sum dynamics of power and superpower .
How do you think power and power are not inclusive ?
In the animal world , the animal kicks in a physically reinforced way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jesse Treasure has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
It takes our own hands , our weaknesses , and we don &apos;t even want to touch the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our front door is strengthful and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching the movement of my students in the audience , and I &apos;ve noticed that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
As others go inside , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be compared to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
It &apos;s particularly important for the business master , because the scale is so determined by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to get this gene out .
I started to wonder , for instance , that college adopts these people who attend classrooms .
There are beliefs , yes .
For example , we hate to be happy when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to be satisfied — the book is engraved by teeth like this — we become a little more happy .
It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the shape of the body , but can we change the shape of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from nodes and pigs ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and optimistic .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a downhill , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can lead to consciousness , at least indeed , and that changes in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are human bits .
You smell chestnuts .
And he jumped in .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already done .
And here &apos;s what happened to the cortex .
It turns out that our body language decides not only the environment but the self .
Also , our bodies affect our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use this as a way of valuing your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no expression on the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers is doing it .
So the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the testing conditions .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It &apos;s just how people show them .
And this has impacted the decision of the conductor .
I encourage them to shape as long as everything is done .
And they said the answer .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I &apos;d gotten out of the car a few times .
It came from the brain stem , in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always a smart and talented guy .
I was removed from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not the end of college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I did five years of college .
I didn &apos;t feel that way , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s completed .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about this before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Last I want to add .
Small changes can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you should do it .
Use your level of stress , lower your cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest challenge .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and refresh because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from noise .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of synthetic circumstances .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t actually solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , which problem solved first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the world &apos;s most important problems , and I &apos;m going to read quickly about them : climate change , aggressive diseases , conflicts , education , financial autonomy , governance and corruption , nature &apos;s integration , social conditions and water , and subatomic and ultraviolet .
We think religions are the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes out is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in Davos in January .
Of course , it &apos;s not true to get people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to fix it , right ?
It &apos;s not about overcoming adversity , it &apos;s about overcoming adversity .
In that case , of course , this makes the situation more complicated .
Climate change should be solved by the Kyoto response .
Patients must be solved by networks of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies with U.N. empowered and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is a little bit impossible — write what you think about the major supervillains .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the bottom line ?
I suggest , 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor as well , and just note that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and some minority of them .
The amazing part of this process , and of course , I mean , I would love to — I &apos;ve been given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s what we actually did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;re going to have these discussions following , please think about , how do we actually define translation ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that kind of show been established ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
No one wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be the first one .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symptoms that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to create a demonstration like this .
We &apos;ve had the U.N. for 60 years , but we &apos;ve never built a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide what to start with .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a generosity , any kind of generosity , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make the progress in a two-dimensional way , but it &apos;s certainly difficult to make it better than if we actually made the decision and followed it and talked about it .
So I suggest that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to the restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grasses .
For example , you would ask for a ticket , but you didn &apos;t know what it was .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family issue . It can be a very small issue , right ?
He would like to know all that .
And that &apos;s what Copenhagen is trying to do , trying to figure out the genome of these problems .
And this is what Copenhagen does .
We collected 30 of the world &apos;s top economists , three of them on each side .
So three of the world &apos;s most extraordinary economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Same with infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would it look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most popular economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the dream team . The University of Cambridge made a wonderful decision to call them Rebel Modity .
It works really well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that good .
And their work , in essence , was a symbol of the heritage .
You would ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They value us .
They do a little bit of a bad job of saying what we should do first and what we should follow .
So here &apos;s that screen that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet as well , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a graph that says there are bad projects , which is , projects where you make a dollar investment , you make a smaller outcome .
There &apos;s medium , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from the very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very bottom .
A lot of people would disappoint this , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say , I can &apos;t get it back later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s quite interesting .
Why did it work ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreements with your measurements .
Why is it that doing something more than Coca-Cola or something is a bad premise , just because it &apos;s so inefficient ?
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this is not a big problem .
The only thing we can do with this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
That &apos;s a huge amount of money .
It flows twice as much from the most sophisticated means of developing countries in the Third World .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All of the models that follow the global expansion of 2100 are only six years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at 2100 at risk of concussion can wait until 20106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money trying to get a zero .
As a comparison , the United Nations actually estimated that half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean water , with sanitary pad conditions , with basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves if we want to spend twice as much money doing nothing positive .
Or perhaps in the middle of that money doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects you &apos;ll notice are that I &apos;m not going to take all of you out there — for example , infectious diseases , primary health services — desperately get a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very well , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this brings us to that we are suddenly on both sides of the equation .
If we look at the good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you four cultures that have to solve the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with information .
Currently , it can make up even percentage points in the U.N.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of a billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the temporary sector , also the global warming problem .
The third is openness .
The common model , if we can reach the bottom and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and the United States , we can lead a new life of the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half of the world &apos;s second largest .
Again , we can say that actually we can get two , three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third wonderful thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very important tools to solve the food problem , especially with the microchip .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of cotton , silk , ode and Vietnamese .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment . The second is treatment .
And again , in the perfect world , we did both .
But if we don &apos;t do anyone , or we don &apos;t do well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And therapy is much cheaper than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money we spend on ourselves , we can do the best x , cure and do 10 times better than that .
And again , we &apos;re much more focused on prevention than on treatment .
This actually makes us think about our superheroes .
I want you to look at your celebrities and say , did you make it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primitive solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of our team members of our dream team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we talk about saving people or helping 2100 in Bangladesh , we don &apos;t look at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money on a rich Dutch 100 years from now ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Shelling said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be preserving , say a rich Chinese , or a Hispanic , or a Congolese family of 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How ironic is it is that they were so concerned that they helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they didn &apos;t really care about my grandfather or a grandmother
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so well illustrated .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in terms of whether I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect that Emily would choose to take Brad Pitt &apos;s next movie in his film to attempt a swimming pool or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not just the movie .
That &apos;s why , in many ways , I think the Copenhagen Convention and the whole discussion of farming deals with the terrible problems .
So we can understand that this is not about feeling good .
And not to implement the benefits that are at the center of the media &apos;s attention , but to create a foundation for the better action .
The next thing that I think is really important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering somewhere nowhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , the developed countries decided we needed to spend twice as much money on developing countries as it did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re on a road to all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m just saying this .
If any of you can tell Bucky about this , it &apos;s very good .
But the basic idea is , if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best farmers .
I &apos;m just a quick example . Do we have a really good sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up desperately reaching adults , white Americans .
And they don &apos;t have to have fictional fantasies about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
It only takes two minutes . They have to learn English and speak English .
Most of them were , first of all , in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the boundaries of the exhibition , and so they did , and proposed their own properties .
And what was even more interesting was the same : the first time the problems of obesity and disease and climate change were at the bottom .
We did the same thing many times .
There were lots of other symptoms and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same chart .
And that made me really great hope , really , and I can say that I believe that we have to go some way to start thinking about superheroes , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Code for the world . How do we start to think about political heritage ?
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives us great spending , not do things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we do and that we
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Ellen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were businesspeople , so we picked a path that runs across national boundaries and national governments , in short to say , the longest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and I ask a question that was going to take me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me .
In the first place , the node is perfectly universal .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs portray . &quot; &quot; She keeps staring at me for a few seconds , and then she starts laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There it is , the famous Chinese hyperbole playing the piano . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes misunderstand the symbols that surround us and how do we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now , you may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage : the openness of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking of false , or at least not to avoid thinking that we can be wrong .
We actually understand it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the headline comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , right now , visually impaired are incredibly upset about being wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings now , we go back to the present , we vote for the present time .
In fact , we all live our lives , filled with a little bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk first about why we are imprisoned in our own consensus .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Incredible . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and something else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could actually be fun , like my stupid Chinese hero &apos;s mistake .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a smallpox can always follow , but never get to a rocket .
In virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies , and the fly loses the wire , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and it can fly .
But the judge is gone .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the bill doesn &apos;t have a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t really understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this guy who &apos;s running through the air but doesn &apos;t look down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve been wrong , but we feel like everything is fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is something like doing right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , that makes us insist on our own authority .
I call it the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us believe in the right to always be right , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a straw , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you know for sure what it was like to organize a child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that achieving success in life is a lot more than mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are afraid of the idea that we should become perfect teachers , professors , supervisors .
I always say , &quot; &quot; The principal , the strategic , the marathon radius .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs , strategists and mortgages .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
They disappoint him , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the cards and letting the patient in his room fill in sugar .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes up , she looks at herself , and she says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in an orphanage ? &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s positioned on her wrong side because the surgeon has surgered her left leg instead .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon has been convinced that he is on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our intuition that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest , the underlying belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy controversy for what &apos;s happening in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we explore the possibility that we can make mistakes , and we do things like , for example , extracting over 750 million metric tons of oil or disposing the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully expressed .
And when you think that &apos;s the problem , it &apos;s how you can explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you .
It turns out , many of us explain it the same way by making a bunch of non-Arabic assumptions .
First of all , when someone finds their disagreement , we simply assume it &apos;s unknown .
It doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we deliver that information , it will see the truth and connect to the number of colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think differently , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have exactly the same facts as we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it very specific for their unfavorable goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s so necessary for us , causing us to act profoundly against each other .
But the most surprising thing for me is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we draw life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it does , life would be very boring .
Your idea is wonderful not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and this , and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Aristotle understood that our ability to make mistakes is not something neutral in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or sacrifice .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all the other creatures , we try to find the answer to that by molecule .
I think that &apos;s the pursuit of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I &apos;ve been hearing a lot of times the phone call this American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became a misfit woman .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
And I said to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And the following is , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; the Ivan Grace says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments of discovery and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our procrastinators , they want those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the fluctuations and the terrible consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something &apos;s going on , but something else is going on .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive understatement , he was going to liberate people and to bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt in his whole life , until he or she was too old or he would be sick and transform the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your beloved daughter at school , and raise your kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everybody was giving to a small group of people that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , but this conference is an incredible account of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all that , half of all the wonderful things to change the world , TED , 1998 , is God .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another concert .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about the magic .
I think if you really want to explore the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of self-sacrifice , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the humility , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a guy named El-Soyd Nosee came up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rebrey Moon , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prison Minister .
Nazi initially agreed to kill innocent people , but at the same time , spending time on small metals , he and other people started planning attitudes on dozens of sites in New York City including drones , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by the FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Center bombing didn &apos;t stop .
Narrator , in the end , was convicted of intervention .
El-Switzerland is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pittsburgh , 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who were working together to create a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which few of the Muslims have ever seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any democracy in any country , you find very few people who are so thermally connected to their faith , and they think they need to use all the possible means for others to live like them .
A few months before his campaign , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of Hurricane , he and his friends were going to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that I was going to go with them the next morning .
We got to the site of Calton , which was controlled by the FBI without our team knowing .
When I was wearing my suitcase , my father helped me hold my suitcase and explained how to go to the bathroom on 30 nerves .
That day , the last flash of light on the top of the desert , and to my surprise , everyone , especially me , the whole desert was broken .
My brother looked at another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Your brother is evil . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a father .
They all laughed at that punch card , but only a few years later I totally figured out what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
These guys , eventually , were convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of copper bags on the World Trade Center subway stations at the World Trade Center , where six men died and almost 1,000 were arrested .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow many friends to come .
Every time I started to feel good about somebody , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being a new face of the classroom , I always became a garbage man .
I would hide myself in my classroom not to be the orchestra , but as it turns out , there were more dynamic new children in the classroom than there were in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
That &apos;s why I had a social skill set , and growing up in a global family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been trained to judge people by low mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group noticed in teenage violence , and spending most of my life as a guest to win , and that was something that I was much more interested in .
The meetings of our group were involved in different aspects of life .
And at the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
It took a few days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had Hebrew friends , and honestly , I felt an honor that I had been able to overcome the atrocity that I had believed in almost all my life that it was impossible .
Another environmental probe came along when I found a summer job at a fun time in Budrus .
There , I would submit people of different faiths and cultures , and that experience became an influence in my development of nature .
I had learned that balance was a man , and frankly , all the pharmaceuticals had a radical effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I found out that many of them are the least educated people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I &apos;ve developed a compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural to treat other people in the same way that I would like to be treated .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the feelings that I was taught as a child with a real life experience and an impact .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it happened . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had me intellectually freely related to myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
She &apos;s been the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that the Khmer Rouge has more positive impact on my world than my own parenting father , which he did not lose .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will save my heart while I live .
She looked me in the eyes of a soul-washer who had enough depression to live her whole life , and she said , &quot; &quot; What ?
At that point , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
Zaha Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to give back a relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why do I elevate this and give me potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hoping that someone who is perhaps going to use violence one day can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was assuming that violence was an uncontroversial idea , but I wasn &apos;t a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do it for the atheists and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that brought terrorism to their lives .
For the veterans of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these non-sense actions and confirm my fatal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific in any religion or race , and the father doesn &apos;t have to follow the parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The imagination is what they hear .
&quot; &quot; Choice &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people standing after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re listening .
I want to know how they hope for the water supply to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of straws from consumer goods to the restoration of our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The rising tide gives us an opportunity to the developing and dynamic system and embraces our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we engage the ocean and celebrate its presence .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
Traditional wisdom for many of us in the field of conservation is very common , it &apos;s accurate .
Green , yellow and red , for different forms of consumers .
It &apos;s very easy to get your nose out of your nose , out of your nose , think about going to the drug again .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the vegetables .
We can &apos;t do that continuously , if we measure success by changing the frequency of the species including the brain and the red line .
But what if we just ate vegetables ?
There &apos;s a Thunnus alcoholic type of tongue hanging out in a dish .
It &apos;s broken and unformed .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the main element , the main element .
What &apos;s the subject of this meat ?
Do I love 450 books ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you , not oceans .
The bottom line is , we need to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , antioxidants and miners are very heart-helping .
Great . I love the red gene .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Well , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we are hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value under the awareness of the mystery of ignorance .
And we hide that value under the income of the cycle .
So the point of restoration is that it matters what we need .
The surprising figures can be best shown not by Joe , not by Philips or by the corporate board , but by Goly Grey Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say the powder is a new cake .
Well , I would suggest that broccoli can be considered brand new .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re eating them all .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part about surveillance is that it comes in half a towel , with a set of toothpaste and a set of toothpaste .
It &apos;s punctuated by a 142-gram temple with a Dijon bag and a hammer , covered with pieces of paper and a quinoa filled with colored broccoli so thick and dim , a little carbon dioxide and cut from the bottom with a piece of paper from a Japanese tea bag .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jim Oliver is fighting to save America from the time we currently eat .
Silicon Valley fights to save oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about civilians . We need to be afraid of milk .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produced to harness our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Compassion is a thing , but fat is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are leading the Green Food Revolution desperately .
But green food always assumes a shortcut that tends to make food responsible .
Just because it &apos;s made of green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to put it into our arms .
There &apos;s an environmentally frightening little guy .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a hedge fund designed to eat an environmental footprint .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we reduce public policy , media is going to increase the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s a song I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandchildren .
As a breaker , I understand that the easiest thing for me to do is to break down megafauna .
One thing will change .
I would make more money .
People will start to buy tickets and shirts because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They became healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach was measured in every dimension , but it was simultaneously shown in the human interface .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply varieties of representatives : small fluctuations , noses , fungi , synagogue .
The headquarters , the media , the police , the clubs , the Taliban , were the general species of the alphabet .
We &apos;re directing the skeletons towards greater resilience , towards greater resilience .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big settlers , those kind of models , the green wants the tuna that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the meal . Take the fish four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples with the marshmallow , and then open up the best construction you have of the Borgondian , the five apples and the thumb .
Give it a chance to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and twice a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think producing ingredients , producing food and food , is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating as a kid .
They included the whole White House , and they were treated with a lot of knives and a little bit of gold , usually with a knife .
Until today , I usually eat this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a fat restaurant .
I start shouting .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s invisible .
But the most astonishing thing you &apos;ll hear about the condition of our oceans is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the most astonishing thing is that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For the sake of openness , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , slow , interesting things that I don &apos;t consider .
For my family , I look for contradictions that are born in my personal story .
And for the community , we start from scratch .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than conservation of our resources , it &apos;s also a global geography of what we call a process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;re going to divide the rest , we &apos;re going to divide , we &apos;re going to take control .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat mini-marathons .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
So here &apos;s my friend Singer &apos;s name .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 sponsor of Nelson Mandela , the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Montana when Robben was incarcerated .
Here I am with Jesus President , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come to Mendel , where he was going to spend a consensus on the global monument , standing in front of his former prison camp .
And you can see the plays there .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Mongolia discovered worldwide that there is a real harmony in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this country , and that the demonstration of religions leads to more vulnerable groups , women and children .
This had a huge impact on my mind , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV epidemic has this direct effect on women .
So I did . When I left Sub-Saharan Africa , when I left Cape Town , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up for this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went through every 464 organization that I had to be present to . I looked at the monthly salaries , the questionnaires , using my most favorite audiences as a musician , adding to my entire surgery and a tremendous amount of insignificance to his work .
Everyone in the world loves Nelson Mandela , and everybody in the world loves Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in sub-Saharan Africa , in her country , the country with the highest rates of HIV transmission ?
I think if I now put money out there and tell people what was going on there , they will just collapse .
I was very , very lucky to meet two years later at the Institute of Zero , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the court and an activist .
I met him at one of 4664 .
He was wearing this kind of potato sauce that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this subject is kind of a mess of mess , I &apos;m just saying , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be dependent . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign made by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV campaigns .
They provide tremendous contributions to the people living with the right conditions .
They have education programs .
They are answering questions associated with deception .
It &apos;s actually quite opposite .
And yes , my Singer scholar supports the Treatment Action Campaign by which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and raising money for the last one .
The vast majority of funding that I &apos;ve been able to get immediately went to the Treatment Action Campaign and volunteered to the incredible work that they do and continue to do in South Africa today .
So this is my Swing campaign .
In the Sing campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve been traveling the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Honduras , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly a white , middle African audience , who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a mini-film that really captures the heart of this devastating disappointment and its whole nature that we have , people are inclined to think , because they &apos;re spiritual and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
His name was Mowgli , the current Health Initiative , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly in the business of making improvements that are so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my own experience , and I was trying to reboot the level of reality of HIV .
And there she is in Edinburgh with the wonderful children of the Mexican National Congress that I just fight for .
And just like these children , there are many children who are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting next to Missouri , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a UNAIDS defense against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to extend my wallet .
The message that UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively transmit HIV / AIDS virus from mother to baby , to 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is HIV-positive , and we beat , and we both hunt , because we are very confident , because we believe that this young woman is getting a cure and therefore her life can be energized so that she can take care of the child who is going to bring about the world .
And her baby will get AIDS from the mother , preventing the baby , which means the baby can be born without the virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is the kind of thing that we need to do with AIDS .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell the story to everyone , because she is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have died of AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-positive . She died of AIDS .
Avalley was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she had already noticed the symptoms of her HIV that she was suffering from diarrhea .
We met him at a hospital in East County , and we had a whole sleeping bag with him .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They produced a special meal for a girl who was watching and taking care of her .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know if she was going to win this .
So clearly it was a very emotional meeting that left us with unhappy memories , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This spectrum of disorders is actually for physicians and doctors who have been inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have this kind of reform .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have a nutritious and effective health care benefit , and you believe in the developing countries of the United States of America — in particular the fifth and third , which all governments in the world need to do independently — particularly in Egypt , can you ask the question ?
I think I would be right if I said that almost everyone in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Be bright . Compassion is a wonderful way to go from reality , which allows science to do what science is going to do someday .
As a biblical growth , I assemble the areas of consciousness and the areas of consciousness in order for you to feel for yourself the future of technology .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the home and the world you see is increasing information — information , comments , structures , maybe even the names of the passengers on the street someday .
Here &apos;s my mental statement .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
When you look through the toilet , you can see the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
Here it is . Let &apos;s point out we know next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The recording is ready . The recording is passed .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work with paper , I would say it has four different notes : love , shiny , hot , gray .
Games are one of the most critical candidates that can be tested differently .
Now some people think four cues are four times a year .
E : &#91; Squawks &#93; SW : &#91; Squawks &#93; SW : My favorite bra is leather . MM : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like magic . When temperatures become iconic , water is wine , and then everything is gone .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the information , there &apos;s the process , there &apos;s the light .
Voice : The sun is one of the most powerful enemies of the mind .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
Here &apos;s the shadow and the shadow that warms up night and day after night .
Voice : Milo , I don &apos;t know if you can do that . ( Laughter ) MM : And one of the things that &apos;s true is that the toy has 52 cards , like the age is 52 weeks .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per year , the number of days per birth .
Hold on . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Not really .
MT : By the way , my birthday was the sixth birthday I got my first birthday birthday , and I &apos;ve been traveling all over the world since then , bringing growth to boys and girls , boys and women , husbands and girls , and even to boys and girls . ( Applause ) Who are they ? MM : Yeah , that &apos;s the fiddler .
Awesome .
Jack . Hey , MT . Are you ready for your show ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MM : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jokes . I &apos;m wearing my suitcase .
MT : Goodbye . Good job . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes people ask , &quot; &quot; How can we grow ? &quot; &quot; How should we work at nine to five ?
Of course not . The answer has to be 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean literally 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
It &apos;s a little bit counterintuitive , but of course it works . Some people say growth is a zero-sum game . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , in Germany it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Nice , Nice . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Actually , the truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , which is how you divide the cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s a 4165 chance .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cartoons are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m going to leave you with one last and most important toy : naming the city .
The opposite of what we saw is no matter what virtual , no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during my 30th anniversary .
This is part of the everyday desktop .
I &apos;d never been that comfortable .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My students were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the elite , the happiness and the life of the street corners .
As a kid , I was actually very tough , insecure , totally fearful , fearful , afraid of people , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , I would go back when it started singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I &apos;d done before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the clarity and purity of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started listening to that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and on the third side , reproducing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and at a certain point , it was exhilarating and hopeful , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So , for example , if I was publishing and having to hide what I was doing frequently , being able to hide my emotions , then the sound would go wild .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure nothing was happening .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And finally , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and at a meeting with the psychiatrist a long time later , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow exponentially .
First of all , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all was that I was diagnosed with an enormous amount of hopelessness and awareness of myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a sympathy , the fear of it and addressing it is more powerful .
At that time , it was essentially present to me in terms of a relative act of attitude towards my own thoughts — a kind of political battle , and this inspired the majority of the sounds that were coming into being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , despair , uncertainty and uncertainty started a struggle in which I felt empowered and unable to achieve some level of peace and accountability .
Two years later , the survey was commercial .
Until now , I had the whole repertoire of performance — terrible sounds , unfamiliar videos — strange , consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else was saved .
A cutting-edge man began that journey , but the person who came there had been saved and ultimately made it the person I was lucky to be .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember them all , but those memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I helped .
I know Eleanor would suffer his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in bed , but the summer is over . &quot; &quot; The fourth minute is not enough to count all the brave and aggressive people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , only from the place .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning , because the sounds were so abstract and so consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning that I used to describe as literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to compose my own notion of fear and insecurity around the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting around my parents &apos; room one night in front of them , defending them with sounds that I truly believe .
This is what I felt at the moment : &quot; &quot; Do your best .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
Looking at this , I was recently collecting the details of my deceased self with a voice made out of every source , strictly shoveling out of every medicine — again , from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Indra , to be part of the international organizational movement of people listening to sounds — a provocation that came up with his idea from Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandra Earer , who believes that the dream of listening lies in the case of survival strategy , in the case of conventional rehabilitation , not beyond the mainstream of physics
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of developing .
In other words , if there is social change , then it is catastrophic .
I can &apos;t afford a person who &apos;s proud .
I cannot deny the people who are no longer afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created a network of five marriages in 26 countries that are working together to develop dignity , unification and rights to individuals with mental disorders in order to create new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a human animal that &apos;s obsessed with basic therapy and this cognitive mode of thinking .
In this sense , there is no greater privilege for the public than to facilitate the treatment of the patient — to be able to hear , to join the help , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are . We are inevitable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what somebody else said about you .
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are the images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was mixed up with the curiosity of my early painting , but it was a little different , because in the context of the photo array , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you photograph with a pencil , the process ends when you paste a pencil .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected environment .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these images , both dust and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really be drawn , but I always want them to look like this , as if it were somehow possible to photograph them .
Images for which a little thought is a moment to discover the possibility .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the main ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at scale .
This is not so realistic , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it in the form of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make another reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in the context of photos .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in the process of synthesizing images , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is going wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow in order to get results .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule was : synthesizers should have the same theory .
Secondly , synthesizing images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to the two rules , both from the same height and also from the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s possible not to differentiate where they start and end up with individual images , making them without the consent .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
Comparing the color , the concentration and the light between the boundaries of different images , adding the photographic detail , such as density , by mixing the colors and increasing the digital shape , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a photograph can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only changed underneath .
But in fact , this image is all composed of different places .
It seems to me , actually , it &apos;s easier to make an environment than to find a place like this , because then you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
And having this idea worth spreading , I knew I had a couple of months to prepare for me to find different places to get these pieces .
For instance , this fish was shown in fishing .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
Some of July &apos;s portraits were taken in the woods .
And one of the things that I would like to do is I &apos;d made a little red to make it look more urgent .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start from Essex , from the idea .
So I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you photograph very well , the result may be pretty and at the same time real .
Here it is , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , a brilliant genius .
It turns out that WikiLeaks , your baby , has been publishing more classified documents in the last few years than any media in the world .
Could that be true ?
Julian Asante . Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the media in the rest of the world is doing so bad that a small group of activists can share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we use the most sophisticated secret of all the materials on the Internet to cover backs , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Bailway to use legal protection .
We get information , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it , we get it ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely ever know it , and if we find it in a vacuum , then we &apos;ll probably burn it quickly .
( Video ) Narrator : The cat .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code of the TEDTalk is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this path ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crail .
This was a secret poll taken by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was running the Daniel Age for 18 years .
He was the purest doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphy forces trying to clean Kenya from Corruption , they launched this conference , and they spent about two million pounds on a communication connection .
And then the government used it , and as a political solution , Moi used it to be the wealthiest person , and by now the wealthiest person in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of quantum journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the national election , December 28 .
When we released that conversation , we released it three days after the fact that a new president , Kibera , had decided to think about the man who had come out , Daniel Raqa Moi , and this conversation , he was famous for President Kiribati .
CA : And in short , the conversation about the content was not about the council , nor about the council interpretation , but about the council interpretation , and you think it &apos;s really powerful in the results of the election .
JA : There you go . And this is the head of the Guinea pipeline , and then it was published in every country in the region of Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that Mandela talked about it .
It went on for 20 days in a row of chemical television , and the poll changed by 10 percent in a row of chemical polls that changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , did the data on your side actually change the world ?
JA : The answer .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Bandura airborne pollution .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a kiss in their house .
I see your object , well , it has about four cords , so , sir .
People are free . Well done . Shake .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . Come on .
Stop .
Well , no .
( Gunshot ) Shake . Shake . ( Gunshot ) Shake .
Yellowstones — dotcom fever , dotcom fever .
We have to move now .
Well , we did a little intervention .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I helped them .
Zero Walk , this is Ground Zero , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Good job , Chuck . Well done , here we go . I stuck them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : For those people who worked on it , the effect was enormous .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Bach to study the story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three comments that happened there .
CA : And I would like to say that 11 people died in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Ruters &apos; work .
JA : There it is . From two Ruters &apos; work , two little children were injured .
Over 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this explanation turned out to be a cause of global excitement .
What was the real cause of terror , you know ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see guys on the street , walking up the street , and there &apos;s a 30 million-meter drop in the air , and dropping it on everyone , finding all kinds of sacrifices to do that , and killing people in the orphanage .
And there were two journalists there who simply weren &apos;t radical , because it &apos;s their length of work .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Berkeley Manning , who &apos;s a consultant , and it turns out that he &apos;s been projecting this video publicly , as well as 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we hate getting these kinds of radio .
He was recruited about five days ago — 150,000 radio masts and 50 radio masts .
We published a telescope at the U.S. Capitol in the first year of the year , but it doesn &apos;t mean one is connected to the other .
My point is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you &apos;ve got the U.S. Department , you &apos;ve got thousands of digital telescopes ...
JA : We would have thrown them out . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of the Arab government looks like , the real issues of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what the material is .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more directly about this .
I mean , generally , what is your philosophy ?
Why quantitation of secret information laid out for us ?
JA : Well the question is , what information in the world matters , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend money on hiding information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because corporations that are best known to know about it , from the country , are spending money on hiding it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved or indeed , to the general public interest , that reason can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our objects , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have policies of misunderstanding .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your information after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are good at .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. veteran , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that somebody has had a certain amount of stimulus .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence of millions of people around the world that the U.S. soldiers are human beings .
Actually , it doesn &apos;t . My son won &apos;t . How do you get ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their perception .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for that , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve got a way to light up what you think are the secrets of companies and governments .
The light is good .
But wouldn &apos;t it be great to find that in order to photograph you have to create a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victorians yet .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be a resource owner .
If they appear , that &apos;s a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re assuming that people are morally inclined to continue our blindness , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like to — based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , Hermes , the hero of the audience , brings this important light .
It &apos;s a dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous camel , Julian , a gorgeous camel .
You have to try a little bit . Give them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think you &apos;re going to do it for TED .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is slowly , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , there have been a series of protests in Albania , like the Mexican province , but not so much .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis that actually said that security workers from some of the fruits and vegetarian companies were actually terrorists sitting there and staring at them .
And that part of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleague at the top had nothing written on it , so it was a very difficult detail for us .
We couldn &apos;t handle it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit perplexed , thinking maybe there &apos;s a company out there trying to benefit from it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it sounds right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote this week , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) She said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the paper ?
Can you show that you have legal rights for this document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this incubator where the boy &apos;s name was written on the Microsoft Word dictionary .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
So this is an example of one of our methods in order to manipulate material , try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and we have a lot of challenge right now .
So the great majority of our expeditions , over the past couple of months , has become very small , because we are reclaiming our systems for social interest .
That &apos;s a problem .
As any growing innovative organization , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and what that means is that we get a tremendous amount of high-level discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to constantly check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , basically , for a broadcasting agency , and what about a journalist ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , which is why we have to reform so that you have people who engage with the highest national security materials and then with lower security .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how you started this work .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were washing off the laundry , so the two groups ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a bonus development component .
JA : What is film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at the earliest age you were struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
That &apos;s why you have to feel good words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by the Ross Matrix to survey your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this phrase is not as popular as it was in time .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about meditation .
But the basic values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t make pigs . They feed the pigs .
And that &apos;s something that comes from my father and from other people , from the adults that have been in my life .
CA : So , how many people of the age do you want to make detergent ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a civilian man , so food is not my kind of thing , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to eat chefs , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : Quick last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced the story was unpublished .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the big thing .
Her bank sector had 10 percent of the rest of her economy in the GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re doing this in Hollywood last year .
And National TV was forced to prevent it five minutes before it came out , and as a movie , the content on the news agent popped up , and the laser reader was like , &quot; This never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website at the same time as a slide , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Iceland and and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political activists in Iceland and other international law enforcement experts to create a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the world &apos;s most powerful media support , with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standard-up country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic State Department .
CA : There you go .
( Applause ) Last question , Juliano .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secrets , or will we observe the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure if the situation is going to get better .
So there &apos;s a massive push between the Freedom of Information Act and the Transition Act , between the U.S. and China and the United States .
What stops growing ? It &apos;s hard to say .
This is why we live in a very interesting time , because with just a little bit of effort , we can move it around and around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience by saying , Julian , be tough and strong and strong .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my boss , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting enterprises and stories with nine interesting refugees in 17 cities .
But I will concentrate on the demise .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal impulse is very firmly observed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve gotten a great education , I &apos;m not an outsider , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I began traveling and going to the bathrooms , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new technologies .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
Maybe I &apos;ll show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these statues here .
There &apos;s the waterfront , the timeline of contemporary art , Emily , Raisy and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan festival .
There are two ways you can stay with me : very expensive .
Come here , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bonobo , Mexico . It doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in a trench , jump .
Do you want a circular ?
Open the desk project and put it in .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best one yet .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my most favorite pictures , Peter Bruegel Berry , the gatekeepers at MIT .
You see the sign of this currency .
If the warehouse gave us that picture , you can lie on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can beat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion missiles .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion missiles .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on the picture .
This guy is walking out , his face is awkward .
But then you want to make the picture more close .
And I started to study it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the picture and I noticed that these kids were doing something .
So I did a little study , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Seoul , where kids drink in seats on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so we &apos;re going to zoom in and see how far they actually were .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still up , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Again , one of my favorites is the night of God . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you wanted to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did it ?
We draw the picture as if we were in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to my favorite picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now , on the other hand , I &apos;m going to show you a very lovely opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Sex .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
Very often , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; growing force &quot; &quot; — you can change the scale of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can take notes and send them to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these pictures .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the bathroom .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing paintings .
It was my experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are increasingly doing art on the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to replicate the experiment of visiting the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply encourages visiting the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsive .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction and some of the supernatural creatures called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you a few pieces of my personal story .
Of course , I do it with words , but I &apos;ll also use a geospatial body , a circuit . In my talk , you &apos;ll have a couple of circles .
I was born in Starbucks , French family .
Shortly after my parents died , I went back to Turkey with my mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother of a single child .
In the early 1970s , in Arizona , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by a lot of families where fathers were running the family , so I grew up watching a divided mother .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good education , a worldwide , ever since , with American values .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very passionate about me , but also much more intellectual , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who , fortunately , was in the grocery store and got really sad pictures of her husband hanging out with no eyes .
Many were coming to my grandmother with heavy soccer practices , people or babies , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would have a word in Arabic , she would take a red pen and shuffle it with the grass as much as they would like to take away from the skin .
And then , one more leaf of that leaf was put into a star imaged in a fish .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t be talking to scientists in the audience about these things , but the truth is that all of the people who are addressing my grandmother with skin issues , I haven &apos;t seen the struggle to go there .
I would ask my grandmother how she does it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the concept helps , but you also have to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to destroy anything in your life , whether it &apos;s prostitution , perseverance , human spirit , then you have to surround it with great walls .
And it &apos;s going to square from the inside .
Now we all live in kind of a social and cultural context .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born with a certain family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we had nothing to do with the kind of productive world that we would have to do with the world , then we would have a four-fold threat .
Our culture would have been silent . Our hearts would have been silenced , if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they burn the elephants in a tent , or they burn the wall so that the images would separate from you .
It &apos;s an old American habit based on the belief that it &apos;s not healthy for humans to spend a lot of time fighting .
Through a study like this , people like this , who live in communities , are facing the greatest threat to global warming than ever before .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — favelas and conservatives , gestures and beliefs , rich and poor , in the U.S. and the U.S.
We tend to plant flowers that are based on the shape and then reinforce people from other stars .
I think all you have to do with this cultural tourism is this reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can put the discoveries into our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can actually manipulate other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home to me and she asked me if I would like to take a picture .
When I look at it , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental statement .
I was telling stories of the house , which was definitely a good one , but I was telling my students what was always wrong .
I was an eight-year-old kid , talking to colorful minds and asking for help from objects when I was negotiating them , so my mom thought it would be good for me if I was going to be good at reading my everyday discoveries and feelings .
But she didn &apos;t know that I was living my life as a terrible event , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my own .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that became the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
My reaction at the time was self-determining , rather than transcending the journey into other lives , but also opportunities .
I &apos;m going to suggest you do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and then I &apos;m going to stop it .
Go find my story , and at that time something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I moved from this little , nuanced , middle-class ratio that my grandmother lived in , to this wonderful Middle East school where I was alone .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were taught by children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not touch the colonial , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative .
We were kind of like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with your credibility or your credibility .
This kid or this kid used to be a zero-sum game and a war crash .
And I knew this very well , because back then , when I was a senior in the school , there was a military dictatorship in my country , and there was a little bit of a man in my nation who was going to stay with the murders of the Roman Peru and the Turkey fell together during the European Union .
( Laughter ) These days , I was frequently exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other children were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in October , and they were interested in how many symmetries I had on a daily basis , because they thought that all sailboats were masters , and they were astonishing that from birth I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three principles in my country : politics , civics and the mainstream .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt that my existence was the only option I could move with .
The stories struck me as focused , sustainability and success — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Starbucl , a town I support .
I lived in a lot of animals , in a lot of environments , where I wrote some of my notes .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that caught me up .
We had a local priest , a daughter , an elderly man who never sold a drink from a soul and never spoke to the elderly .
She was sitting next to a transistor who had a long and heavy hair and a cup of sneakers burning into her lap .
I saw this man opening his cigarette bag with his hands , and he surrounded him , and that picture of the German Earthquake is now in my memory , the conservation grandeur and the enlightened translator sitting on his shoulder .
Death and destruction allow our country &apos;s differences and we &apos;re all united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have a similar effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but with good reading , we leave our little , wealthy animals , and we just go out into the night sky and start meeting people like we &apos;ve never met before or maybe who we meet .
Shortly after this , I started a women &apos;s college in Boston and then Mexico .
I felt more not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , not an agnostic , not an agnostic , but an asking me , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; Basically speaking , I have an opportunity to recreate myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a different kind of connection with the two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living constantly and horizontally .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , to do better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of consensus between mind and speech .
And that meeting is very scary .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston — smallpox is very frustrating .
At that time , my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , began to incorporate insecurity into her ideas , that I was married soon so that I could go somewhere , and always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I began to transform life in Arizona and in Timbul , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a coward — physically or emotionally .
The stories always interact with me , keeping all my parts and memories together , acting as an ecstatic flower .
The more serious I am , the more recently I &apos;ve been thinking about how they lose their magic , if or when the story is seen as more than a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight by a literary judge .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino actors , and there &apos;s only one figure , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because there were so many things happening at the University of Boston , it was common to me that the English counterparts had to be more than the waterways , but I understood what was looking for my grandfather .
And I also realized that I was going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my self .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s face , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-organizing politics affects how stories are distributed and restored .
Many boys feel that pressure , but the non-American boys feel that much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death , as I am , then you assume that you are writing stories about women of death , and it &apos;s difficult to tell stories about women of death .
You are expected to write messages , messages and types of stories , and streets of experiments and dangerous partners .
What I felt like a high school kid at MIT is now in the physical world .
Governor is seen as an independent creative person , but as representatives of their culture , some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
All of us would expect to have something special if not legitimate .
In one of the interviews of 1984 , James Boldson asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a gay author , Bollywood came to her and said , &quot; &quot; You see what ? I have nothing in me that is different than myself , and there is nothing in others that I have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination is trying to emphasize us , it dangers our liberty .
There &apos;s a mystery of what &apos;s called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world come together .
I will never forget my first multicultural journey to Harvard 10 years ago .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , one from Turkey , one from Indonesia , you know .
( Laughter ) We were brought together not because we were writing in the same art gallery or graffiti .
We were brought together .
Many cultural boys are expected to write their true stories , not so stereotypical .
It &apos;s a functional function .
In this way , it &apos;s not just for the boys , it &apos;s also for the masters to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story doesn &apos;t just come from the United States .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to respond to the words of my favorite characters in front of the court .
They were waiting for me to write about a constructive , multilayered , multilayered family .
My micro story made a difference when I was followed .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-traumatic stress .
Sometimes it was my desire to bring both sides to remind me that it was just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to simplify my work .
I want to love and celebrate the response to the nature of its nature , rather than what its outcome is .
Governor is right to express their political opinion , and there are very good political times at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the authority belongs . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity shares us . The statement is connected .
One is about understanding .
The other one is the details .
One is making boundaries .
And no one knows the limits .
The politics of self-hood seems to be built by faint daughters .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Olympics , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to eat boxes , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , and they were telling these stories very often .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sulfur , dead people , not dead people .
The stories would spread across borders like Hawaii Nashaddin , which was very widely distributed across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to push the limits .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian transitor is still reading Hebrew books , and vice versa , combining and embracing the story .
The truth leads to us .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books rescued an introverted , messy daughter like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of detecting books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was to look at Romeo &apos;s books and see how the words disappear in the water .
Sufi officers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you greater ignorance than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not consistent with knowledge . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know it , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us far away and unconscious .
There &apos;s a metaphor I love very much : life is like a partner .
One leg on the other is an extension , extended in a position .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
One is surrounded by large temple organs in Starbucles , and the other is traveling around the world , connecting with other cultures .
So I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the cloud of Tokyo , which has been the cloud of Osama bin Laden for over 400 years .
In Turkey , there &apos;s a place called the Johnny Day Observatory .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Normally we &apos;re unreliable about the kind of pollinators that make things happen .
We view them as kin selection for supernatural creatures , like water , that sounds like leaves and boils down despair .
But more of these kind of sentences feel like writers and painters .
When I create , I encourage disruption and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen next 10 pages .
I love the way my portraits surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a deadly woman , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are broken by our hearts , we can write about anything .
Opossum Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am living . &quot; &quot; And he proposed , &quot; &quot; It is . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is the first thing that students are taught in creative literature these days is to write what you know about it ?
Third , that &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Virtual literacy doesn &apos;t depend on who we are or what we know , or what we are .
We have to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who buy boxes with their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Every life , no love , no one . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the problem of autism .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and disruptive species .
And as a result , we build longer social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is funny . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
In addition to controlling video games , we had skyscrapers .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freud , the paper decided to give him a last game .
We want to visualize the lessons and then provide people with a teaching value .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive duty in terms of increasing skills such as environmental awareness , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , world and competence .
My big idea , which is really a very , very small idea , is to get the road to billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is colors .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the gender of my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I broke my head , I broke my nose , I put five paintings on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate the gene .
And in the meantime , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that more effectively , more excited and happy lives are needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the top .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s friendships have become sponsored by nature .
I was in lunch with a guy who was just four hours old last night .
I just wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sit for about five hours , this cookie would probably be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of cooking fire to show your own preference .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody had invited the suit and said , &quot; &quot; Would we meet the time of 8 ? &quot; &quot; They would probably have told you , &quot; &quot; 8 is pretty obvious , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get a red thumb to play , I &apos;m going to have two sonphones and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and efficient , but that
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the grave until it meets the Titanic .
And we had too many demonstrations with our Tunisians .
I feel like if the Leymah Bank government Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , the sister would probably notice the payload , because she was going to be sleeping for about seven and a half hours and seeing the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve been shared by several different paths all over the world : what &apos;s useful for us personally , what &apos;s more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and the benefits of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open the motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first found this common material to suggest that for centuries it had the same function .
Today , I use this material to create sustainable , scalable , scalable structures in different parts of the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got seven art schools and everybody was upset .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright scheme .
By asking for a Crimer Show , I got internalized , and I spent my time at the Mauritius .
The day of the construction came , and there was no inside .
We had to do something .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making potato sauce .
But making a great job was difficult and expensive .
I got out to the front door and I started to see how fish interact and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized something different , as a new way of creating a landscape , as a way of creating a landscape with no great material .
The first thing that surprised me was I prepared with these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lion King . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To photograph , we raised the network on the shelves .
What I discovered is that desiccation-tolerant structures develop over and over again by creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to research and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to create more and more stuff , to transform the scale of the object that you see into something that you can lose .
I came back to India after the fishermen that worked , and we built a mobile network — a million and a half links — that , in a short time , was demonstrated in Middle East .
Thousands of people saw that . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Soljacic , who renamed the city of Port-au-Prince .
He asked if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by saving my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , these properties infused the material with a standard method of ethnicity .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would look like the electromagnetic spectrum of the Sun , the pollution of the air and the atmosphere , but at the same time it would be so colorful that it would cause cold waste .
We needed something that was central to the dark net .
So we crossed the 20 tons of rubble .
We had to design an engineering solution to make the scaffold move from a fruit fly to a drawing boat .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect in Asia who designed instruments for the American Portuguese Falcon called Peter Hopping .
He helped me solve two problems : provide the right shape and the right shape .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the army didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with the rating agency , and I went to the battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no programming language that transformed traditional manufacturing using machine .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 15 square meter network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , sustainable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible , invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceptual space .
Think about it for the first time .
Before I watched the game , I was forced to find myself at the bottom of the airport and at the same time being connected to an unknown country .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want these space stations to create different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to explore two new directions in my work .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more subtle than the web .
So we tried to get a little bit of water with some mixed particles that make it smooth , and we discovered during the experiment that people could also mix with this material and go through without hesitation .
This is a standard material that I use to visualize the train tracking of the train tracks in the middle of the process , as if it were the x-rays of the urban system .
The next challenge was to visit the Soviet Union and the U.S. , and they asked me if I could visualize the relationship between 35 countries in the West Bank and their connection across the continent .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I found out in China about the last earthquake and the harmony that had been happening in Chile , that it had aligned the whole Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic walls of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally doubling the gravitational waves .
I joined the NOAA , asking for the tumor data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth was expanding every day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a rock star just like I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mythological foundation with dirt , tiny mold , 15 times flat .
It would now be completely dense and so dense that the building could be part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network of patterns and models in nature .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked the idea to adapt Times Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build classrooms that reach the highlands .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and abstract forms .
Now , I put them together with technology and engineering techniques to create materials , disruptive , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative obsessions expand .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in Financial .
He &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d been able to take out the building and say , to be under the table .
These people , despite the post-traumatic police , were now confused by their strangers , by other strangers , watching the creation , the graffiti , the graffiti , and telling each other the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexuality , we are utterly hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is embedded in this great region that has the present self and the present self and the present self , and how you can feel and listen .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right-hand shirt .
And at this point we are perfect , we are perfect and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is something else .
Our left-hand side thinks mostly and metaphorically .
And our left visual cortex is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a lot more in my body . Imagine that .
