By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : They all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
So what made me think about this is , at the beginning of this year , a blog by Dr. Miller , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing this way and that it was only after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself , when my body finally died from cancer injuries , my family and friends would literally write this email that I wrote , and it &apos;s going to be an active website . &quot; &quot; Because Meller was a journalist , his mind was probably well-written and contextualized , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating a tool that &apos;s completely different from what ever happened to creativity .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook customer makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;d better be creating some kind of picture and economic clips , or an app that was laid on a shelf .
And today we all create this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
Just to make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s going to be like today and the future .
Now we know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be behind our online professors and social media accounts as we die .
One of them found me quite famous when I was writing in Foursquare , at a restaurant in New York City .
( Music ) AO : Black .
Death : Aye ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too long .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
It allows you to basically create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones online , with videos , with postcards and storytelling that can be stored after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dean Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and to develop large amounts of data is increasing , it &apos;s possible to analyze a full life of simplicity , numbers , images , images , blogs — that we create with so many .
And I think some time from now on , our digital personalities are able to continue to communicate with the real world , much beyond our death , through the full simplicity that we create and through technology , the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your tweets on Twitter , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thin .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , with the improvement of our technical skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots are able to communicate to the characteristics of some sort based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being has made in its lifetime ?
Finally , to return to this famous scene , which was the night of the 2008 election , when the CNN column with a Hippocratic Office in their studio , Indra Cooper .
What if we could use this kind of technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually communicating in a very similar way , based on the complexity that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
And I think this is perfectly possible because the amount of data we &apos;re using and the capability of technology to understand them , is expanding exponentially .
Now to close , what we all need to think about is : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) So basically , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll just go ahead and play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more convinced that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something truly and truly true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , and this is the first computer virus .
As you keep proceeding , the mysterious line comes down , and it says here is 06,000000KO78RUS : The coding at the bottom of the code .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Study by trying to understand the meaning .
Basically , I went to Google .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them committed that , if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is a city called Santa Barbara .
Citywide , you can find this on some mobile phones , machines .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to St. Stanford .
And after lots of research , we finally discovered this website called WEBP , which was a Russian guy who worked for years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journal , and in this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , his dog , his girlfriend — and he has a really nice car .
This guy is actually practicing .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 rupees . For 20 children at Stanford , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had a stroke .
At the center of Stanford .
He &apos;d driven another car . And he &apos;d post photos to his blog .
This is his Maersk — this is Lda Smith . You can see the Left Behind .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had stopped . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had stopped collapsing ? In many cases , it didn &apos;t go so well .
The vast majority of babies still reside .
We don &apos;t know where the signals come from .
Very often very complex . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not going to be enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
This is what it &apos;s produced . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the elevator of this building .
They actually control one of these . And if Stuxnet acts one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math industry , you look around you — they &apos;re controlling computers . They &apos;re controlling computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in sync .
From the Internet , like electricity , most of the places , we clearly depend on computers . And it really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
You have another way of continuing , even if computers fail . ( Laughter )
So bias assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , and that &apos;s really incredibly important .
thinking about saving , thinking about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s something that bothers you .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I have a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of Internet crime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It will tell us everything . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything . We &apos;ve got to do it all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to do a lawsuit job identifying these network crimes — these organized groups that are killing millions . It &apos;s more important than defense .
Build software or Internet applications .
It &apos;s about finding the people in the stands and , more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the people who are normal .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : It will take you only two minutes to change your body position .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you have come ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s broken . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that are going on in the intersection , the inexpensive silks , the worldwide patterns , or do things with the naked eye , all the way down to regular handshake .
Singapore . Here they go to the Postmaster General .
Even in B.C. and the New York Times .
The implication is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , namely , sociologists , that &apos;s what we call non-verbal , we think of language , that is communication .
And when we think about communication , we think about interconnection .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs by giving them false beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life , such as taking a person to work , or stepping forward , or taking time .
For example , Nevena Aamabad , who &apos;s at the University of Texas , found that when people watch a 30-second interaction on a specific doctor and a patient &apos;s real interaction , their doctor &apos;s delights them , &quot; Would I give that doctor a judge ? &quot;
So they &apos;re supposed to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions , our bodies , are in common .
So what kind of conversation do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study paradigms , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I should start to get interested in the dynamics of authority .
I was particularly inspired by the uncomfortable outcomes of power and generosity .
What are the ways in which you think power and authority are not acting ?
In the animal world , animals behave a physical means of imagination .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jessi has explored this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
Hands are writing to us , in short , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When we face a strong and self-confident self , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They go in almost two places .
Whereas others stay inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be considered by men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed that .
And that &apos;s particularly important for the business master , because value is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to eradicate this gene .
I started consulting , for example , how does a college take these people who participate in the classroom ?
There are beliefs , yes .
For example , we smell when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pay attention to something like this , the bow tends to get a little more fun .
It works on both sides . It &apos;s powerfully true .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the function of the body , but can we change the function of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why is it different from the forces and the sounds ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and good .
They really think they &apos;re going to come out of window , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it actually depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong control , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indirectly , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new kind of roll , if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle changes .
Here &apos;s a couple more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the bits of a human being .
You shut it down .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
So here &apos;s the whole experiment .
This is the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already done .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies influence our consciousness .
This is how we think we can use your friends when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression in the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked to do a quiz .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is this .
And then the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no concept of the hypothesis or the conditions of the experiment .
And feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I encourage them to shape as long as they get there .
In response , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a doodle , you don &apos;t want to be yourself .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The artery came from brain damage in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to graduate from college .
that I am independent .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old at college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape it until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about until you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Lastly , I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your mind .
Make your strategy higher , lower the cortex .
Let me put it in perspective that you think your ability has failed .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s largest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people out of drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the perfect world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem solve the problem first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you this question .
Let &apos;s say we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve identified the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to just briefly read them : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , terrorism , population immigration , social conditions and water , and supermarkets .
We think biases are the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start solving these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was asked in June of Doc .
Of course , it &apos;s not true to get people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about oversimplification , it &apos;s about oversimplification of problems .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the reaction of Citizen .
Patients and mosquitos need to be solved by networks of patients and mosquitos .
Communists use U.N. peacekepers and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — to write what you think about the major superpowers .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember that we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the show ?
Please , talk to your neighbors for 30 seconds , and just mention that there must be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems , some of which are the least expensive .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have this discussion going on , please think about , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you should ask yourselves , why have you never made such a demonstrator ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be the first of its kind .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly clear that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a foundation of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a superpower , any kind of superpower , and of course we &apos;re still changing the progress from a two-dimensional perspective , but it &apos;s certainly far better than that if we actually did something about it and have a conversation about it .
So what I suggest is that we actually , for a long time , have had a lot of choice .
We could do many , many things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine you &apos;re going to a restaurant and you &apos;re given a big guy , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you check the box , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to do .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family assignment . It can be a very small assignment , right ?
You would like to know it .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out what the gender of these problems is .
And this is the main work of the Copenhagen .
We got the 30 best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Same with infectious diseases .
Three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on and so forth .
And the most popular economists , eight of the best economists in the world , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them &quot; &quot; the dream team . &quot; &quot; The college at Cambridge made a wonderful decision to call them Rel Masjid .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their creation was basically an exhibition of supernovae .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad that you asked this question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to fight for the first two , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They &apos;re doing some dirty work in that way , telling us what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically ended up on a list where they said there were bad programs , meaning that there were programs where one dollar investment was lower .
There are averages , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here from the very best projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very bottom , climate change .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the things people will say , I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because that &apos;s one of the issues where we have a disagreement with the exhibitions that you &apos;ve asked .
Why do they say that doing something beyond Cote , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no global hug .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
Only what we can do on this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average inter-economic model , which is the Cityoto Project , if everybody agrees to do that , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
In all patterns , it will only follow a global decline of 2100 , in just six years .
So a guy in Bangladesh , who stands at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can make sure that everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , sanitation , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very negative ?
Or performing an incredibly good thing through that money .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad plan .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that , if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The last project you notice is that I &apos;m not going to take all the numbers — infectious diseases , basic health services — and get a little bit higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is extremely important .
It can do very well , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , it gives us all this that we suddenly stand on both sides of the balance .
If you look at the best projects , there &apos;s a lot of scenarios and water going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that are going to need to solve the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people a year are being affected by malaria .
Loss can even make a percentage of the GDP in dangerous countries .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can halve that number .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the time-frame and global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
A common model , if we can get to the free trade and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and the United States , we can give the world economy a new one , about 2400 billion dollars a year , a measure of that well-being of the third world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very quickly , over two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive ways to solve the food problem , particularly with the lack of microbes .
About half of the world &apos;s population are suffering from iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
First is treatment , second is age-old .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where do we invest in the first one ?
And therapy is far too expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in designing for the future .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with the X number , heal and 10 times better , predicting .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our supernovaes .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , did you make it ?
Or have you come up with the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this issue is a central solution .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , just to see that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are a lot of other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
These problems where we can make a difference , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of the team of our dreams — it &apos;s a very good shape .
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need some help and we can help with very little ?
Or as Shelling said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be resilient , like a rich Chinese , like Hispanic , or Congo , for 2100 people in Congo , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it is that they were so nervous that they helped me to deal with climate change a little bit , and they certainly didn &apos;t care about my grandfather or a
If it doesn &apos;t correspond to our normal perceptions of the problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so well understood .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I absolutely want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to pick the Brad Pitt for his next movie in Tanzania to attempt a snake or something . ( Laughter ) This is not just a movie piece .
So in many ways , I think the whole consensus of Copenhagen and generosity issues deal with the real issues .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not just to make the noises that are in the media center , but to make the job better .
The next thing I think is really important to mention , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re nominating a choice somewhere out there .
Of course , we should do everything , in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , the developing world decided that we should spend twice as much on the developing world as it did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not as if we &apos;re on our way to solving all big problems all the time .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m telling you exactly that .
If any of you can tell Bach about this , it &apos;s very good .
But the main idea is that , if you have 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best budget , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best companies .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick example : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will ultimately end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have brilliant ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : They have to learn English in university and in English .
Most of them were , first of all , in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the pollution boundaries , and they did so and proposed their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were still the same : problems of obesity and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did this over and over again .
A lot of other subjects came together and a lot of students came in .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really excited , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to raise more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political persuasion .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do a work that gives you zero benefits , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good outcomes and just now . &quot; &quot; So ultimately , you may not agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be honest about saying that if we do things , and we don
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define farming and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were entrepreneurs , so we decided to take a path that runs across national boundaries and national governments , and to cut a long story short , we were going as far as we could go .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see along the way ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks up at me .
For the first time , the dog sitting perfectly understands that appearance .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; You know all the cues that we see that the Chinese hero is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s still surprised to look at me for a couple of seconds , and then she starts laughing , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the signals around us and how do we behave when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about getting it wrong .
Now you may be surprised that I &apos;m going to go on this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage : the lack of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least miss thinking that we can be wrong .
We get it visually .
We all know everyone in this room is doing a mistake .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the headline comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , at this point in time , theoretically it seems like they &apos;re out of sync , and I can &apos;t even imagine something I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings now , we go back to the present , we vote for elections now .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a little bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , being together as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that sense , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Great . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer this question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel it and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in the Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a little breakfast keeps playing , but never gets to a rock .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist flies by , and the bird rolls by a hill , which is normal , because he can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the caregiver doesn &apos;t have a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is in the air .
At that point , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us insist on the consensus of our own egos .
I call it false vacations .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal that will tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane and related to the culture of our society .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is splitting out surveys , and one of them looks something like this .
This is not a mine , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know definitely what you think you &apos;ve got to do with the child who wrote that survey work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , the duty of getting there is still a lot of mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , have embraced the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
Right ? BP : Customized , strategic , marathon race .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all the leaders , you &apos;re the athletes , you &apos;re the marathon people .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman has surgery .
He gets annoyed , the surgeon does his work , puts him in paintings and puts him to his room for safety .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting the wrong side of the vessel ? &quot; &quot; And she gets the wrong side of her fault because the surgeon has surgered her left arm , rather than the first .
When the chairman of the Hospital Department of Health gave a speech about an accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For nothing , the surgeon was sure that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something might be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy commitment to what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and then we make devices like , say , over 750 million light bulbs in Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what justice means all the time .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain that some people disagree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypothetical hypotheses .
First of all , when someone turns their disagreement , we just assume they &apos;re innocent .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make a third guess : they know the truth , and they willingly mix it for their unfair purposes .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can think of ourselves as another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yeah , because of that , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
He understood that our ability to make errors is not a metaphor in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally defines us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re widely trying to find the answer to that .
I think the quest for this planet is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times the phone call &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; sound .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a powerful woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; and so does .
But a few months later , I was able to interview Ira Glass , who does that communication .
And I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every part of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and readers , are going to give those stories back .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive circumstances and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to make mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something will happen , but something else will happen instead .
George Burke thought he was going to invest in Iraq , find a massive destruction , freeing people and democracy from the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his lifetime while he or she would be very old or diseased and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everyone was throwing away for a small group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t be fooled , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to be fooled .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , improvement and improvement ?
Because half of all , all the wonderful things that have to change the world , TED in 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We &apos;re telling another story .
I have another confession .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the discovery of magic .
And I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of that little space of your own legislation , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , complexity and determination , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sidney came up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi May Kamen , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prison Minister .
Nosee initially considered this intimate murder , but at the same time , with a small truck , she and other people started planning taboos in dozens of places in New York City including kidnappers , symbols and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were flooded by an FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing dropped .
Nosee was ultimately sentenced to the intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 with his Egyptian engineers and a passionate American mother and teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to a side of Islam that very few of the Muslims have ever seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are radically connected to their religion , and they think they must use all the necessary means to make other people live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to go to Long Island to give a talk .
He told me that morning I would go with them .
We got to a place called Kaluton , which had absolutely no knowledge whatsoever by our group .
When I went to celebrate , my father helped me keep the invitation alive , and explained how to treat the army about 30 nerves .
That day , the last postcard I ever opened , threw a little light on the top of the ceiling , and , surprisingly , everybody , especially me , the entire choir broke .
My brother looked at other men and said Arabic , &quot; &quot; My father is my father . &quot; &quot; Like a father , like a father .
They all got a good laugh on that commitment , but after just a few years , I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
These men , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of postcards to put the full minibus in the south central of the World Trade Center , in which six people died and killed about 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning obedience .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that instability in my childhood didn &apos;t allow me to get many friends .
Every time I began feeling good about someone , gathering and moving to another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I was constantly an atheist .
I was covering myself in a classroom to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more than enough soldiers in the classroom .
So most of the time I spent my time at home reading books and watching TV or video games .
And because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by short-term measures such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in Cologne projects .
The focus of my group was on the juvenile violence , and spending most of my life as a witness to account , which was the subject I was most interested in .
The members of our group were involved in different aspects of life .
At the end of one day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took days before that happened , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt the honor that I could win the chaos that I had spent most of my life believing was impossible .
Another quick survey came when I found a summer job at the Buck Gallery .
There , I would submit people of all different religions and cultures , and that experience became a phenomenon in my development .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and in fact , all drugs had a radical effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I found that many of them are the least likely , critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand , I have developed a sense of compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unusual for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the stereotypes that I was taught as a child with real-life experiences and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something beyond my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Go away . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be quite honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me realize that race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with the human nature .
She was the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Importantly , comments can come from places that are unexpected , and the fact that a Jewish comic is more positive about my world than my own grandfather , which he does not regret .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I &apos;ll stay in my heart forever while I &apos;m alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a spiritual man who had enough depression for the rest of her life , and she said , &quot; It is . &quot;
At that point , I understood how much explosive energy it takes to maintain all that energy .
Zack Abraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the inevitable ideology , I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do it for the attractive warriors and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that caused terrorism in their lives .
For the sake of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these non-obvious acts and judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simplicity , I &apos;m going to end here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and that it &apos;s not necessarily the father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The content is what they learn .
It &apos;s important to me .
I want to know those people who are behind my lunch break .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they rely on water to raise their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of drug use and our understanding of the ecosystem for restoration .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative vehicles .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
A sustainable pathway is an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can integrate and elevate the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
Drug addiction , which is a standard method for many people in the world of terrorism , is very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of hustles .
The process is very easy , buy the glass , stay away from the box , think about it before you buy the protein .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We cannot keep making this progressive if we measure its success by changing the frequency of the species including in yellow and blue .
But what if we ate insects ?
This includes a cardboard wallet , Thunnus albatross , a safe haven .
A card with a stamp and a non-random assault .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s a serious point , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My point is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , and the antioxidants and the minerals are helping the heart .
Amazing . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to breathe so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many of you will tell me that I have a problem ?
In adults , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The problem is we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value under the awkwardness of carrot attacks .
And we &apos;re covering that value with income per person .
So the restorative benefit is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be stated not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Google Gordon , but by Google Gray .
A cell : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to tell you that the chocolate cake might be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best cows if we &apos;re over-eating .
But we also have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
And perhaps the best part of the surprise is that it comes with half a toy : a set of Tobago pions and a central one .
It fits 142 pounds of Taliban with Dijon on on dry detergent and dry detergent , mixed with hot glue and quinoa with splendid broccoli , so thick and sweet , a little bit of coal and a little bit of seaweed in it with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from our diet .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about drug harassment ; we need to fear abuse .
We destroy the Earth , and then we begin to use the food we produce by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time for us to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a mess , but the weather is the reality that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to disrupt our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walers systematically lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a kind of shame that unworries the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to worry about it in our atmosphere .
There &apos;s a little hole in the environment .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground app for the unharmed nutrients .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we lower public policies , the media preferred to increase its use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to one more birth if we include more .
It &apos;s a prize I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandparents .
As a quick cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to minimize mass destruction .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less blunt .
They got more calories because of diarrhea .
They became healthier . I made more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was delivered on every scale , but it was delivered simultaneously in the building of the human window .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various types of representatives : small fluid scanners , announcements , beginnings , soda , solid .
The chef , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , were the shared forms of hallucinations .
We manage the skeletons to be more fluid , to more powerful , repair .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green line says .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big jumpmasters , those kind of models , the green wish I talked about earlier .
Well , if you do , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very comfortable with any big fish in the ocean , there it is .
You start with a large fish , 450 pounds .
Take the fat . Close the fat four .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four hats out of the marshmallow and then open up the best kitchen you have , the nine-year-olds and the thumb .
Give it a chance to eat this .
Ask your friends and neighbors , and maybe twice a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
I was fortunate enough to be a great cook .
And I was taught very early in life the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were installed in white collar paper and administered in large amounts of packaging and small amounts of oskeletal , usually with brine .
Until today , I tend to eat just like this .
I get sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
Amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about and that you &apos;ve heard about the condition of our oceans is that I &apos;m encouraged to tell you about that , probably the worst part is that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in the food .
Intelligently , what I &apos;m looking for is useful components that are useful for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for short and slow things that I don &apos;t think are slowing down .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come from my personal history .
And for the community , we start from the very beginning .
This idea that what we eat may not have a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that impact is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But more than our resource constraints , it is also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start dancing , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We need to eat bananas .
We need to eat mini-marathons .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my own adviser &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singing &quot; &quot; developed .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested in Robbins .
This is me and my partner , Jesus von Dorsey , one of the coolest moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbins to join the Mall , where he was going to spend a consensus on the World Mall , standing beside his former prison camp .
And you see the wall here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
And it was at that time that Madala spoke to the world that there was a real understatement happening in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this democracy , and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children than anyone else .
This influenced my thinking a lot because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that this HIV / AIDS epidemic has a direct effect on women .
So I went out of South Africa when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went on to every 4664 organized event that I could be present to . I saw Mumbai Allies , the interviews — most of them , using my best training as a musician , to address my entire patient &apos;s suffering and the disability that Madali has produced for his active struggle .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is building Nelson Mandela .
But does anyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa in their country — a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what happened there , they &apos;ll just go bump .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet State Agency , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , and is the founder of this incredible part of the campaign and an activist .
I met him at one of the 46664 novels .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
It &apos;s already a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive ; people who live with HIV .
And so because this subject seems to be the mystery of vulnerability , I say , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this fabulous company .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They have tremendous support for the people who live under the conditions .
They have educational programs .
They are answering questions associated with the mystery of vulnerability .
It &apos;s actually quite opaque .
And yes , my song commander supports Treatment Action Campaign by which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of well-being of HIV / AIDS and raise money recently .
Most of the funding that I got was actually moved to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work they &apos;re doing and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
In the Sing campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been to 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Congo trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to basically play a white , average South African audience who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re really excited , and they don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Aaron Molloyd , the head of modern health , was also at this concert , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly comfortable with making improvements in that area that are so necessary .
And this is the Scottish Army .
And then I went to Scotland to fight against HIV .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of reality of HIV .
That &apos;s my daughter at Edinburgh with the children of the great African National Church Group that I just kept on giving .
And just like these children , they are still when their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And to me , the great honor was Michel invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the War on AIDS Community in UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage myself to speak , extending my logic .
The message that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard worldwide is that we want to effectively eliminate the transmission of HIV / AIDS from a mother to baby to 2015 .
That &apos;s a fairly common goal , but we believe that we can achieve it with the support of political factors .
This is fully possible .
And here I am with a woman who is somewhere in the middle of AIDS , and we beat , and we hate , and we both hate , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is being treated and therefore she can live her life repeatedly so that she can take care of the child that she &apos;s about to bring out into the world .
And her baby &apos;s going to get AIDS from a mother to a mother , preventing a baby that means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
And this is how we have to impact the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Avelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been excluded from AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV positive ; she died of a AIDS infection .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she was suffering from severe AIDS symptoms , and she suffered from severe injuries .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathaus , and we spent a full afternoon with her , just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They produced a special meal for a girl who was following along and taking care of her .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So obviously it was a very emotional interview , which got us to memorialize , this baby , you know her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scaling of adults is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Alia .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have access to food and effective health care , and you believe in the developing world of the United States of America , particularly the fifth and sixth , which all governments in the world will inevitably face : Special Agency , can you please raise the challenge ?
I guess I &apos;ll be right if I tell you that almost everyone in the room has stood up .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Welcome . Excellence is a fantastic way to go beyond reality , and it allows you to do anything that science can do tomorrow .
As a peasant , I assemble the elements of curiosity and science so that you can feel yourself with the tools of the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re looking at the road , and the world you &apos;ve seen is combining information — names , lamps , buildings , maybe one day even with the names of the street you &apos;re in .
This is my mental illness .
It &apos;s a little bigger . It &apos;s a smaller .
When you look through a cage , you &apos;re transferring the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys . We need toys .
Like this : Let &apos;s say the next time we see this .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section , and let &apos;s start .
( Music ) Voice : The flag is ready . The pixels are transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t make papercuttings , there are four different signs : love , green , mood and bright .
Places are one of the biggest managers of all time .
Now , some people think four marks represent four marks a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink and — Voice : My favorite line is the ace . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a heat sink when the heat turns into ice , water turns into acid , and then everything disappears .
Each marker has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Each pixel represents 13 pixels of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Losen is one of the most powerful leaders of the neighborhood .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s a shade and a suntan that fires at night and a heat conversion .
Voice : Marco , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And what &apos;s the conclusion that a toy has 52 tickets , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of daycare centers , the number of daycare centers .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : Please stand up , not be real .
MT : By the way , it was my birthday &apos;s sixth birthday that I received my first battlefield , and on that day , I have traveled all over the world — gratefulness to access boys and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even the laptops and even the tiger . ( Applause ) NM : Who are these ? MM :
Sorry .
Jokie : Hey . MT : Are you ready ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;ll miss my suitcase .
MT : Be careful . Jokie : Hey , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Flying wireless is invented . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can you make it grow ? How can you make it grow ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course this is all working . Some people say it &apos;s the work of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in German , it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not so intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a special player , which is how you divide the cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? That &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s probably one out of 4165 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy : naming the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re virtual or not . Voice : It means the map is detected .
TM : That &apos;s actually true .
MT : Good vision . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the puzzle of making a photo every day .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was a high school kid . I was a high school kid , and I was happy to think about the life of elderly , teenagers and crazy people .
I was actually very tough , insecure and full of fear — fear of people , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandfather exactly the same way as I did when I suddenly heard a voice saying , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity and determination of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even after some weird , uncomfortable , hopeful , although I noticed that the weakness of the sound changed , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspeakable emotions .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A process of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told the doctor at the beginning of the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre comment .
For example , I was a student television adviser who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with the psychiatrist , who was very late , said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I need to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
From the start of the patient , I was diagnosed with a schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was exposed to tremendous hopelessness and awkwardness in terms of myself and my TV shows .
But being committed to perceiving that voice as not an experience , but as a symptom , fear is more empowered .
At that time , this was actually introduced to me by taking a direct action of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political fight , and it caused a lot of the sounds that were going into the dramatic and consuming war .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a heavy period of fear , disbelief and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt untouchful and incapable of achieving peace and kindness in some way .
Two years later , the test was profound .
Until now , I had the repertoire of the whole thing — terrible sounds , bizarre videos , bizarre and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until someone else was saved .
A broken and divided man started this journey , but the man who perhaps came would have been saved and ended up becoming the very identity that I was fortunate to have .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and purposeful compared to those helping me .
I know Elizabeth is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes a mother puts her in a jar , but she &apos;s coming up at the end of the summer . &quot; &quot; For 10 minutes , it &apos;s not enough to count all the nice and arbitrary people who fought me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that burning , only from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so intimate and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning that I used to think of as a verb .
Like the sounds that were killing at home I learned to neglect my own notion of fear and insecurity as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting there one night beside my parents &apos; office to protect them from the sounds I really thought they were .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do one final thing .
Do you know I have plastic peace ? &quot; &quot; My strategy .
By measuring this , I recently assembled the benefits of my stored self , each beaver exposed to a voice , and I was statistically removed from all drugs in a totally different way simply this time .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational hearing aids as part of the body of the vocal chords , a framework that was framed by Professor Mary Rumi and Dr. Saint Escher , who perceives the sound of hearing aids as a survival strategy , in the case of normal rehabilitation , in the case of normal rehabilitation , rather than the
This kind of equality is not only possible , it &apos;s also the way it evolves .
In other words , if there &apos;s social change , it &apos;s declining .
You can &apos;t order someone who is proud .
I can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to the voices has established the network in five continents , working together to develop dignity , unification and rights , to develop a new language and hope that unites trust and power embeds individuals .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a human being that &apos;s obsessed with basic processing and this basic ability to use cognitive assistance .
In this sense , there is no greater humility and responsibility for the society than making it easier for the patient &apos;s treatment to be able to witness , to gain help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to encourage them to be healthy .
We are a miracle . We are immutable .
In our inner circle , we can never really be culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time , a wonderful doctor told me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry about what else they told you .
You are talking about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images that you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital camera lens at the age of 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to paint , but this was a little different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a poster , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are images like this : road building .
But there is an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these images , both dark and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean a photocopy .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw images like this , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the possibilities .
And this has come up with a lot more ideas than I could have imagined for a moment .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret to the details or the colors to the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s a remote place .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of pixels of reality where you can take pieces of reality and connect them together to make an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that &apos;s just like three-dimensional , like this .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it &apos;s insignificant .
I see the same process in the context of photos .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
Rule number one : You have to have the same pictures .
Second , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with a single image without the constraints .
You have to come up with any idea about making images .
By matching the colors , the focus and the light between the boundaries of different images , by adding the photo details , like the depth , mixing the colors and amplifying the digital noise , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images into one single image , despite the fact that a single image can have hundreds of verbs .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Now , this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just changes underneath .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of different places .
It seems to me , actually , it &apos;s easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
By embracing this idea of sacredness , I knew that in a few months of preparation I would find a different place to take pieces of this painting .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
And part of George was shot in the rock .
And one more thing , I &apos;d make the house a little red , just to make it look more Swedish .
Really to make it happen , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with an exxement , an idea .
And then I start collecting images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and also at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Julian , brilliant alphabet .
It turned out that Victorians , your daughter , had posted more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media in the world is doing so bad , that a small group of activists are able to release more of that kind of information than the remaining media in the world combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we might say , classic discovers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information out to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in a box , in a basic way , imitated or not , in a broad media organization like a regular media organization and establish , a format that is sometimes very difficult to work at , when you talk about a vast amount of information , provoke intimacy and then provide us with unexpected rights and political beliefs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any vaccine , we probably lose that information pretty soon .
( Ringing ) The kidding .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP ; it &apos;s asking what the code of the TPJ is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look at an example .
This is what happened a couple of years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol &apos;s wedding .
This was a secret study by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruling Daniel Award for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphy forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they invaded this conversation about two million pounds into a conversation that was driven .
And then the government posted it , and as a political solution , it used Moi , who was the richest man , and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan press .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election — the national election , the 28th of December .
When we announced that conversation , it was three days after the event that a new president , Kleiber , was deciding to memorialize the man that he came out with , Daniel Raw Moi , and this fellow passed away from President Kiribati .
BG : And to put it very briefly , Kenya was not talking about the council rather than the council report , but rather the council , and you think it was really powerful in the results of the election .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and it was then printed in all the countries around Kenya , the Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , two days later , became the case that the gentleman in Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent with a genetic interview , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world ?
JA : Good job .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airlines .
Video is longer . But here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I should warn you .
Radio : The author says , as soon as it &apos;s happening , it &apos;s layered .
I &apos;m watching your object , well there &apos;s about four volumes , mmm , mmm ...
Man is free . Well done . Screw .
I was told when they were sleeping . Look at me .
Go for it .
Come on , break .
( Growling ) Stop . Stop .
Hugo — Budapest Spring , Budapest Spring .
We need to move now .
Well , we were also involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I bought them .
Tokyo Wii , this is Tokyo Wii , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Coke : Good job ! Yeah , good . I swallowed them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : The impact on those people who worked on it was huge .
Finally , we sent two people to Bach to study the story more closely .
This is the first of three requirements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people died in that condition , yes , that seems like two Ruters too .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters , two little children were killed .
Around 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exposure has become a source of widespread frustration .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great inequalities of power .
Here you see guys crossing the street , and then there &apos;s a 30 millimeter April ride in the air , and it dumps them all up , and it finds each barrier to do it and killing people who have survived the disease .
And there were two reporters there that were not easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis brandley Manning , who &apos;s awakened , and it turns out that the conversational video has also crowded up with 280,000 classified U.S. census data .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we were betting that we got those TVs .
He was installed about five days ago — 150,000 radio masts and 50 copies .
We announced a phone from the U.S. Department of Rice , at first this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew the janitor .
CA : So , if you &apos;ve got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , you &apos;ve got thousands of DVDs .
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , because this kind of material shows us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the remote controlled TVs , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why chasing a secret agent is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information that matters in the world , what kind of information can lead to improvement ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies spend an economic time gathering information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when they release that information , they hope it &apos;ll be a good thing , because companies that are well aware of it are actually spending a lot of money hiding it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people who are involved or indeed , for the vast majority of society , that a threat can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this since we &apos;ve discovered materials .
So we have policies of understanding threat .
We have a special way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — it &apos;s a privilege secret , but we &apos;re dealing with the discoveries that we &apos;re facing , the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for example , is a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a specific license to publish .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption , over millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you get it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people perceive and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think companies and government are secrets of .
The light is good .
But aren &apos;t you in trouble with the fact that in order to illuminate yourself , you have to make a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victorians &apos; toilet .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a complicated situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act in a way that people are morally inclined to pursue our privacy rather than to hide it .
CA : I would actually just like , based on the audience here — I &apos;m interested in the idea of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the character of the audience who brings this important light .
Dangerous predators .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a club , Julia , a club .
You need to try some more . Let me give you another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story just to happen , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a nightmare , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Mikumi River , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident that said that , in fact , security workers from some of the businesses , many of the multinational companies , were actually putting trucks in there and hacking them .
And that part of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleague up there had nothing written on it , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the sharp companies are trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
It sounds normal , it sounds like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that it had written , and she wanted to find the source for it . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what documents are it ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for this document ?
Is it really you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this email where the author was put on the name of Microsoft Word .
There you go .
( Applause ) Those things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our templates of identity , of taking any material and trying to get those people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Which information from BP ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re bringing a lot of good craftsmanship and engineering efforts .
And that &apos;s why our media feed has become less competitive over the past couple of months because we &apos;re reclaiming these systems because of social interest that we &apos;re excited about .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geospacified with our growth , and what that means is that we get a lot of very high levels of discovery , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and check these data .
CA : And that &apos;s the main puzzle , is it mainly the reporters and the journalist issue ?
JA : Hello . Now , reliable people .
That is , we &apos;re a society that &apos;s struggling to grow very quickly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we need to redesign people so that you have people who engage with the highest national security issues and then with lower security issues .
CA : Let &apos;s get a sense of yourself and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you &apos;ve had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made a film , and then they flew off the wall , so both the bridge and ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a component of the evolution of phenomenon .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , I was a young reporter of the year .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I stumbled across it .
That &apos;s why you have to be careful with the other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a way that you can use different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s most applied to the Ross Massimo to get your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s not nearly as comfortable as it was .
CA : Yeah , well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re taking into account somebody &apos;s national bank account , but what about your main value ?
Can you get them to some extent , and maybe some event in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the main values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs — they &apos;re providing them with guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other brothers , from the adult people that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : In terms of , do people who grow up to make irrigation ? Do you eat them ?
JA : Yeah . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , so it &apos;s not my fat . But there &apos;s another way to eat chickens , which is to manage crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my personality for a long time .
CA : And just this last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local media service was cited to tell the story .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . And then what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For each country , it was deep .
His bank section was the privatization of his own economy , and he organized the NGO .
However , we &apos;re giving this talk last year to Hollywood .
And national TV was commissioned to stop it from happening five minutes before it was happening , and as a movie , the contest on the media landscape opened , and the listener said , &quot; This never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed a website for the whole time as a videotape , and we got very famous in Iceland and went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this was never going to happen , and as a result , we set up a new set of legislation campaigns in Iceland to become an official monkey , one of the most powerful media companies in the world , and a Nobel Prize for free speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just one month ago , it was only accepted by the Icelandic conflict .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When you think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will give us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to advance the situation .
That is , there is a huge shift in the balance between the legislation and the legislation of freedom in the United States , China and the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And this is why we live in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only through a little bit of effort that we can move around and around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented an audience to say , Julian , be tough and strong and lead you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my chief leader , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting budgets and stories , nine of the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There are a lot of stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal pressure is very visible to the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art that I &apos;ve shown you .
And when I began traveling and traveling in caves , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to emulate the dream of becoming art through a more accessible new technology .
So we made a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of the cables there .
There &apos;s the desk of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Erigency , Riggers and Van Gogh gallery .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan Museum .
There are two ways you can stay , very easy .
Go ahead and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bombay , Mexico doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall into the park , you can bark .
Do you want a circular lunch ?
Open the hardware and give it a hug .
You enter in , and you have to go through the middle .
Move ahead , take the pictures .
Learn .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t yet gotten to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite paintings , the Pete Brigley collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this currency .
If the waltz gave us that picture , you could click on it .
This is just one image .
So it &apos;s all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;re used to using cognitive technology in our prison .
So this picture , for instance , is about 10 billion missing .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So what I &apos;m going to show you is what it means to be able to have 10 billion base pairs .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out very , very uncomfortable with his face .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the picture , and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called &quot; &quot; chocolate &quot; &quot; where kids drink flavor-coat on a Friday Street .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so you can see how far they were actually getting .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the foreground , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So fast forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite features , the Goddess . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at smoking ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We mix the images , it &apos;s like we &apos;re pouring in .
I &apos;m going to get to what I say in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo before .
Now on the other side of me , I &apos;m going to show you a very exciting opportunity .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait on the Web , your own collection of these pictures .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow a picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian image .
You can make records and send back to your friends and conversations about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So , I think the take-home message for me is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
And I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly putting art to the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to rebuild the attempt to go to the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just stops coming to the parking lot .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , telling stories , writing stories , and I want to tell you today some stories about the art of reaction , and also some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I will do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the circuit . In my talk , you &apos;ll be able to control a couple of circles .
I was born in Stockholm , a French family .
Soon my parents got divorced , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with many families where the father controlled the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up fascinating two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a highly educated , global , time-consuming woman with high value .
And from the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my view , but more spiritual , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who thankfully tucked in the grocery store and got distracted by this beautiful man who couldn &apos;t smile .
Many came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds , people or dresses , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would make words in Arabic , she would pick up a red card and drink it with colorful ink as much gray as they would like to take out of the skin .
And then he stepped onto the floor with one more piece of paper .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were facing my grandmother with a skin issue , I haven &apos;t seen him struggle .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the promise will help , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons I learned , was a very disgusting lesson , which is that if you want to destroy anything in your life , whether it &apos;s plastic , paperwork , human spirit , you need to surround it with straight walls .
And I &apos;ll take it inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born with a certain family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the ugly world that we were suffering from , then we could end up with a four-degree danger .
Our resilience would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . We would lose our humanity if we stayed still long enough from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our neighbors , our friends , family members — we &apos;re all close to everybody , if they &apos;re like us , we &apos;re surrounded by our phenomena .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a light socket , or they burn the wall so they take the pictures off the shelf .
It &apos;s an old Arabic norm based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the agenda , people who live in communities are at the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives and the aesthetics and the beliefs , the rich and poor in the East and the East .
We intend to build stars that are based on the characteristics and then discourage people to think about other stars .
I think the only way to win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can manifest the missions in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can lavish other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic ticket ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly worried about my mental illness .
I kept telling stories at home , which was perfectly fine , but I was telling it to my siblings , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid talking to colorful teeth and asking for help from objects when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But she didn &apos;t know that I was considered an incredibly embarrassing life , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my own .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to my self was a self-portrait rather than a self-portrait journey to other lives , but a potential .
I &apos;m going to ask you to marry a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then I &apos;m going to come back to it later .
Back then , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , wealthy , below the average that my grandmother had , to this wonderful , international school in Maddie , where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were learning about children from different countries , and yet this diversity did not result in colonoscopies , in our classroom in equal democracy .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed as not separate , but as a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit of the U.N. , which was very funny , despite the exceptional moments that happened to your own nation or your credit .
This kid or this kid used to be an infinite number of producers and goes into arms .
And I knew this very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of a man in my nation who had been killed by the Roman Pavilion and the Turkey Pavilion .
( Laughter ) These days , I was frequently excluded from classes and dreamed of becoming a oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen called &quot; &quot; Extression . &quot; &quot; And they were interested in how many calories I was sleeping every day because they thought all the roots were popping up on the planet , and they were surprised that from the start of age , I had to cover my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three principles in my country : politics , cigarettes and the leader .
After Spain , we moved to India , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my sustainability was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories made me realize that I was going to be focused , that I was going to be continuing and that I was going to be successful — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , which is a city I support .
I lived in many , many , many environments where I wrote some of my own poems .
I was in September of 1999 , when there was an earthquake .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , there was a scene that caught me off .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sell a shoe from the soul , never spoke to the persecuted .
She was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long and a half years , and she was holding a canvas down in her lap .
I saw this man with his hands opening the sandwich and he was surprised with this picture of the Greek earthquake until now it &apos;s in my remembering self — the conservative grandeur and the transistor lying on the floor .
Death and destruction and our country &apos;s unique and we &apos;re all identical , even if it goes on for a couple of hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but by reading well , we leave our little , wealthy apartment , and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and start meeting people we &apos;ll never meet before or maybe we &apos;ll meet later .
Within this case , I started enjoying women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more than a global change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a forger , not a clerk . I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; So with language , I &apos;m able to recreate myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very topical and emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in this world , is a global language .
When you start in a language , you end up with a severe and potential outrage .
Because as a beginning , we want to say more , to make better decisions , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there is a great deal of thought and language .
And that tender is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very tempting .
Then my grandmother , who had been tracking my life , began to instinctively insert in her struggles that I would marry so that I could get in one place and I would always be .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is homeless , I started life in Arizona and Sumbo , these two places in the world are very different .
I think half of me have always been a chapter , a physical or a spirit .
Stories have always propelled me , keeping all my particles and memories together , acting as an ecstatic sum .
As much as I know stories , recently I &apos;ve started to think that they &apos;re losing their magic . &quot; &quot; If &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; of the story , I think of more as a story .
I want us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I got a very interesting insight from a literary criticism .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American characters in the book , and there is only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that were happening at the University of Boston were very common to me that the English characters had to be much more than the lawyers , but I understood what my counter was looking for .
And I also learned that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my identity .
In the book , she was looking for a fool for a woman , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-organization is affected by how stories spread and read and returned .
A lot of boys feel this pressure , but the non-Army guys feel this more .
If you &apos;re writing a woman , like me , in the media world , you &apos;re expected to be writing stories about women of death , and you &apos;re expected to be difficult stories about women of death .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typography and surround yourself with your interactive , dangerous employees .
What I experienced as a child at the University of Maddie is now in the realm of writing .
Girls don &apos;t view them as an independent creative person , they view them as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some in Turkey , some in Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not legitimate .
My colleague James Baldwin , in one of their 1984 interviews , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a Gayesian writer , she turned to her and she said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing in me that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in other people that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it puts our liberties at risk .
There &apos;s a certain category called multicultural literacy , where all the books outside the Western world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural progression 10 years ago in the Harvard Journal .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) We were brought together not because we were writing in the same art gallery or in the same bookstore .
We were brought together .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is adapted .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the characters who were frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to give a speech to my favorite characters in the courtroom .
I was expected to write about a building , a hundred , multilayered egg and a hundred extended families with wife &apos;s eyes .
My micro story made a difference when I was touched .
Some criticized me for reading about the post-conflict conflict .
And sometimes I wanted to get close to both sides and remind myself that it was a real gift .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to simplify my work .
I want to love and generalize the reaction to its essence , rather than what it &apos;s going to do .
Monkeys are right to express their political views , and there are good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And only the last one is under the authority of the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity divides us . The statement is linked .
One is called unconscious assistance .
The other one is the details .
One is building borders .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were these mysterious stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to play scenes , telling stories to Muslims , often violating those stories right there .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice by categorizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them as ordinary people , even the liars , the death people , not the media .
The stories would spread beyond borders , like Hawaii Naxadeen &apos;s trucks that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk about each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian reader is still reading Haifa &apos;s books , and vice versa , combined and censored .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books removed an intricate , messy girl like I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he got to the prison and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path , from the shaman Terrix , and the first thing he did was he sat in Rumi &apos;s books and he watched the flowers disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than the intangible . &quot; &quot; The problem of modern cultural retrofits is not the lack of knowledge , we know a lot about each other , or we think we know , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us is far and separate .
There is a metaphor that I love very much : It &apos;s like life is a side show .
One leg on the other is a continuous , and it &apos;s buried somewhere .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are surrounded by severe trauma roots in Starbucl , and another part is traveling the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Samuel have probably seen the Pavilian Pavilion , the Southern Ocean , for over 400 years .
In February , there is a place called the Jane Project .
It &apos;s between buildings .
I &apos;m very excited about this .
Usually , we &apos;re unsure about the kinds of things that are going on .
We think of them as kind of harmful for supernovae , like water , that &apos;s like leather and it conforms despair .
But more of these kinds of posters need writers and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disappointment and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what happens 10 pages later .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying in a newspaper , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . Another book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great paradigm shift .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know .
Third , it &apos;s not always the right way to start .
Spatial literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what we know .
We need to teach our young people and open ourselves and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural myths and explore others .
After all , stories are like storytellers who are constantly sharing their circles .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of our lives , whether we love and love , God , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McDonald . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really moving beyond that .
It is so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together to solve the Virtual Choir .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less divided .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are so proud .
But of course , this is not an optimal condition .
We need to start analyzing the world more like play .
Before video gaming , we had coral reefs .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
It &apos;s really amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freudian determinants , the President decided that he needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then we want to give people the tools to get there .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive gifts on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge expansion , sustainability , world and enhancement .
My biggest idea , which actually is a very , very small idea that can navigate the way for billions of big ideas that are being put into us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women — stuffed in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my childhood experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of stress .
I broke my head , I broke my nose , I put five panels on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to wine .
And in that process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more motivated and more happy lives .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to jump through the air .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s resistance has become a natural currency .
Recently , I was having lunch with a boy who was thought to be only four hours old last night .
What else would I say — though I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of sleep to demonstrate its own benefit .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a foreground and said , &quot; &quot; Where are we going to meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 o &apos;clock is fine , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a radar to play , I &apos;m going to make two coffee beats and eight of you . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re sort of out-of@@
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Taniyama .
And we spent too much time with our Tunisians .
It makes me feel like if Leymah brothers managed the Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stand on the shores of water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this , because she was going to sleep for about seven and eight hours and watch the entire thing .
We have now joined a lot of travel time around the world , and what &apos;s helpful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , is going to help our careers and are also going to help manage the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open your motors and discover the power of your own .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about bringing back imagination .
I first discovered this ordinary material 14 years ago , wanting that for centuries it had the same use .
Today I use this material to create a stable , scalable , scalable building block in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person for that .
I never studied crime or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after the college is over seven schools , I got a performer .
I chose to be a painter — I was a painter for 10 years when I got the chance to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portrait displays , I &apos;ve built the inside , and I &apos;ve spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the exhibition was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The nuclear village was famous for disaster .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the corner and started to see how fishes connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized something different : a new way of creating a dish , a way of creating a dish without a massive amount of material .
The first thing that really surprised me was I made these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Loud Behind . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we uploaded the Web to the pattern .
What I discovered is that thick , thick , flexible forms evolve each time of wind , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to make more large-scale stuff , transforming the scale of the object you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I came back to India after pipelines working , and we built a network of manuscripts — a million and a half links — in short time , from the demonstration in Middle .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher , Manuel Sol-Marasters , who renewed the timeline area of Portugal , Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by supporting my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continuously , those properties were in conflict with the subject in a very specific way .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would detect the electromagnetic waves of the sun , the melting of the air and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain mostly hot enough to collapse .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton steel star .
We had to design an engineering solution to make the bladder go from the ceiling to the ceiling and the diagnosis .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and movable material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect in Asian who designed the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepper .
He helped me solve two superpowers to provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman did not know her .
So I hooked up a link to a garden maker , met them in a battlefield and figured out how to bleach it .
There was no language of software that translated this traditional hand gesture into a car production .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 150-square-mile network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceived space .
This is the first time in the meeting .
As I watched the wind game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the ocean and at the same time being connected to the unknown .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is a historical philanthropy citizen , and I felt that , in order to make it public , scale has to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a melting point of water with particles mixed with pixels that change shape , and we also discovered in the trial that people can interact with this material and go through without turning it down .
And I use this metropolitan material to describe the trajectory of the railroads at the moment of the process , as if it were the x-rays of the circulation of the city .
The next challenge in Denmark was the combination of North and South America , and I was asked if I could imagine 35 West Bank countries and connecting them across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I was reminded of the recent earthquake and tsunami in Chile , which has flooded the Pacific .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally doubled the survival of the terrain .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the tumor data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was expanding .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stable star in my own way .
It was very complicated .
The mathematical foundation replaced the wall with detailed ink that was 15 times wind .
The classroom would now be fully plastic and so light that it could be embedded in buildings there , becoming part of the city &apos;s block .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interact with nature .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a phone call in New York — asking for a call from Thomas Skerer or Heilland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build frames that go to the forest floor .
Though many cities don &apos;t yet have the money , I dream of taking these fences where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional objects and products .
So now I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering to create a tank , consolidating , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative horizons expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and he &apos;d been able to say goodbye to him .
These people in the Ptoleman police were now fueled by their strangers , and they were watching the creation , the wind turbines , and they were celebrating the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is embedded in this gigantic region , which is what it looks like today , and how it feels and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is a different one .
Our left-hand corner is thinking linear and metaphorical .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt softer in my body . Imagine that .
