By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people will actively use social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about — this was a blog written earlier this year by Dr. Mills — writing about science and technology that died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were writing this way and hopefully after he died .
Here &apos;s what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I first asked myself that when my body finally figured out the death penalty , my family and friends would interpret this message that I wrote , and this activist website would make it worse . &quot; &quot; Because Milo was a reader , his brain was probably better written and more sensitive , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been created into the brain .
Let &apos;s have a moment of statistics .
Today , every minute , YouTube videos are uploaded 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best case is they &apos;re going to be making some pictures and economic videos or an agenda stuck in a box .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital device that will keep on dumping , after many years of death .
I think for technologies , this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to emphasize a picture of what it &apos;s going to be like to be present and future .
Now we know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , I got quite excited when I was signing up at Foursquare in a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
E : Is that ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
ME : An idified network until much later .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a space for your loved ones to manifest themselves online , with videos , with photos and narratives that can be stored after you die .
But what &apos;s going on in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dr. Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
So in order for cars to understand human language and to generate large amounts of data , it &apos;s possible to analyze a whole life of abundance , numbers , photographs , video , blogs that we &apos;re creating with so many .
And I think for some time , our digital selves can continue to communicate with the real world after we die , thanks to the whole notion that we create , thanks to technology , the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your writings on Twitter , everything you &apos;ve written in order to make certain predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 50 years later improving our technology capabilities .
More importantly , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as people .
But what if those robots could communicate to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of points of human life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN was interviewed by a hip-hop player named I.M. in their studio , interviewing André Coup .
What if we could use the presence of our loved ones in our clinics in a way that &apos;s actually quite similar to the full account that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is perfectly possible because the advantages of data that we &apos;re using on our side and the ability to understand them , they &apos;re expanding exponentially .
Now , in closing , I say what we all have to think about : do we want this to become our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work for solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to join the environment , to pay attention .
Look carefully at Kurdistan .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
We wait a minute for it to melt away .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that one day we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as the generation of the Internet that created something universal , something true and true .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems associated with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 millimeter-thin monitor wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
And as we go on and on , the branch falls , and there &apos;s 0600KO78RUS written in the bottom half of the code .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
They studied to understand the meaning .
In short , I started Googling .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to lab employees .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with Russia , 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Copyright : You can find this on some phone , on some cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in Sensing .
And after a lot of research , we finally discovered this website , this Red Brigades , a few years ago .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog on Live Journal , and in this blog he writes his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his age , his friend . And he has a very nice car .
This guy &apos;s actually on fire .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound motorcycle , more than 400 movies . This is a perfect car for 20 children in Sanskrit .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a victim .
Singapore .
He rented another car . He took pictures of his blog .
And here &apos;s his Maersk — there &apos;s Lassa Sharat , which is the height of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I were here , I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime has stopped . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had stopped ? In many cases , the action hasn &apos;t stopped .
The vast majority of babies , even .
We don &apos;t know where the requests come from . If we can find crimes .
It &apos;s often difficult . The text police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not going to be enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It &apos;s changing very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . That &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapeutic controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have spaghetti .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their work . For example , the top of this building .
They actually manage one of these . And if Stuxnet catches one of these .
And then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a crucial infrastructure .
You go to any factory , anything .
Electric , chemical , mathematical factory , you look around , everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in debt .
From the Internet , such as electricity , obviously , we depend on computers . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We have another way to keep going , even if computers pop up . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So manufacturing assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t even there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important for sustainability .
Think about conservation , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason , I &apos;m the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It &apos;s going to tell us everything . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re going to have a danger to lose everything . We &apos;re going to have to do it uniquely .
And now we do it . We need more inclusive , global .
We &apos;re going to find these organized groups that are committing millions of lives , and this is even more important than conservation .
Creating programs , or networking projects , most importantly , in these relationships .
It &apos;s about finding people who are standing up and , more importantly , we need to find people who are on the way to becoming cybercriminals , but not yet doing anything . We need to find people who are normal .
But without the opportunities and the opportunities to use their power for good goals . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : It will take you only two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you have come ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the elements that are occurring during the intersection , the silver bulbs , the universal states , or the non-verbal states , all the way down to the regular handshake .
First of all , this is where they get to the pirate .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or movement , namely , sociologists , it &apos;s called non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnectedness .
There &apos;s enough reason to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs about the values .
And they can have a specific meaning in the critical conditions of life , such as taking human labor , or pre-frontal lobes , or taking time .
For instance , the Nobel Prize researcher at Tufts University has shown that when people are looking at a 30-second time span on a single medical doctor and a patient &apos;s actual connection , their doctor &apos;s love for the doctor is diminished , will I judge that doctor , which is not .
That &apos;s why they have to be used intelligently , right ?
Our brains , our emotions and our bodies are in general .
And so what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study assumptions , and I teach at a high school business school , and it was unexpected that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the notions of power and superpower .
How do you think power and superpower are not the ultimate medium of power ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more .
Jessica Treasure has looked at this sentence , which is known as pride , and found it .
With our hands , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s down to us , and we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
Here &apos;s what it looks like to have a strong and powerful meeting .
When we stand in front of a strong and self-confident humanity , we , no matter how far we fall , we fall .
I watch the movement of my students in the audience , and I notice that business leaders really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
As others go inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They are constantly less likely to be compared to men , and it &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve also noticed .
It &apos;s particularly important for business management , because privacy is so limited by engagement .
Business schools have long struggled to solve this gene .
So I started to wonder , for example , at university , for these people who attend classes .
There are certain things to suggest that , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we &apos;re supposed to cheat , the boy is violated with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit more happy .
It works on both sides . So that &apos;s how it works .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the behavior of the body , but can we change the behavior of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are the forces and wires different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that people who are affected are usually more comfortable , more self-confident and better .
They really think the window is going to come out when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least temporarily , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it in a perfect way , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit down or stop .
So here &apos;s the human part .
You shake it , you shake it .
She &apos;s beating her .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experience .
Here are the results of testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already going to work .
And here &apos;s what happened to the mycelium .
It turns out that our body language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
And yet , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
We think we can use that kind of power when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , no facial expression is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do that . Maria Laffers can do it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis is or experiment is .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It was just how people represented it .
And this is exactly what the polls decided .
I encourage them to shape as much as everything else can .
The answer is , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I got on a plane .
I walked out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always crazy and crazy .
I was removed from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
I &apos;m self-conscious .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years old .
I had no feeling , and he had , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you one way until you get near it .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do it so long that it hasn &apos;t become your part .
Finally , I want to add .
Small actions can make big changes .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you should do it .
Raise your level of testosterone , beat the carcinogenic level .
Let me give you a context that you think your capabilities haven &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s greatest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about supernatural environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find a paper and a paper because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from it .
One billion people is hungry for fresh water .
Two billion people are disconnected from the census .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many problems .
In the world we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that question in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem do we solve ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , disease , infectious disease , conflict , education , financial absence , government and corruption , abuse and integration of nature , circumstances and water , and suburbia and external organs .
We think that symbols have the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Davos .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have central problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
Of course the biggest problem is we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving problems , it &apos;s about solving problems .
And then you get , of course , a little bit more complicated .
Climate change needs to be solved by the Kyoto reaction .
Diarrheal diseases should be solved by the networks of hospitals and nurses .
Companies use U.N. power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is a little bit impossible — to write what you think about major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic invisibility over here , notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be at the end of the show ?
Please talk to your neighbors for 30 seconds , and just note that there must be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s greatest problems , which are the least generous .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m 18 minutes old , I &apos;ve already given you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions , and I &apos;m asking you to think , how do we actually define translations ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been set up ?
And one of the reasons is that restriction is extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many symptoms that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to create a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of generosity , and of course we continue to decide the progress from a second , but in an inevitable way , it would be harder than if we actually did something about it and we followed it and we talked about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is that , really , for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you a big room , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you would ask , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It could be worth one dollar or 1,000 dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small issue , right ?
You &apos;d like to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to determine the genome of these problems .
And the main job of the Copernican Convention was this .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the world &apos;s top economists , three spirits per area .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Sort of infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; Dream of Dream . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University significantly decided to call them Rebel Machine economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that understandable .
And their art , in essence , was a series of generations .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you &apos;re going to ask the expert in malaria .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to fight with these two , you can &apos;t ask anybody , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do this in a certain sense the short run by saying what we should do first and what we should do next .
So here &apos;s that chart I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the website as well , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a chart where they said there were bad programs , which is , you know , projects where you make a dollar investment that generated a lower income .
There are good , good , good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the spectrum .
A lot of people would worry about this , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say , I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did it work ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because that &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreement with your measurements .
Why do they say that Cicero , or Kyoto , is a very bad premise , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
It doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big problem .
What we can do with this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average performance of eco-economic models , which is the Citi Project , if everybody shares it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes through two to three times the most sophisticated methods in developing countries in the Third World .
However , it would be very little useful .
For all models , global warming is only 2100 years .
So a boy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money to get a little bit more output .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , we could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can make sure that everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , with sanitation , with primary health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money and do something very negative ?
Or in the middle of that money , doing incredible things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s just not our first problem .
The only scheme I &apos;m going to show you is that I &apos;m not going to take all of them — for example , infectious diseases , primary health services — and they &apos;re going to get a little higher , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this brings us all of a sudden to the two sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , lots of scenarios and water projects come forward .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
So here I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s leading cause of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people a year are infected with malaria .
Korea can even make up a percentage of countries that are at risk .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that figure .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the time-lapse and global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
A common model , if we can get to a liberal and specifically reduce the population in the United States and in the U.S. , we can give a new life to the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a staggering half of the world &apos;s fourth quarters .
Again , we can say that in fact we can get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very rapidly , within about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is going to be central nutrition .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , especially with the micro-organisms .
About half of the world &apos;s population is below ground , soy and Vietnam .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be solving HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases of savings .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of combating HIV .
The first is treatment , second , aging .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we don &apos;t do anyone , or we don &apos;t do well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is much more expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money we spend on ourselves , we can do the best X tokens , therapy and 10 times better at preventing it .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus more on prevention as well as treatment .
It really makes us think about our generations .
I want you to look at your heritage and say , did you get it right ?
Or are you getting close to where you are ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a primary solution .
Of course , we need to work on climate change problem , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
Those kinds of problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Silling , one of our dreams team — is a very good thing to shape ...
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical projections in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than we are .
And of course , we &apos;ll be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re wealthy , like you &apos;re going to be rescuing , say , a rich Chinese , or a liberal , or a Congolese character 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s odd that they &apos;re so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;re not really concerned about my grandfather or a Japanese
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , mainly because climate change is so good .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; Afterwards Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in terms of whether I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect Emerry to choose a Brad Pitt for his next movie in Tanzania , or something like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not the movie .
So I think in many ways the Copernican Convention and the whole spectrum of generations addresses the intriguing problems .
So we can realize that this is not about feeling good .
And neither to make the media look good , but to create a foundation to create better action .
The next thing that I think is really important is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re making a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
The developed countries in the 1970s decided we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re all in the middle of solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the key idea is that if we have more than 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real issue is that we go back and think about the best generations .
I just mean , do we have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have stupid ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only in two conditions , they have to learn English at the university .
Most of them were , first of all , developing countries .
They had the same material , but they could significantly go out of the suit boundaries , and so they did and proposed their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was the same evidence was that in the first place the problems of obesity and disease and climate change were at the end .
We did the same thing many times .
They got together a lot of other ceremonies and a lot of students came .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that gave me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I believe we should go some way to start thinking about superheroes , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I consider the Copernican Convention as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and hopefully more people will be collecting and getting more information in 2008 , 2012 .
We &apos;re also beginning to think about the right path for the world .
So we start to think , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives you great spending , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if we do things that we do and we don
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define heroes and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was teaching at the university , and my friend and I traveled with Providencia , Red Ellende , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we picked up a road that was going through the nation state legislation and national security , and in short order , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in rural Dakota , I turn to my friend , and he asks a question that fascinated me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see the way all the time ? &quot;
My friend &apos;s looking at me .
In the first place , the node is perfectly conformable .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the references that we see that the Chinese hero is portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He kept looking at me for a few seconds , and then he started laughing , because he understood what I was talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) Here &apos;s the famous Chinese hero defending the parasite . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about circumstances that look a lot like this — why we sometimes misdiagnose the signs around us and how we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris says , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m violating this strange career path , but I actually have a huge advantage : the opposite of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us are doing everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not to avoid thinking we can be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , here in the present time , are instantly slightly obscure about being theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to meetings , we go back to the present day , we vote for the present day .
In fact , we all live our lives in a little bubble in our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us , to take together as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are so stuck with our own judgment .
And then why is that problematic ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to revive that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative act that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authenticity ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Wow . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one more question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake of a Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where there &apos;s always a crappy cartoon , but never gets to a rocket .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the theater loses behind the bird , and the bird loses the button , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and it can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six , the stuntman doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until he looks down and realizes the air is in there .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t realized it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this mirror when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve had a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , that we have to stay within the consensus of our own right .
I call it false possession .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we have the persuasion of being right , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher detaches surveillance work , and one of them looks like this .
That &apos;s not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you certainly know how you think about the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes ; he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are the foundations of irresponsibility , and second of all , that the ability to achieve success is greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad lesson .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , supercriminal .
I always say , &quot; &quot; A mentor , a strategist , a cartoonist .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all major managers , strategists and mathematicians .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;ve gotten somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s the hospital of Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman is surgering .
He &apos;s unaware , the surgeon is doing his job , putting on the cards , and sending the patient in his room to clean up .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in an orphanage ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of it is because the surgeon has surgered his left leg , instead .
When the hospital director gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For whatever reason , the surgeon was sure that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The underlying belief that we all often have is that trustworthiness is not about the events that are going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can go wrong , and then we do things like , for instance , over 750 million light bulbs in the country of Mexico or the decline of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But this is also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
It means that your beliefs are completely out of sync .
And when you think that , the problem is , how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a lot of unusual predictions .
First of all , when someone poses their discomfort , we just assume they &apos;re invisible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and the constraints of our colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think differently , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture of themselves , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts as we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it possible for their non-violent goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from making mistakes when it &apos;s so necessary for us that it makes us terrible at each other .
But for me the most extraordinary and perverse thing is that it loses the full sense of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brain is like a retina window , and we &apos;re out there looking at that window and describing life .
We want everybody to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if so , life would be very glamorous .
Your idea is fascinating , not because you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine each other &apos;s place in another place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for that same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am .
So what Justin realized was that our ability to make mistakes is not a moral object in a human system , it &apos;s not something that we can ignore or sacrifice .
It mainly informs us as people .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other species , we &apos;re trying to find the answer to that .
I think the research on this planet is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about this public radio call this American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was this : &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a failed woman .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
And I said to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we recognize that every aspect of our communication has the same structure .
And the following is , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our hopes and procrastinators , are going to tell those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive conditions and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but something else is going on .
George W. Bush thought he would invite Iraq , he would find a military dictator , and he would liberate the Middle East to bring peace and prosperity .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his lifetime , until he or she would become older or diseased and transform the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girl in school , and grow up with kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everybody was giving to a young group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world is surprising us .
Now , forgive me , this conference is an incredible key to our ability to find the wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovations and improvements and improvements , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED , 1998 , ah .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work that way . ( Laughter )
And what is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another one .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the remarkable relation .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the limitations of the universe , the complexity and the complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Said Nosee came up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Kamen , the Chief of Liberia Security .
NASA initially agreed to kill immense amounts of time , but at the same time spent on small miles , and other people started planning trials in dozens of places in New York City including drones , synagogues and the U.N.
Fortunately , these plans were meant by the FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the International Monetary Fund was not predicted .
Nigeria , finally , was arrested for intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh , 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who were trying to make a happy childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few of the Muslims have been able to see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with themselves , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any given population , you &apos;ll find very few people who are so thermometically connected to their religion , and they think they should use all the possible means for others to live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that on the early Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were coming to London for a particular rehearsal .
He told me I was going to go with them the other morning .
We got to the site of Calton , which had no knowledge of our group , was controlled by the FBI .
When my hero came to break , my father helped me keep the invasion of my son and explained to me how he had been treated for 30 neurons .
That day , my last confession , he beat up the little light on the top of the document , and , lo and behold , it blew my mind .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s like the father , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s like the father , like the son .
They all had a good laugh on that announcement , but only a few years later I totally understood what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
This guy , finally , was going to commit 1,500 pounds to put a full money-laundering machine on the World Trade Center super-autonomous vehicle that killed six people and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people I used to call my wife , which means my brain .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to have many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being constantly in the new face of the classroom , I always became an advocate for making a hand .
I would hide myself in the classroom to be a doctor , but as it turns out , there were enough troops in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
Because of this , I had a social skill set that said , and growing up in a family of two , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by toxic measures such as human race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first experiments in my life , asking this question , came out in the early 2000s .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending a lot of my life as a guest , and that was something that I was much more interested in .
Our group members represented different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a genius .
It took me several days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural distinction between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and , ironically , I felt the privilege I had been able to win the championship that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another environmental document came out when I found a public job in Budrus , in a fun world .
There , I was interviewing people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a key part of my development .
I learned that balance is a man , and more generally , all of the dollars had an exceptional effect .
This enabled me to work with drug dealers soon , and I soon found out that many of them are the least educated people I &apos;ve ever met .
With the help of a child with a hand , I &apos;ve created compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unusual for me to treat other people in the same way that I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to reconcile myself to the experiences that I had learned as a child with an experience and an interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s given to me .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stuart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had a lot of time to model for me when I needed it .
Procrastination often can come from unexpected places , and the fact that the Khmer Rouge has a positive impact on my world than my own parenting father , which he never lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
And he looked at me with a heartbreaking eyes that would have someone with sufficient depression to live their whole life , and he said , &quot; What ? &quot;
At that point , I understood how much energy it takes to keep all that vacuum cleaner .
Zero Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the last connection to my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I &apos;m doing it hoping that maybe someday anyone who &apos;s committed to using violence can hear my story and understand that there &apos;s a better way , even though I &apos;m committed to that violence , the inevitable idea , but I &apos;m not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to defend terrorism , against globalization .
I do it for the spirits of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that brought terrorism into their lives .
For the sake of avoidance , I &apos;m going to talk against these unintended activities and share with my parents &apos; tools .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stop here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or to race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow the paths of his father .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagination is what they seek .
It matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for water abundance to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of drives from consumer products to our ecosystem to being able to rebuild .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If imagination is the ability to recognize and maintain , then rehabilitation is the ability to replicate and develop .
An emerging and dynamic system gives rise to our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and encourage it .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The evidence is that traditional media for many people in the security of the world is very common , they &apos;re very sophisticated tools .
Green , yellow and red wants different kinds of visitors .
The sensation is very easy , buy your elbow , remove the shirt , think about it before you go to the bathroom .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat green ink .
We can &apos;t keep this going if we measure the success of it by changing the frequency of the species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we eat just green ?
This includes a cardboard box of Thunnus albatross , a non-threatened species .
A card with a mask , not a random one .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But it &apos;s a headache , a headache .
What &apos;s the essence of this restaurant ?
Am I the average 450 pound man ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The bottom line is , we have to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , the antioxidants and the ants are healthy to the heart .
Great . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
Adults , we have a problem of spectrum .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we &apos;re hiding that value under the lines .
We hide that value by accepting the fact that the gold is valuable .
And we &apos;re hiding that value in income .
So the point of restorative capital is that it matters what we need .
The restorative benefits can be better represented , not by Joey , not by Philips or by Gordon fishing , but by Gold Greene .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new cake .
Well , I would say that a broccoli can be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best foods if we &apos;re eating them , of course .
But we have to eat it with a lot of shrimp .
The best part of the surveillance feature is it comes in a half-baked fashion with a series of Topaxons and Critic pieces .
It &apos;s ranked with a 142-gram pipe filled with a Dijon bag and a hot glue filled with hot glue and quinoa filled with hot glue that &apos;s covered with broccoli that &apos;s so thin and soft , a little bit coated and baked with a thick sheet of paper in the paper .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And what &apos;s great is that all those components are accessible to all the families in the world around Worcester .
Jane Oliver is fighting to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is fighting to save oceans for our food .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical treatment . We need to be afraid of it .
We named the Earth , and then we started using the food that we create by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Imagination is something , but glamour is the reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been many movements recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are literally leading the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shell that doesn &apos;t care about food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made of green doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our mouth .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade designed for eating unconditioned food .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
Before we lower public policies , media calls for more drug use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can have a birthday if we include more .
It &apos;s the key I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our ancestors .
As a breakthrough , I understand that the easiest thing for me to do is to break down the barriers .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to make it .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the things that got less white .
They got more calories because of multilateral food .
They got healthier . I made more money .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the human window .
The other thing that we did was we started to multiply various types of expressing : little fluctuations , notes , rubber , syringe .
The chef , the media , the police , the campers , the Tibetans , the general forms of the alphabet .
We &apos;re directing smells towards more density , towards more frustrating , restorative differences .
That &apos;s what we need to value .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big nodes , the kind of model , the kind of green wants that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 pound fish .
Take the meal . Take the fish four .
Throw them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples with a prisoner &apos;s dilemma and then open up the best kitchen you have , the five apples and the tune .
Can you eat this ?
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and repeat the age once , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think producing components , making food , and eating are part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included a whole bag of chips , and they talked to a lot of chips and a little bit of ozone , usually with bread .
Up until now , I eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s amazing .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about our oceans , and I &apos;m pleased to tell you that perhaps the greatest number you &apos;ll ever hear is that your mother was right .
Three strokes .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Instead , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , peaceful , sexy things that I don &apos;t consider .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for ingredients that come from my own story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about how that effect works and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just our resource resources ; it &apos;s also the global world that we call the process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to divide the rest , we &apos;re going to divide , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We have to eat potatoes .
We have to eat small tentacles .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my introduction , the song .
In November of 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 foundation of Nelson Mandela , the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robben was incarcerated .
Here I am with Jesus United States , one of the most amazing moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come to Mendel , where he was going to spend the computer in front of the global monument sitting in front of his former prison camp .
And here you see the wind tunnel .
This was a huge event for everyone .
Right now , Madagav introduced himself to the world that there is real harm going on in his country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in the multiple countries , and that there are more vulnerable groups than there are women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV epidemic had this effect on women .
So I went back to work when I left South Africa , when I left Copenhagen , I yelled at myself , &quot; &quot; I &apos;ve got to talk about this .
I need you to serve me for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following , I went through every 464 organization that I had to be present to . I saw Mamluk Mausoleans , the interviews , the most common question I &apos;ve ever had as a musician , speaking up for all of my treatment and the disability I &apos;ve ever had in my life to do this for my own work .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world grows up with Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in rural Africa , in her country , a country with the highest HIV / AIDS transmission rate ?
I think if I now go out and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;re just going to fall over .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting with Al Qaeda , who is the founder of the treatment Action Campaign , the foundation of the HIV / AIDS Committee , an unbelievable part of the campaign and an activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 apps .
He was wearing this kind of sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
It &apos;s already a tool . It tells you that I am in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who are living with HIV .
And so because this looks like a bit of a mess , I &apos;m wearing it , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be a meme . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is an announcement made by ordinary people , which 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV .
They &apos;re giant aid to the people who live on the ground .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re answering questions about controversy .
The act of conducting is really rather awkward .
And yes , my Song propaganda supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I got was done right away , went to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my Swing campaign .
In the Sing Club , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oslo , New York , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in the Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to play mainly a bacterium , in front of an average South African class who finally got excited , because I &apos;m using a movie that really touches the heart of this devastating conclusion and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are very disappointed , because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Austin Moscow , the current Health Program , has also been in this system , and I &apos;ve been able to meet him , and he &apos;s been able to instantly make changes in that area that are so important .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I became a veteran of HIV in Scotland .
I was showing them my experience , and again I was trying to raise the level of HIV .
And here &apos;s Ken Edinburgh with the kids of the great African Singapore , who I just love .
And just like these children , there are many babies who are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a big surprise that Mitchell invited me just a few months ago to become the victim of the fight against HIV .
And that &apos;s exactly how I encourage my speech to spread my wallet .
So what UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard right now is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from a mother to 2015 .
That &apos;s a fairly common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved by the support of political tools .
It &apos;s just possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we beat , and we beat both , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting a cure and her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is going to make light .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitter , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of viruses in the very beginning of life .
And this is exactly how we should be living with HIV .
Now I just want to close by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell his story to everyone , because he &apos;s one of the millions of children , one of the millions of children who have been deprived from AIDS .
Alia &apos;s mother was HIV-positive . She died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she was already witnessed with anti-AIDS drugs , and she was also suffering from diarrhea .
We met her in one of the hospitals in Eastern Cape , and we had a whole bag out of her , just a sick baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They made special food for a girl , who was following and keeping her awesome .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know , because we filmed his story , would he win this ?
So it &apos;s obvious that this was a very emotional meeting that kept us open , this kid , so you know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They were lost because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is a transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scheme of disability is actually for physicians and doctors who have been inspired for Avalil .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you to consider , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have nutrition and effective medical care , and you believe that in the developing world of the United States of America , in particular the third and fifth , which all governments in the world must inevitably be able — I would say , &quot; &quot; Can you please God ?
I think I would be right if I said that almost everyone in the room would stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Expertise is a fantastic way to go from reality , and it allows you to do everything that science will do tomorrow .
As a peer-to-peer , I assemble the areas of excitement and science so that you can feel the implications of the technologies of the future yourself .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the toilet and you see the world collecting information , letters , letters , factories , maybe one day even in the street with the names of the passengers you have .
Here &apos;s my mental statement .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the maze , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Like this . Let &apos;s say next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The pen is ready . The pen is ready .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work on a piece of paper , it &apos;s made up of four different notes : love , green , evil and ugly .
Play is one of the most extreme endeavors of all time .
Now , some people think four cues of code a year .
E : Ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh .
It &apos;s a bit like a magic trick . It &apos;s a pollution trick when heat turns into ice , water turns into steam , and then everything disappears .
Each note has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Each pixel represents 13 pieces of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the progression , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : The sun is one of the most powerful enthusiasts of all time .
MT : There are two colors in the toy .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun warming up at night and at night .
Voice : Sorry , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that a 52-year-old lottery ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of daycare centers per birthday .
Keep going . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t be real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday present , and on that day , I traveled all over the world — including the joy of bringing boys and girls , men and women , husbands and grandmothers — ( Applause ) Just for those of you who are these . MM : Yeah , these are entrepreneurs . You know ?
Sorry .
JH : You &apos;re ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I advise my client .
MT : Good luck . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the same toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? How should it work ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean it 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Twenty-seven is a little bit crazy , but of course it &apos;s all working . Some people will say that pleasure is the act of the hand of superficial forces . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I &apos;m just saying , no , no .
More correctly , in Germany , it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Nice , Nice . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a professional player , which is how you cut maps with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s probably 4165 to one .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my cartoons are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MTT , and so I &apos;m staying close to the latest and most important toy , meaning the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not vital , so no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TMT : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Silence . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the challenge of taking a picture every day .
I was never so comfortable .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was happy to think about the life of older people , young people and travel elephants .
As a child , I was actually very difficult , unsafe and totally freaked , from people who were scared , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , by the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandfather , just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and the pay .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks to reproduce whatever I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t either different or even hopeful after a while , although I noticed that soundscape was changing , and it was occasionally improving my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , if I could hide my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear sounds and the fact that I was sure nothing was really there .
I told my doctor at the university .
And to be honest , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student on television who was interviewing the news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was very late , and I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow faster .
First of all , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , I was diagnosed with a tremendous amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my films .
But being committed to perceiving that sound not as an experience , but as a sympathy , fear in the sense of it and addressing it is more robust .
This was at the time , in essence , representing a kind of relationship between my own mind , a kind of psycho-political war , and this caused a lot of the sounds that went into being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , misery , insecurity and uncertainty started a difficult period of time , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and unable to achieve peace and awareness .
Two years later , the test was parallel .
So far I &apos;ve had a whole performance repertoire : awful sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of frustration and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
A cutting-edge person started that journey , but that person who came there was saved and ultimately made it the personality that I was privileged to have .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories become rich and poor compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother &apos;s in the jar , but the whole month is coming . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the good-looking people who fought with me and for me , and those who were waiting for me to come back from that misery just outside .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so abstract and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning , which I used to describe as literal truth .
For instance , the sounds that were being pitched at home , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real victim .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents one night in the room protecting them from the sound consumption that I thought was real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; Do one thing . &quot;
Do you know I have a plastic lamp ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By embracing this , I was recently collecting the details of my stored self , in a voice that was expressed in every single brand , systematically separated from all drugs , again , psychotherapy , only this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very honored to be part of an international organizational movement listening to sounds , a preconceived notion from Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandy Echers , who &apos;s hearing sounds like a survival strategy , in case of a normal reaction , rather than a subject for physical therapy , which requires a different kind of discipline , another kind of discipline that needs
This kind of inequality is not only possible , it &apos;s also how it evolves .
In other words , if there &apos;s social change , then it &apos;s extraordinary .
You can &apos;t get a person who &apos;s proud .
I can &apos;t press the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to voices has created in the 26 countries in five continents , and together , the combination of values and uniqueness and rights across people with intellectual disabilities in terms of new languages and hope that represents uncertainty and power .
As Peter Levine put it , the human animal is a vehicle that is equipped with the basic quality of treatment and the cognitive ability to use this platform .
In this way , there &apos;s no greater leverage and willingness for society than to facilitate that process of treating the patient — to witness , to unlock the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their healthcare .
We are victims . We are inevitable .
What &apos;s inside of us is never really culturalized , changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
Once a wonderful physician said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what they said about you .
You bet on you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are pictures you can &apos;t get with your filter paper .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed with the curiosity of my early painting , but this was a little bit different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you shoot carefully , the process ends when you shoot a button .
And for me photography means being in the right position .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something that was different , where the process starts when you cut the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected environment here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures are both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve the part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photography .
Because , of course , images like this are not really possible , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were somehow possible to film .
Images , for a moment , need a moment to think about the potential .
And this has a much more conceptual picture than I &apos;ve ever imagined .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the microbes or the colors in the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we visualize the world and how we can call it reality at the scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the principles are very simple .
I see it as the pieces of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them to one another and make an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re manipulating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that this makes no sense .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a combination of different realities .
Photographs are more real , I think , than we even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in synthesis , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we have to follow to make the reality come alive .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is : The images that consist should still have the same facts .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made from the same height and also from the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s not possible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images and make them without consent .
You have to discover any idea about image making .
By applying colors , focus and light across boundaries of different images , by adding photographs , like , for example , depth , by coloring and magnifying digital noise , we &apos;re bringing the differences between different images and the same image , although a photograph can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of all sorts of different images .
It seems to me , in fact , that it &apos;s much easier to make any environment than to find it right here , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to conclusions to ask questions .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of waste , I knew I had a few months to prepare to find various places to get these photos .
For example , this fish was shot in fisheries .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of Jay was photographed in the womb .
And one of the things that I did was I made a little red button to make it look a little bit more urban .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with exhilaration , ideas .
And then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result can be quite beautiful and still be true .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julian , good luck .
It turned out that WikiLeaks , your daughter , published much more detailed documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assange . Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so terribly bad that a small group of activists can share more of that information than the rest of the world &apos;s monkeys can share ?
CA : So how does it work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secure their secrets ?
JA : So these , as we can say , are classical detectors , and we have a lot of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re just using the highest secret of all the materials on the Internet to hide behind , to go through various rights like Sweden and Belgium in order to use legal protection .
We get information in a box , we get it in a box , we blog , we blog , we blog , we post , we post , we post , sometimes , a very difficult task , when you talk about a vast number of information , publicly available , and then we protect ourselves from unexpected legal and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents make sense , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yes . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any puzzle , then we might as well dismiss it .
( Video ) Narrator : The wind blows .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , and he &apos;s asking what the code of the TEDTalk is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look at an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this path ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karl &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll that came out of the government of Kenya after the 2004 election .
By 2004 , Kenya was driven by Daniel de Maui , about 18 .
She was a daughter in Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphy forces that were trying to clean up Kenya from Corruption , they invited this talk , and they spent about two million pounds on a conversation that was driving .
And then the government stopped it , and as a political solution , Mao Tse-tung used Mao Tse-tung , the most brilliant man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of genetic journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the National Elections , December 28 .
When we opened that conversation , it was three days after the next thing that a new president , Kepler , decides to think about the person who came out to meet Daniel Ashraf Mau , and this speech , he invited president to Kepler .
CA : And in a nutshell , the conversation about Kenya was not about legislative journalism , it was about independence , and you think it &apos;s really not about elections .
JA : There you go . And this is the headline of Google , and then it was written in all the countries around Kenya , in the Tamil of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it blew up .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that the Dalai Lama spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent based on a genetic test , which changed the outcome of choice .
CA : So , what kind of data on your side really changed the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So now we &apos;re just showing a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a powerful seed — I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer said it was their home — click .
I &apos;m measuring your object , oh , there &apos;s about four computers — oh , friendly ...
Man is free . All right . Get ready .
I &apos;m told when they cheat . Right ?
Don &apos;t worry .
Well , no .
( Gunshot ) Thank you very much . Thank you very much . ( Gunshot ) Thank you very much .
And then , second-hand , second-line , second-line , second-line .
We have to move now .
Well , we got caught in action .
Now , we see two birds , and we still have them .
Rogers . I grabbed them .
Two-six , that &apos;s two-six , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , thank you . What happened ?
Good morning , Kamen . All right , here we go . I stole them .
CA : What impact did that have ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two warheads to Baidd to study a smaller story .
This is just the first of three statements that happened in that area .
CA : And I would say that 11 people died in that arrangement , yes , that seems to be two Rutgers &apos; work .
JA : There you go . Two Rutgers &apos; workshop , two little boys were hired .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this presentation has become the source of proliferation .
What was the real reason , you know ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see boys who are walking barefoot on the street , and there &apos;s a 30-millimeter drop in the air , 30 million atomic objects spraying on everyone , looking for each species to do that , and killing people who are saving lives .
And there were two journalists there that were not easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , has been collected , and it &apos;s been estimated that , in fact , in conversation , this video has been documented as well as 280,000 American classified television shows .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we worried we &apos;d gotten these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago for 150,000 telephones and 50 installations .
We had a telephone from the U.S. Department of Representation earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
My idea is that I was one of those interviews I knew .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , you &apos;d have thousands of DVDs .
JA : We would love them . ( CA : Y &apos;all ? ) JA : Y &apos;all ? ( CA : Y &apos;all want to ... ) JA : Well , because this kind of material shows what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual violation of human rights in those governments .
If you look at unfolded television , you can see what material there is .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is right ?
JA : Well the question is , what information is important in the world , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When businesses spend money on information to gather information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information comes out , there is hope that it will do something good , because businesses that are best known to , outside the country , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a secret to individuals involved or , really , for the vast majority of society , that a challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our material , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have policies of misunderstanding .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re dealing with the discoveries that we &apos;re familiar with , the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for example , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a particular argument to save .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption that there are millions of people around the world that the U.S. military is human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you get it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , in Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and mindset that they pay for that , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to shine light on what you think companies and the secret secrets of government are .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t it easy to find the fact that in order to photograph you have to make yourself a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an alcoholic of other sources .
If they appear , it &apos;s a very complicated situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to keep our cleanliness , not to hide it .
CA : I would actually like , based on only our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing the belief of TEDsters .
You know , there could be two types of WikiLeaks and Julian .
You know , hero , the hero of the hero who brings this important light .
Pretty scary .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : A loud noise , Julian , a loud noise .
You need to try a little bit more . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re doing it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that &apos;s just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JA : So this is a little bit later , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , there have been a number of events in Albania , like the Mississippi , but not so much .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis that actually said that security workers from some of the fruits and vegetables were actually there and they were thrown away .
And that part of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And there was nothing written on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t afford it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what .
So we were a little bit stressed out , thinking maybe some bottleneck company was trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re getting into this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it sounds right , but we can &apos;t afford it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what is a document ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the author &apos;s name was written on the Mechanical Worth radio .
There you go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
So this is one of our methods of simulating any material , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from PISA ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and we have a lot of technological effort .
And so the top of our articles in the last few months has become less commercial , because we &apos;re reclaiming systems because of interest in our overall social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization is growing , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to constantly check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main catalyst , mainly the reporter and the reporter ?
JA : There you go , and trustworthy people .
So we &apos;re a population that &apos;s rapidly growing , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and that &apos;s why we need to be recombined so that we have people who are going to be dealing with the highest security issues , and then with lower security issues .
CA : Let &apos;s individually understand you and how this works .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two fires ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is the component of phenomenal development .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
That &apos;s why you have to feel the other word .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by rice math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this phrase is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , most adults don &apos;t make tofu ; they feed them to snakes .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a different perspective , from the older people who have been in my life .
CA : So , people of the age , don &apos;t they want to make fun of ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and it &apos;s not my kind of thing to eat , but there &apos;s another way to eat chefs , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
You actually put something in there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news servers thought the story was unpublished .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very similar to Iceland . And then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country it was the biggest asset .
His bank sector was the top 10 percent of his economy in the GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re in Hollywood last year .
And National television was forced to stop it five minutes before it got released , and as in the movie , it appeared on the news table , and the reader shouted , &quot; This has never happened before . What shall we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site all the time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And the community was so empowered that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political tools and other international legal experts in Iceland , we created a new kind of law kit for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful press efforts in the world and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was accepted by the Icelandic soldier .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will be more of us , or will we be more secretive , or will we be watching the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge amount of pressure going on between the E.U. , China and the U.S.
What &apos;s next to development ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we live in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only a little bit of effort that we can move around or around .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;m speaking to the audience , saying , Julian , you &apos;re excited , strong and powerful .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my boss , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting talks and stories , which are 17 interesting courses in the city .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very viewed on the screen , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve got a great education , I &apos;m not perfect , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and performance works of art .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming an art gallery with more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful number , a number of wonderful people , and we started working .
So maybe I &apos;ll show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these light bulbs there .
There &apos;s the wavewater tree , there &apos;s the timeline , there &apos;s the Astronoman tree , there &apos;s the Royce and there &apos;s Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite subway in New York City .
There are two things to keep in mind — very cool .
Come here , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t mean where you are ; it doesn &apos;t matter where you are ; it doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in love . You can fall in love .
Would you like to circle around ?
Open the mouth and pour in .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move right , take pictures .
Listen .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite pictures , Peter Brownian brothers in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the candle were given to us , you could stick on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but now I &apos;m going to hide it .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , has about 10 billion missiles .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things on the picture .
This guy comes out very , very unlikely .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking at it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
So I did a little research , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered this is a game called Seoul , which kids pass through seatbelts on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so you can see how far they were actually coming .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite pieces , the night of the Good Night , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this .
We take the picture , it &apos;s like we &apos;re in the picture .
I &apos;m going to reach out to my favorite paintings of this painting , and I &apos;m really going to reach baby crabs .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now , on the other hand , I &apos;m going to show you my favorite opportunity .
There are many different things in there , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Cut .
Each of you , every one of you , doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait online , your own collection .
It &apos;s very cool , you know , inside of us , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Movement . &quot; &quot; You can change the scale of the image .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian image .
You can type in reviews and send in your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these key factors .
So I think , as a conclusion , the most important thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the walls .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing images .
It was my testing .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re shortly demonstrating the works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it in order to reinvent the walls ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It simply lets you go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write pages , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and also some of the supernatural things called water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use a body of metaphor , a circle . In my talk you &apos;re going to have a few circles .
I was born in Stockholm , a rural family in France .
Soon my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
At that moment , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Africa , it was a little bit extraordinary .
Our surroundings had been filled with several families where the parents were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two types of women .
My mother , on the one hand , was a good educator , a good educator , a world-class , an educated woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very emotional in my view , but with more intellectual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was fortunate in the bush with a piece of delicious , and she got terrible pictures of her husband hanging out with no eyes .
Many came to visit my grandmother with heavy bullets on the hands .
Every time my grandmother would have a word in Arabic , she would take a red cheese and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to leave the area of the skin .
And then , one night , he was lying in a supernova .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these kinds of things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who were addressing my grandmother had mental problems , I didn &apos;t see that he was going to be addressed .
I asked my grandmother how he did it . Was it the power of shame ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , promise does help , but you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve come across a very narrow set of lessons , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s physical , prostitution , or human spirit , you have to surround it with immediate
And I &apos;m going to read it from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a certain family , a certain nation and a classroom .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the ugly world that we have , then we could have a four-inch threat .
Our heritage would be shrinking . Our hearts would be shrinking . Our humanity would be shrinking if we stayed still long ago from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our celebrities .
Another thing that my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a light socket , or they cover the wall so that the photograph can be erased from the side .
It &apos;s an old archaeological norm based on the belief that it &apos;s not healthy for man to spend a lot of time in the face of his father .
With the help of graphics , people like this , who live in communities , are at greatest risk in the globalized world .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — liberals , conservatives , aesthetics , beliefs , wealth and poverty , East and East .
We intend to build buildings that are based on the appearance and then remind people of different planets .
I think the only cultured thing to win is this reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the discoveries within our mental walls .
And so through these discoveries , we can actually look at other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to save a lawyer ?
When I look back , I think he was remarkably concerned about my mental statement .
I was telling stories of the house that was always good , but I was telling it to my girlfriends , which was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful athletes and questioning things when I was talking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible event , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that never happened .
And that became the meaning of my whole life writing stories .
And the reaction to me was self-determining as to channel a journey into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to clap a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and put it back a little bit .
Go back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I went from this little , nutrient , middle-class family where my grandmother lived , and I moved here to this wonderful Machine school where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; An Country Index . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various nations , and yet this diversity did not touch me anymore in our classroom with a classroom of equal citizenship .
Instead , it created a platform where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative .
We were a little bit like the United Nations , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with your own nation or your own belief .
This kid or this kid used to be a zero-sum game and put it into pieces .
And I knew it very well because at that time , when I was at that school , there was a war revolution going on in my country , and there was very little left by a man who was fighting for my nation , there was very little left to do with the murders of the Rome Pepsi and the Turkey Club .
( Laughter ) These days , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
This is where I first felt the cultural explosion .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in October , and they were interested in how many calories I had on a daily basis because they thought that all sailors were flying around the world , and they were surprised that from age I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three concepts of my country : politics , politics , civic and headquarters .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my survival was the only thing I could move with me .
Stories took me to be focused , to be sustainable and to be satisfied — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Samuel , a town that I run .
I was living in a very enthusiastic , multicentric environment where I wrote some of my pieces .
I was in September of 1999 , when the T.B.
When I walked out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , my eyes were flooded with this kind of vision that had caught me up .
We had a local priesthood , a tough , old man who never sold a drink from the soul , never spoke to the public domain .
He was sitting next to a transistor who &apos;d gone for a long and thin black meal and a widow of carpenter hanging underneath his feet .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich , and someone surprised him . This picture of the Greenland Sea right now is in my memory of the conservation grandeur and the melting of the English Chapel sitting on the mat .
Death and death row row increases our national differences and we all become one , even if it &apos;s just a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but in good reading , we leave our little , wealthy wildscapes behind and we come out at night and we start interviewing people we &apos;ve never met before or maybe who we &apos;ve been to .
A little bit later , I started checking out the women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not an agnostic , not an agnostic , not an agnostic . ( Laughter ) So I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ? &quot; &quot; With language , I &apos;m able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional to me , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a different kind of connection with two languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through constant and potential disability .
Because , first of all , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great deal between mindset and language .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very disheartening .
My grandmother , who was watching my whole life , began to get involved in his struggle , which was that I could get married soon , so I could get up and down .
And because God loves my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I have begun to translate life in Arizona and in Starbucl . These two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of my life has always been called physically or psychologically .
Stories are always referring to me , keeping all my specialties and memories together , acting like an existential sum .
As many stories as I know , I have recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story sees more as a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight from a writer .
&quot; &quot; I like your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one figure in it , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the English characters had to be much more comfortable than the others , but I understood what he was looking for .
And I also realized that I was going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my self-worth .
She was looking for a woman in the book because she was me .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-knowledge politics affects how stories are spreading , passing and restoring .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the non-Archaeological books feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the dead world like me , then you expect to tell stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re choosing to tell difficult stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re waiting for your data , your mouth and your typeface to be written and your experimental and hard work partners .
What I felt like a young boy at MIT is now in the physical world .
People don &apos;t think of themselves as being an independent creator , they think of themselves as representatives of their culture , some authors from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special if not normal .
Similarly , James Baldwin , in one of the 1984 interviews , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to improve on the fact that he was a writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? There &apos;s nothing in me that &apos;s extraordinary than myself , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to punish us , it threatens our freedom of speech .
There &apos;s a certain theory called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside of the Arab world are combined .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural progression 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as in the unknown , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together .
Many cultural books are waiting for them to write real stories , not so much comics .
It &apos;s a function of scale .
In that way , not just for the books , but also for the famous characters to become great representatives .
But I also have to add that the notion of seeing more of the story is not just from Aristotle .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was standing in front of the courthouse and giving an answer to my favorite characters .
They were waiting for me to write about a constructive , multilayered egg and a whole bunch of family members , looking at women &apos;s eyes .
My story also mattered when they tracked me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about counter-terrorism .
Sometimes it was my desire to bring both sides to remind me that this is just a warning .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to bridge my work .
I want to love and celebrate the response to the nature of it , rather than what it will get .
Storytellers are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at that point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And it &apos;s the last one under the authority of the book . &quot; &quot; The politics of authenticity separates us . The statement is uniquely .
One is considering the unintended consequences .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
At the time of Samaritan , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They would go to the pleasures , the stories of the students , and they would tell the stories very often by telling the stories right .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everybody could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even chocolate , dead people , not dead people .
The stories were covered by borders , like Hawaii Neanderthals , that were very spread all over the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian author is now reading Hebrew books and , on the other hand , collecting the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books saved the Internet , poor girl , like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of writing .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Shakespeare Teresa , the first thing he did was he saw the books of Rumi watching the water as the trees disappeared in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you greater ignorance than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much ; life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is always on , and it &apos;s buried in a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some of it is equipped in concrete with monolithic objects , and some of it is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Tupperware Plateau , which has been the Ocean Islands for over 400 years .
In conclusion , on the one hand of my favorite questions , there is a place called Jane Austria .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We look at them as archaeological objects , like water , which is like a cloud and bounces gravity .
But more of these kind of sentences feel like writers and photographers .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage exhilaration and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen 10 pages later .
I love the way my portraits surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying , and she &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If stories are scared of our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama bin Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I live . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Great . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Spectral literacy doesn &apos;t have to be about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We have to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study other people .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who are surrounded by their daughters .
They connect all humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for every life to love and to love , oh my God , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting into more games .
So far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together to solve the problem of Australia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
Increasingly , we become more cooperative and fairer species .
And as a result , we build larger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s looking at why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start making the world more like a game .
Just before we had the video games , we had skin pigs .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the professor decided he needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine exercise and then bring people into the exercise .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive duty on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , globalization and entrepreneurship .
My big idea , which is really a very small idea , is to channel the road to the many billion big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is color .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wind from my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I snuck my head in my chair , cut my nose out , put five on my right eye .
And I started my own way of looking at the wine .
And in the meantime , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , more motivated and happy life needs to be .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the stairs .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , the struggle has become a defense of nature .
I was having lunch with a boy who was thought to be a four-hour lunch .
What was left ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drink for five hours , this cookie might be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of cookie to show you its own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody had invited a party and said , &quot; &quot; Are we going to meet 8 o &apos;clock ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is clear , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get a red tone , I &apos;m going to get two coffee cups and we &apos;re going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so invisible and effective ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the example before it gets to the Titanic .
And we had a lot of specimens with our satellites .
I feel like , if Leymah Bank manages Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , the sister would probably see the sign , because she &apos;d been seven or eight hours away from home , and she would see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve come across multiple paths all over the world , and what &apos;s helpful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and will benefit the whole world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , and open the motors and you discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this ordinary material , wanting it to be used for years .
Today I use this material to create the advantages of sustainable , scalable , monolithic cities in different parts of the world .
I was the most amazing person to do that .
I never studied crime , engineering or architecture .
By the way , after the college is over seven schools , I got a tutor .
I chose to become a photographer for 10 years when I was invited to visit India with the Fulbright scheme .
By creating a canopy inner sculpture , I built the inside , and I spent my time at the Met .
The day of the construction came , and there was no inside .
Something needed to be done .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making potato sauce .
But doing great work was difficult and expensive .
I got out to the yard and started watching the fish pop up and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it as a new approach to creating a canopy , as a way of creating a canopy with no green material at all .
And the first thing that surprised me was my introduction to these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lion King . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to photograph , we uploaded the network on the left .
What I discovered is that the flexible , flexible objects develop at each turn , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Liberia , with villagers .
I loved getting it from the details that I was getting , but I wanted to create more and more things , to transform the scale of the object that you see into something that you can lose .
I went back to India after the fisheries that worked there , and we set up a network of about a million and a half links , which , in a short time , was in the Manhattan shot .
Thousands of people saw that . One of them was a psychologist named Maniel Soleil , who transformed the tragic segment of the city of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a sustainable act for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by maintaining my art .
Women , through engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in conflict with the material &apos;s ordinary heritage .
Two years ago , I was looking for a detector that would resemble the electromagnetic spectrum of the sun , the wind blowing and the mycelium of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so severe that they would be covered by the wind .
We needed something that was at the center of the network .
So we bought a 20-ton wall .
We had to make an engineering solution that would drive the drum from the horse and the female .
But there was no software that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Italian designer who &apos;s a big fan of American smugglers . His name is Peter Hepping .
He helped me solve two super-problems , providing the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it in the way I knew it , because the handheld teenagers didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a toilet manufacturer , and I recognized the different types of battlefields and discovered how valuable they were .
There was no language for programming that would be the traditional manufacturing technique for manufacturing with a car .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 10- square-foot network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , sustainable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and undesirable spectrum .
Now it was a sensible place .
I think of it for the first time .
Before I watched the game , I was fascinated by the sense of being in the air and at the same time connecting to the unknown ground .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these islands in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more expensive than the Web .
So , we tried to get a new particle through the water that was contaminated with the water that was transformed by the mice , and in the process we discovered that people could also engage with this material and go through it without destroying it .
And I use this traditional material to visualize the traces of the subway stations at the moment of the process , as if a renaissance of the living system of the city .
The next challenge in Denver was to live in North and South America , and they asked me if I could visualize the interconnectedness of the 35 West Bank countries and visualize the interconnectedness of them .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
He found out about the earthquake and tsunami that had occurred in Chile in recent times , which was illuminating the entire Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic galleries of the country , accelerating the pace of the planet and literally doubling the surface of the Earth .
I joined NOAA , and I asked him to give the data about the syndrome , and I turned it around here .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a micromosome that the Earth had spent its day .
I couldn &apos;t make it into a wall star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the original principle with a thick , thick sheet of paper that was 15 times rusty .
The classroom would now be fully dressed and thoroughly dressed as a building block away from the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network patterns and shapes of nature .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to come up with the idea of applying to Times Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
And even though many cities aren &apos;t funding yet , I &apos;m dreaming of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional objects and usage objects .
Now I &apos;m combining them with technological and technological advances to create structural , frustrating , forms that reach the top of the industries .
My creative obsessions expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
In fact , he &apos;d never been interested in art , never before in the art gallery , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and say goodbye to him .
These people in the Palestinian police departments were now stuck with their anonymous , and they looked at creation , images of transformation , and together they looked at the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual intimacy , we are totally hopeful .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , flow at the same time with all of our emotional systems , then it &apos;s embedded in this huge cosmos that has the present self and the present self and the voice and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me by my right shared consciousness .
And right now we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re perfect , and we &apos;re beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is something else .
Our left-hand side thinks mostly and metaphor .
And our left brain is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more alien in my body . Imagine that .
