Until the age of about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea somewhere , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what made me think about , in the beginning of this year , this blog by Dr. Milley , who was a reporter of science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and hopefully after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this actively passive website becomes passive . &quot; &quot; Because Millin was a reader , his mind was probably well-written and more sensitive , but in fact , each of us creates a vehicle that is very different from what &apos;s ever been created by the player .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded to 48 hours of video .
200 million numbers are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing about them is they &apos;re going to be making some pictures and some economic clips , or a pattern that puts something on the page .
And today we &apos;re all creating this wonderful rich digital trailer that will stay with us for many years after we die .
I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
Just to make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a picture of what the present and the future is going to be like .
Now we know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media companies after we die .
One of them , quite frankly , found me when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Video ) Adam Oustro : Barry .
Murray : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble an idifie.net until it &apos;s too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
This service allows you to basically create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places that you can explain online , with videos , with photos and the stories that you may have posted after you died .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dan Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and to compute large amounts of data has been improving , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of complexity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think some time later , our digital selves will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die because of the full integrity that we &apos;re creating , and because of the technologies , we &apos;re able to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be thirsty .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 10 years later , and the improvement of our technology skills took place .
More recently , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots could actually communicate to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the reliability of hundreds of thousands of points that humans have created in their lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous campaign that was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN broadcast hello to the I.M. crowd in their studio , interviewing Andron Coup .
What if we could use the presence of our loved ones in our bedrooms that actually communicate relatively closely with the full volume that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is completely possible because the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them , they &apos;re expanding quickly .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and to connect it to everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in agricultural technologies .
My friend is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
Notice carefully at the cardiovascular level .
This is a short video of everything we do .
HE : One minute .
And wait a minute to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll let it go . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Solar technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what he brought with him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something globally real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5.25 time-lapse device wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first virus on the computer .
And as you keep proceeding , the spinal cord goes down here , including 0600KO78RUS . The encoder goes to the bottom of the encoder .
It &apos;s a substitute . It &apos;s no use .
He studied to understand the meaning .
As a result , I went to Google .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to the lab employees .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them pointed out that if it &apos;s done with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Santa March .
Civil code : You can find this in some phone networks , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection in San Francisco .
And after several studies , we finally discovered this website . This guy worked for several years .
It has its own website , it has its own website , it has its blog in Live Journal , and in this blog it &apos;s written about his life .
Part of his life at Stanford is about 20 years old , his friend , and he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is walking .
Mercedes-Benz S66th of a millennium driver , more than 400 movies . For 20 children in State , this is a family car .
As I learned about this machine .
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was convicted .
At the center of Santa March .
He &apos;d covered another machine . And he &apos;d covered his blog .
His name is Mary . This is Laden Smith , who was kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if it were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime went down ? In many cases it didn &apos;t work that way .
The vast majority of cases are still active .
We don &apos;t know where the ratio came from , if we can find criminals .
Very often it &apos;s blind . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I want everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what they did . This is Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable trajectory , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
The PLC , the little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their job . For example , the top of the building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet builds one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work . We &apos;re in decline .
From the Internet , for example , from elementary areas of electricity , we clearly depend on computers . And it really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
So clearness assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually infinitely important .
Think about clothing , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s in your hands .
If you don &apos;t have any reason for that one day , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;m going to talk about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re going to lose everything , we &apos;re going to have to do it all together .
And that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to do now . We need a broader international .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of trying to find these cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions , millions of them — that are more important than shipping .
Create programs or network projects , and most importantly , it &apos;s based on these relationships .
It &apos;s about finding the people behind us , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find strange people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
I want to introduce you first to that , and it only takes two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all attracted to the body language and the body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the topics that occur during the intersection , the untouched silences , the worldwide appearances , or the eye-gazing , all the way down to the simple handshake .
Michelangelo . Here they come to the dirigible .
Even in Be-Be-Sea and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or movement , my social psychologists call it non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are enough ideas to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make false beliefs and false beliefs .
And they can have a critical meaning in critical circumstances of life — either in the workforce or in the pre-frontal cortex or in the temporal lobe .
For instance , a researcher named Natalia Amis at the University of Texas found that when people look for 30 seconds at a time when they &apos;re looking at a single doctor and a real patient , their doctor &apos;s love will be spinning their approval , which is , no .
So they have to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organs all the time .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I had to start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly fascinated by the non-zero-sum dynamics of power and superpower .
How do you think power and generosity are the unfulfilled forms of power ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically high imagination .
The animal gets larger and larger .
It &apos;s about doing larger space .
Jesse has been studying this phrase , which is known as pride and discovery .
He hands us , he tells us , he tells us , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what strength and letting people meet .
When our face is strength and self-confidence , we , independently , fail .
I follow my students in the audience , and I notice that business leaders are really masters .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others are struggling to get inside , as soon as the audience goes in , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more often than men .
They are constantly allowed to compare themselves to men , and it &apos;s not surprising , but I &apos;ve also noticed .
It &apos;s especially important for the master of business , because the judgment is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to get this gene out .
I started to struggle , so for example , the university adopts these people who participate in class .
There &apos;s ideas to suggest , yes .
For example , we hate when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to hate it , the printer is bathed with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is : Do we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can we change our mind ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why is it different from strengths and strokes ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people tend to be more transparent , more self-confident and better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They are more often at risk .
But it &apos;s actually dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong leader , a high-level testosterone , but who responds to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness at least , and that change in action can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do it in a minimal way , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a couple more .
So you can sit down or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You shut it down .
He &apos;s beating up the piano .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s effective .
And here &apos;s what happened to Corexit .
It turns out that our body language decides not just about the environment , but about ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
You think you can use that image when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , no facial expression is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do it . Maria Laffers is doing it .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the testing conditions .
The emotions of the telephone were important during that conversation .
It &apos;s just how people show them .
And this is all based on the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And they answered .
You don &apos;t want to be a diplomat , you want to be yourself .
When I was 19 , I was on sabbatical .
I walked out of the car , fell down several times .
The brain stem in the repair part of the brain .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was exhausted from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to finish college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . I went to college at five years .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
He changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become what you want .
It doesn &apos;t take long for it to become part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Raise your levels of testosterone , decrease the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your capabilities have not been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrible Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I continue , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from mainstream .
One billion people are exposed to clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
We &apos;ve solved them all in the world , but we can &apos;t do it now .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem solving the front line ?
And I want to give you that question .
Let &apos;s suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 major issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them briefly : climate change , disease , infectious disease , conflict , education , financial interest , government and corruption , transportation , transportation , transportation , housing , sensation , water , suburbia and solar systems .
We think judgments include the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes to mind is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Delhi .
Of course , it &apos;s not right to get people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about solving the overall problem , it &apos;s about solving the overall problem .
And in that case , of course , it gets more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Citizen .
Disability has to be solved through networks of hospitals and nurses .
Communications with U.N. power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — write what you think about the major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you also talk to your neighbors , and just mention that there must be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems , some of which are the least extreme .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — it &apos;s 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big piece of my time , OK ?
I want to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we &apos;ve done .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;re going to have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been done ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wants to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more signals that the first one doesn &apos;t quite understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a foundation of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of culture , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make a difference from a second , but rather indirectly , it would be harder than actually doing something about the culture and follow it and talk about it .
So I propose that we actually have , for a long time , had a variety of choices .
We could do a lot and a lot of things , but we didn &apos;t know the gene , we didn &apos;t know the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to the restaurant and they give you one big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about it .
So for instance , you ask the question , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost about one dollar or 1,000 dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pixel , right ?
You &apos;d like to know all that .
And that &apos;s what the Copernican Consensus is trying to determine the genome of these problems .
And the basic work in Copenhagen was like this .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in every district .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it be useful ?
And also in infectious diseases .
The three major experts in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; At Cambridge University , they had a wonderful decision to call them Ray Maidad economics .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very well understood .
And their work , in essence , was a set of cultures .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because it &apos;s not their job .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do a little bit of a crazy job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet too , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically encountered a display where they say there are bad projects , like projects where a dollar investment makes more money .
There are averages , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here with some very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people would say this , and this is probably one of the cases where people say I can &apos;t come back afterwards .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s kind of interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreements with the indicators you have .
Why do they say that Cyton , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global warming .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
Only what we can do in this question is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cyoto Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the development of the Third World into developing countries .
However , it &apos;s very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will be 2100 in just six years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands before 2100 at risk of hydrogen sulfide can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little bit better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get a little bit of results .
As a matter of fact , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean drinking water , sanitation with the most basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves if we want to spend twice as much money and do very little good .
Or with that money , doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only projects — I mean , I &apos;m not going to take all the numbers — infectious diseases , primary health services — and they &apos;re going to get a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is too important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , all of this gives us that suddenly we &apos;re on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
Now , I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria : battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria a year .
Court can even make a percentage of countries at risk .
If we put 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that number by the way .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their ability to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the temporary sector , also in the global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
Similarly , if we can reach out to the high seas and particularly lower subordination in the United States and in the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year in an astonishing amount of money that will be halved in the developing world .
Again , we can say that in fact we can get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , in about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is going to be a central problem .
Not just the overall problem of overfishing , but there are very important ways to solve the food problem , particularly with micro-reactions .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to AIDS / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different directions for HIV / AIDS .
First is treatment , second is prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we don &apos;t do it , or we don &apos;t do it well , we should be asking where to put in the first place .
And treatment is much cheaper than prevention .
I mean , this basically shows that we can do much more with design projects .
With the money we spend , we can do the right thing by treating and doing 10 times better by preventing .
And again , we &apos;d better focus on prevention , as in the treatment .
It really makes us think about our own societies .
I want you to look at the wish of your culture and say , did you make it ?
Or have you come to the desire here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just for it , which is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make the point that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Silling , one of our dreams team , is very good at making this happen .
People forget that 100 years later , as we talk about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they will be twice as rich as we are .
And of course , we &apos;re going to be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to help a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help , and we can help with very few costs ?
Or , as Syling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re wealthy , like you &apos;re wealthy , like a rich Chinese , like you &apos;re all , like , 2100 people in Congo , and you think about 2005 and you think about it and you say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s odd that they &apos;re so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;re not really concerned about my grandmother
It doesn &apos;t even coincide with our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , mostly because climate change is so well illustrated .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emma to choose a Brad Pitt in his next movie in Tanzania to try sniffing a song or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not a video .
So in many ways , I think the Copernican Convention and the whole discussion of societies has been very challenging .
So we can realize that this is not for us to feel good .
And it &apos;s not just to create a foundation for the attention of the media , but for the better action .
The next thing that I think is really important is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering a choice somewhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the perfect world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In 1970s , the developed countries decided we needed to spend twice as much on the developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t seem that we &apos;re on the road to all the big problems suddenly .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Buzz about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;m just a quick example : Do we have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up immediately reaching old , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : They need to learn English at university and speak English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could get significantly out of the supply chain , and they did so , and they proposed their own profiles .
And what was really interesting was that the symptoms were the same : the problems of infection and disease in the first century , and the climate change was over .
We did the same thing over and over again .
There were lots of other simulators , and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and we hope to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Make the right way for the world , and also start to think about the political competitions .
So we start thinking , &quot; &quot; Well , let &apos;s not do work that gives us great spending , not the kinds of things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make really powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree on how we define these kinds of generations , but we have to be free to say that
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define our cultures and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I traveled with Providencia , Red Ellen to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we decided to take a route that was going through national and national monuments and , in a nutshell , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in rural Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that I &apos;ve been asked for 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I see the way all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me very closely .
The first dog sitting in the room perfectly apprenticed that phrase .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the signals that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs portray . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese heroin advocate for the grandmother . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look very similar to why we sometimes misrepresent the signals around us , and how we do when it happens , and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career , but actually I have a huge advantage : the exposure of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not to avoid thinking that we can be wrong .
We &apos;re very good at it .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , here in the present , are dramatically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings now , we go back to the present day , we go back to the present day and vote in present day .
In fact , we all live our lives , all packed in a little bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , it &apos;s a problem for us as a society .
So today , I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in our own belief .
And then why is that problematic ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to improve that feeling , and if you can do that , it &apos;s going to be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in a sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feeling bad .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Sir . Very bad .
Shake . Okay , great .
Terrible , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake of the Chinese heroin .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a small-scale theater always follows , but never gets to a rocket .
And in almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton is racing away from the bird , and the bird is racing down the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s flying and it can fly .
But the tank is running behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps falling until he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , he &apos;s moving .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we &apos;ve got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually tell you a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So , that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , that make us insist on our own belief .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us that we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us confident that we should always find the right thing , and that is because of our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is divided labor , and one of them looks like this .
This isn &apos;t a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know exactly what it was like to have a child wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are the foundations of irresponsibility , and second of all , that achieving success is a lot of mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are playing with the idea that we need to be perfect students , professors , black people .
I always say , well , head-tail-head , athletic , moron .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and mortgages .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgery .
She gets annoyed , the surgeon does his job , puts up the cards and puts the patient in her room , covering .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why did my body get the wrong side of the vessels ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of it is because the surgeon has survived his left leg , instead .
When the director of health in the hospital gave a lecture on the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
To be honest , the notion that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy ignorance of what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can go wrong , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million light bulbs , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel good .
That means that your beliefs are fully transparent .
And when you think that way , the problem is how you can explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you .
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of metaphorical assumptions .
First of all , when someone reveals their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s impossible .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the quantity of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a complete picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who don &apos;t agree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they &apos;re positively wrong for their inappropriate goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our spending tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , which makes us do terrible things with each other .
But to me , the most extraordinary and extraordinary thing is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brain is like a digital wall , and we &apos;re looking out of that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everybody to look out of the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine another person &apos;s place in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , for the same reason , we &apos;re wrong too .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; When Augustine reflected and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to fail is not a mutual event in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or ridicule .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think the pursuit of this planet is the source of our productivity and our creation .
Last year , for a number of reasons , I heard a lot of times about this message called This American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I thought all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a failed pregnant woman .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is really the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
And I said to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And it does , &quot; &quot; and it says , &quot; &quot; Well , we need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our readers , they give us those stories .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive responses , horrible relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but instead there &apos;s something else going on .
George Bush thought he would approach Iraq , find a massive eradication target , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his lifetime , until he or she becomes very old or will be sick and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and grow kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I must tell you that I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forget , but this conference is an incredible opportunity to find out what we &apos;re wrong with .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these new innovations and actions and improvements ?
Because half of it , all the wonderful things that need to change the world , TED back in 1998 .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s my available device , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another one .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about the miracle .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of this little space of your own legacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the computation , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sididney came up with a website in Manhattan and killed Mary Cain , the head of Liberia &apos;s Prison Minister .
Niger originally referred to immunity for that murder , but at the same time , he and other people started planning on dozens of sites in New York City including the theme , the synagogues and the U.N.
Fortunately , these plans were flooded by a GPS receiver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the Middle East did not collapse .
Nairobi was finally sentenced to intervention .
El-Switzerland is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh , 1983 , with Egyptian engineers , and my beloved mother and teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father invited me to the side of Islam , which many of the Muslims have even seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any democracy , you find very few percent of people who are hyper-metrically connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means for other people to live like them .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends went to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which had no knowledge whatsoever from the FBI .
When my father helped me keep my seventeenth birthday and explained to me how to fly the bathroom to about 30 nerves .
That day , the last flashlight that I shot , it hit a little light on top of the camera , and amazingly , all of us , especially myself , had broken the whole book .
My brother looked at another man , and he said to the Arabs , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a father .
They all laughed very well in that sentence , but only a few years later , I totally realized what they thought was so ridiculous .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father had received .
This man , finally , was convicted of putting 1,500 pounds of motorbikes into a soup of the global Northeast Asian subway station that killed six people and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; husband , &quot; &quot; meaning bravery .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving cities around .
Being a new face of the classroom , I was always a freak athlete .
I was covering myself in my classroom to not be a doctor , but it turns out to be a tremendous new kid in the classroom that was more than enough soldiers .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
And because of that , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been trained to judge people by mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question was in the early 2000s presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending a lot of my life as an attempt to get my hands on , which was something that I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I interacted with was a hero .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural distinction between us .
I had never had a dear friend , and , frankly , I felt the pride that I was able to overcome the crocodile that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another rounding paper came when I found a summer job in Budrus , in the middle of the fun .
There , I would submit people of all different faiths and cultures , and that experience became a role in my development of nature .
I learned that symmetry is a male , and frankly , all verbs have an explicit effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I found out that many of them are the most vulnerable , the least educated people I &apos;ve ever met .
By bringing a hand-held child to me , it was generated in me about other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in ways I wish I had treated myself differently .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the audience that I was taught as a child with the experience and the interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an armoral , but I &apos;m known for something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Yesterday . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be myself liberated from my multitasking , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model it for me when I needed it .
Calculating often can come from unexpected places , and the fact that a hot comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own parenting father , which he did not lose .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about the change in the world , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
He looked at me with painted eyes that had one that had sufficient depression for his entire life , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that embodied energy in the water .
Zach Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave a connection to my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting it at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I hope that someday , somebody who is related to violence will hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I &apos;ve been exposed to that violence , the inevitable idea , but I &apos;m not the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terror , terror , multilayerism .
I do that for the warriors of terrorism and for their loved ones , for the terrible pain and for the loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk about these non-sense acts , and I &apos;m going to talk about my own personal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and it &apos;s not necessary to follow my father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . Thank you . ( Applause )
Imagination is what they find .
It matters to me .
I want to know the people who are standing behind my lunch lady .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re laughing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to put water into their hands .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumption to our ecosystem in ways that we can repair .
It allows us to browse the paper that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If disability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic system , and it accepts our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can contribute to the ocean and explore the responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
The evidence from Darfur that the standard methods for most people in the world are very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
The green , the blue and the red , for all kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , buy a bicycle , remove the bicycle , think of going back before the mold .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables yet .
We can &apos;t make it happen , continuously , if we measure its success by changing the patterns of the kinds that are involved in the brain and in the red .
But what if we eat the vegetables alone ?
It includes a cardboard mapped Thunnus albatross , a non-dangerous species .
It &apos;s rooted in a card and it &apos;s not random .
It &apos;s good for pigs . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for the local economy .
But that &apos;s a straight line , the main nightmare .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I call it a 450 gram diameter ?
Do I do it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t , you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
And that is that we have to have a spectrum , a constraint of what we do .
For instance , I &apos;ve heard that red wine is very healthy , and antioxidants and miners are very healthy .
Great . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
We have a problem with predators .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The problem is we &apos;re hiding that value under the algae .
We hide that value by receiving the victim from the victim .
And we put that value down to the income of vitamins .
So the notion of resurrection is that it matters what we need .
The most extreme articles can be represented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by George Bush , but by Gold Green Gaines .
Bells . They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that color is a new color .
Well , I would say that Brooklyn can be a new blue .
We need to keep eating the best foods if we &apos;re eating them all the time .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part about surprising letters is that it &apos;s halfway through — one with a series of Tobacco and one with a series of centimeters .
It &apos;s got a 142-gram pipe filled with Dijon and a spine filled with pieces of paper and a quinoa filter with a stick filled with broccoli that &apos;s so thin and very thin , it &apos;s got a little bit of dust and it &apos;s got a little bit of dust from it , it &apos;s got a little bit of Pythagorean filament .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the wonderful thing is that all those components are accessible to all the families that live in Wallengar .
Jamie Oliver is struggling to save America from the time we eat right now .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget mediocrity . We need to be afraid of milk .
We dismissed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produce by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Beauty is something , but the beauty is something that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been many movements recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leaders of the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always provides a shelter that cares about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our atmosphere .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a pristine environment to eat a priest .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
Before we lower public officials , the media is willing to increase the use of the documents .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their own , if we include more .
It &apos;s something I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about documents .
It &apos;s about how we look at our waters .
As a quick coffee , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to lower the limbs .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shirts because they knew they wouldn &apos;t cheat .
People have spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less blunt .
They got more calories because of multilayered food .
They got healthier . I made more money .
It &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it has been shown simultaneously in the human window .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply variations of indicators — little Lakshine , rhinos , algae , syringe , syringe .
The crowd , the media , the police , the crimes , the Taliban , were the general forms of paralysis .
We &apos;re moving towards more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those great nightmares , the kind of model , the kind of green wish that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with a big fish about 450 grams .
Take the fat . Take the fat four .
Think of it in four dimensions .
Take those four apples out of prison and then open up the best kitchen you have , the nine apples and the thumb .
Think about the possibility of eating this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and twice a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included the entire White House , and they talked to a lot of pennies and a little bit of oshalia , usually with a little bit of money .
Until today , I used to eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s delicious .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear about the ocean , and you &apos;ve heard about the ocean condition , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the greatest number of forces is that your mother was right .
Three pounds .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Intelligently , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and quiet things that I don &apos;t think will change .
For my family , I look for compounds that are born in front of my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to get rid of this idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the demand for our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to start sharing the rest , we &apos;re going to start screaming , we &apos;re going to start screaming .
We have to eat cereal .
We have to eat small pores of paper .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , the song .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 fund in Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Mandela had when he was incarcerated from Robbie .
Here I am with Jesus Dari , one of the most devastating moments of my life .
The following day , all the artists were invited by Rob Boulevard , the Netherlands , where he was going to spend the computer in front of the global command , standing next to his front door in the prison camp .
And here you see the wall played over here .
It was too big for everybody .
Right now , Mwanda found out in the world that there &apos;s a real disproportionacy going on in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing world , and that there are more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this effect on women .
So I was walking out of Africa when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to speak about this .
I need to be serving my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went on to do every 4664 organized method that I could have ever been to . I looked at Mamluk Mausolealis , the interviewer , the best-resourceful issues that I &apos;ve had as a musician , stepping up all my senior thesis and all my senior thesis , along the way , to
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is adding Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in rural Africa , the country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;ll just go down .
I was very , very lucky to meet Asma two years later , who is the founder of this incredible segment and an activist .
I met him in one of his 464 mediums .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this trailer is sort of a dummy staff , I wear it , and I say , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this issue . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be a dependent member . I became a Treatment Action Campaign member , and I &apos;m very proud to have this special organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live on the ground floor .
They have educational projects .
They face issues associated with ambiguity .
The act of doing it is really rather difficult .
And yes , my Song programmer supports the Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for the past .
Most of the funding that I was able to get was going to the Treatment Action Campaign immediately and documenting the incredible work that they &apos;re doing , and they &apos;re still doing it in South Africa .
So this is my song commander .
In the Song Magazine , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo trying to make people a donor cyber .
I was able to play mostly with a whiteboard , medieval sub-Saharan African audience , who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a film that really touches the heart of this terrible abundance and its whole essence that &apos;s happening , and people are inclined to cheat because they &apos;re motivated and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Aaron Morollywood , the healthcare Prime Minister , was also present in this system , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly in that realm of transformations that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to increase the level of the efficiency of HIV .
Here &apos;s a woman in Edinburgh with the kids of the wonderful African National Chamber , who I &apos;m just protecting .
And it &apos;s like many of these children who are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great privilege that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become an outpatient at UNAIDS defending against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to widen my labor circles .
The message that UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eradicate the transmission of HIV / AIDS from mothers to 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political tools .
This is immediately possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we are beating , and we are both beating , because we are very confident , because we think this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is ready to bring light to the world .
And her baby will get an AIDS virus from a mother , preventing tuberculosis , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the beginning of life .
This is the way we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me wherever I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother died of AIDS .
Avalley was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that area of her life , she had already noticed signs of anti-HIV , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the Eastern Kathmandu hospitals , and we had a whole babies following him .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They raised a special food for a girl , and they followed and cured her .
And we didn &apos;t know at the time we shot him — because we shot his story — whether he would win this .
So it &apos;s obviously a very emotional interview , which has given us the false memories , this kid , you know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This view of disappointments is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Avalley .
Suppose you have that kind of representation .
So what I want to leave you with is every single one of you : if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get a nutritional and effective health care benefit , and you believe in the United States of America , especially the fifth and third , which all governments in the world need to be independent — particularly , I want to ask you , please .
I think it &apos;s true if I tell you that nearly all of the people in this room stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Brilliant light . Adaptation is a wonderful marvel to move forward from reality , and it allows us to do what science will do tomorrow .
As a biomimicry , I &apos;m combining the space of curiosity and science to make you feel about the use of technologies of the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re looking at the road , and the world you &apos;ve seen is coming in links between data , data , notes , structures , maybe someday even the names of the traffic you just saw on the street .
This is my mental workshop .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the circuit , you &apos;re actually slapping the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . No toys .
This is it . Let &apos;s say we know next time we see it .
Very good . Very important .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The band is ready . The pieces are transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different indicators : love , steel , zinc and silver .
The newspapers are one of the top managers that gets edited in a different way .
Now , some people think that four marks represent four marks a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink and — Voice : My favorite seat is the sound . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like a magic trick . It &apos;s like a cooling trick , when the water turns into a symbol , the water turns off , and then everything disappears .
Each mark has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Each one of these players represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the processing , and there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Loon is one of the most powerful leaders of the neighborhood .
There are two colors inside the toy .
Here &apos;s the color and texture that overlap the overlap overnight and overlap .
Hello . Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that a 52-year-old nun , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Come on up , no more real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , and I got my first birthday certificate , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , bringing growth to men and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even to blogs and poachers . ( Applause ) SW : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are the results .
Stop .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you ready to talk about you ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Go ahead . Jack . Hey , come on . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , &quot; &quot; How can we make it grow ? How can we make it grow ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean the word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit of a criminal , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people say growth is a non-zero-force act . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in Germany there &apos;s &quot; &quot; no , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you play with a strange player , which is how you divide your cards by playing with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s probably from 4165 to 1 .
MT : Yes , but it seems to me that my citizens are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : And so I &apos;m approaching the last and most important toy , the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true , no doubt .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the daily glass industry .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was a good at school . My expectations were large , and I was thrilled to find students — the lives of the lightning , the evening , the life of the road .
When I was a kid , I was actually very sorry , unsafe and totally fearful of people , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my grandmother exactly the way I used to play when I heard a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and purity of the visibility was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t that different , and even after a while it was strange and hopeful , although I noticed that the sound had changed , and sometimes it had evolved my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , if I was comfortable hiding my emotions , then the sound would go awry .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t real .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling him about my bizarre journey .
For instance , I was a college student who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with the mentor , which was very late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
First of all , I had a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was exposed to a tremendous amount of despair and delight in terms of myself and my images .
But being able to perceive that sound , not as an experience , but as a sympathy , fear makes it more powerful to reflect it .
At that time , it was essentially present to me in a relative act of my own mind — a sort of spiritual political war , and it was the role of the voices that were coming into being temporary and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , confusion , uncertainty and incomprehension began , and it was a struggle where I felt helpless and unable to achieve peace and intelligence in a way .
Two years later , the survey was clear .
Until now , I had a whole performance repertoire : horrible sounds , unstuck videos — odd and common products .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else was saved .
A humble and humble man began this journey , but the man who had arrived had been saved and ultimately made it my own , to be lucky .
A lot of people have applied to me in my life , and I remember them all , but these memories are poor and they &apos;re poor compared to the memories that I used to use .
I know Eleanor would beat his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the lion , but the last month is coming . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wonderful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that miserable , only one hour .
At the beginning , it was very difficult to believe that because sounds were so intimate and so abusive , so the first important step in this way was to develop a metaphorical sense of learning , which I used to emphasize as a literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , sitting there one night beside my parents &apos; living room with the sounds that I really thought I would protect them .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Just do one .
Do you know I have a plastic tree ? &quot; &quot; My war .
When I looked at all of this , I was recently collecting my innocent self bells , every noise that was expressed , I was statistically removed from all of the medications in my classroom , just this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the people listening to you , a company that has come to mind from Professor Mary Rumi and Dr. Sandy Escer , who believes that the vision of listening to sounds depends on the survival strategy , the clever response , not the lack of symphony , but the lack of symphony , the l@@
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way to develop .
In other words , social change happens , and it &apos;s disruptive .
You can &apos;t pretend to be a noble person .
I can &apos;t point to those who are no longer afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created sites in 26 countries across five continents , connecting together to deal with dignity , connectedness and rights across the many who have mental disorders in order to create a new language and hope that unites trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a human being that has a fundamental ability to treat and use this basic ability with a mental soul .
In this way , there &apos;s no greater sense of responsibility and responsibility for the society than making it easier for the treatment of the patient to see , to cut off the support , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are . We are impossible .
There &apos;s nothing inside of us that can really be culture , change or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one of the great doctors once told me , &quot; &quot; I am a witness , or what they told you about you .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a picture ?
These are , of course , images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photograph failure at 15 years old .
It was mixed up with my curiosity to draw early on , but it was slightly different , because in the photographic paper , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a blank slate , the process ends when you shake the box .
And photography , to me , means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam sessions .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , they have a special reality .
Or pictures like this , rocks and colors at the same time , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , these kinds of images are not really possible , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take photographs of them .
Images that you need to think a little bit about to discover the potential .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details , or are the colors to the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s linked to light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the video .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at scale .
This is not so much reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the features of reality where you can take various parts of reality and put them together to make one another , an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in the three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that looks like a three-dimensional , like this .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in the context of photos .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
Photography becomes more real , and I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic principles that you have to follow to get the outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not so special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that you have to have the same images .
Secondly , the combined images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made from the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images and make them without interference .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
By matching color , concrete and light between the boundaries of different images , by adding the information of the photo , such as the depth , by mixing the colors and increasing the numbers , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same images into one single image , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of generations .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of all kinds of pictures of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of resurrection , I knew I had months to prepare to find various places to get these images .
For example , this fish was shown in fishing .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of Jerry was shot in the womb .
And one of the things I did was I turned a little red to make it look more sulfur .
To really get the outcome , everything ultimately involves planning .
I always start with sexiness , with ideas .
And then I start composing different images .
Here , all the pieces are well designed .
And if you took a good picture , the result could be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julia , a washing machine .
It turned out that Wikipedia , your little girl , in the past few years has published more detailed journals than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it curious that the remaining media of the world is doing so bad , that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the remaining memory of the world .
CA : How does it work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JE : So these are , as we might say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re just using the highest secret of the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to counter the following , to go through different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , in our pockets , in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our pockets , or in our po@@
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any spot , then maybe we &apos;ll dismiss it .
( Video ) Narrator : Go ahead .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the TMJ is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If you can see this paper ...
So this is the first story of a few years in Kenya .
Can I tell you what happened and what happened ?
JE : So this is Karl &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll that came out of the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Mario , about 18 years ago .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber went through power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they invited this conference , about two million pounds , spent on that and driving .
And then the government turned it down , and as a political solution , Moi used Moi , who was the poorest man , and still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we did that , it was three days after the launch of the new project , Kleiber , decided to remind the man who came out with Daniel Amo Moi , and this fellow CEO came out with the Cyber president .
CA : And to cut a long story short , Kenya &apos;s conversation was not about the council , it was about the council , it was about the council , it was about the effects of voting .
JA : There you go . And this is the headlines of Ghanaian and then it was posted across all the countries in Kenya — Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , within two days , became the case that Kenya &apos;s monolith spoke about it .
It traveled for 20 days on Chinese television , the numbers changed by a Chinese broadcaster , and changed the effect of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world dramatically ?
JA : Yay .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Bandura &apos;s air absorption video .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong statue , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a kiss .
I look at your obituary , well , there &apos;s about four cords — oh , sir .
Man is free . Well done . Shake .
I &apos;m told when they &apos;re batting . See .
Stop .
Well , no .
( Audience : Shake . ) Shake . Shake . ( Audience : Shake . ) Shake .
Otherwise , Conqueror of the Okapi Faunal Reserve .
We need to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve also entered peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Two and a half , this is the Knife , and we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Go ahead , Key . Okay , here we go . I hide them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two of our souls to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that seems like two Roters too .
JA : There it is . From two Roters &apos; work , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And that turned out to be the source of outrageous anger .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see men walking down the street , and there &apos;s a 30 million cubic kilometers of submersible in the air , running on top of each other , finding all kinds of sacrifices to do it , killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who simply weren &apos;t fluent because it &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s been arrested , and it seems that in fact , he &apos;s been aware of this video , as well as 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence telecommunications .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , we were worried about getting these kinds of radio calls .
He was recruited about five days ago — 150,000 radio masts and 50 radio masts .
We had a telephone call from the U.S. Department of Defense in the first year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you were to get a Ph.D. from the U.S.
JA : We would discuss them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How about ... ) JA : Well , since these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art of arithmetic is , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the telescopes we &apos;ve discovered , you &apos;ll see what are the materials .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
I mean , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that monitoring secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what &apos;s important in the world , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations are spending economic power to store information , it &apos;s a very good sign when that information is produced , there &apos;s hope that it &apos;s going to be a good thing , because organizations that are best known for it , parents know it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t it a threat to individuals who are involved , or indeed , for the vast benefits of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our materials , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have policies of misunderstanding .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are secret secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — it &apos;s a great secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries we know that the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for example , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve published something that somebody has a specific attitude to do .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the possibility — it leaves the possibility , roughly millions of people around the world , that the U.S. military are human beings .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My body &apos;s not like that . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it everyday .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s minds and minds that are paying for that , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to illuminate what you think companies and governments are smart secrets .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t there any way to find a secret in the fact that you have to make yourself a secret about your own resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victoria Club .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , it &apos;s a complex situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to continue our blindness rather than to punish it .
CA : I would actually just like , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m really interested in the idea of the TED audience .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Joel .
You know , the hero , the hero of the hero , who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . There will be a few .
CA : Just a tiny hamburger , Julia , a tiny hamburger .
You have to try a little bit . Let me show you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think you &apos;re going to do it for TED .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is that ?
JE : So this is a nightmare , something we do every day .
Last November , last November , a number of battles were happening in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , that actually , the security services employees of some issues , from military companies , were actually putting foreign fighters in there and hacking them .
And that some of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering colleagues didn &apos;t write anything on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some shell company is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what &apos;s the story ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that paper ?
Is it really going to happen to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this certificate where the boy &apos;s name was written in Microsoft Word &apos;s data .
Here we go .
( Applause ) That &apos;s what &apos;s often happened .
This is an example of one of our methods to simulate any material , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you are . Have you ever had any information from BP ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and technological effort .
And so the great news of our articles has gotten smaller over the last couple of months because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems with social curiosity .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of geographically growing up , and that means we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly of read-write , and there &apos;s a read-write article ?
JA : Ooh . Now , reliable people .
That is , we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material we &apos;re dealing with , and therefore we have to repair that so that you have people who engage with the highest security materials and then with lower risk .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were drowning out of the washing machine , so the two buttons ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you that this is the component of the evolution of phenomenon .
JA : What , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also faced with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
It also has to be sensitive to other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by the rice matrix to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this phrase is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you give us some insight into it and maybe some medium in your life that helps to define it ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the jellyfish .
But the primary values — well , generally , most people don &apos;t make pigs . They &apos;re feeding pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other people , from the adults that have been in my life .
CA : So how many people of the age do you want to make a bet ? Can you feed them ?
JA : Yeah . And you know , I &apos;m a fighting man , and so eating is not my kind of thing , but the other way — there &apos;s another way to eat dogs , which is to control criminals .
And it &apos;s something that has been part of my personality for a long time .
CA : Just a quick minute , what happened in Iceland ?
You actually published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news companies thought the story wasn &apos;t special .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
His bank sector was the pinnacle of his economy into the GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re in Hollywood last year .
And National TV was ready to prevent it five minutes before it was released , and as in the movie , the attendance appeared on the news table , and the reader said , &quot; It never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site all the time as a videotape , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And in the community , it was such an opportunity that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political activists in Iceland and other international legal researchers to set up a new kind of legislation bill for Iceland to make it an official monument for free , with the most powerful media companies in the world , with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that matter , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just one month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secrets , will we be monitoring the Big Bang , or should all be kept in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
That is , there is a huge shift in the balance between the legislation of freedom of speech and the legislation of freedom in the United States , between the U.S. and China and the U.S.
Which side do you prefer ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only by a little effort that we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , I seem to liberate the audience by saying , Julia , be tough and strong and lethal to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I introduced this idea to my chief , who is here today , and he enabled me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about some very interesting books and stories with 17 interesting books in cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly looking at the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve gotten a great education , I &apos;m not in the field , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream that art becomes more accessible through new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
Let me give you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you some interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
You just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these little bits here .
Here &apos;s the weather in Wofi , the contemporary art department , the Renaissance , Rich and Van Gogh .
Actually , I &apos;m going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan journey .
There are two bars to stay with me : very cheap .
Please join me and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can go to the bathroom . You can go to the bathroom .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the mouth up and down .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the network .
Move ahead , take pictures .
Watch this .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best part .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite paintings , Peter Bregel Berry , the gatekeepers at MIT .
You see the sign of this burning .
If the elephant gave us that picture , you can stick on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in cultures can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve used in our prison with cognitive technology .
So these pictures , for instance , if I don &apos;t get it wrong , about 10 billion people have gotten infected .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion poxy figures .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This boy is coming out very , very uncomfortable with his face .
But then the desire to get more close to the picture .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the painting and I noticed that these kids were thinking something .
So I did a little study , and I spoke to some friends of mine at MIT , and I found out that this is a game called chocolate , and in the process , kids dress up in a log cabin on Thursday evening .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually came .
This is where we were , and this is the picture .
( Applause ) It &apos;s still running , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to the Museum of Modern Art again .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite features again , the night of God , the example I showed you , just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually has created this chapter .
We put the images together , it &apos;s like we &apos;re pouring in .
I &apos;m going to reach out to my favorite painting of this painting , and I &apos;m really going to reach out to the little bits .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really wonderful opportunity . It &apos;s called Cut .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , have a big home or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the image , you can change the size of the picture .
This is the Hippocrates of the E.U.
You can make records and send back to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from prison .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They gave us these amazing paintings .
It was my contentious experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we are shortly translating art into the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reinvent the storm ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This just encourages watching dogs .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write stories , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction , and some of the supernatural things that are called water .
But before I do that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course , I do it with words , but I also use a geometric body , a circle , and during my talk you &apos;ll be able to control a few circles .
I was born in Stratasburg , a French family .
A while later , my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little unusual .
We were surrounded by a lot of families where fathers were driving their families , so I grew up watching my mother divided into the landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a good educator , a worldwide , time-consuming woman with marriage .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my view , but more spiritual , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to browse and get crazy pictures of a mime without eyes .
A lot of my grandmother would come to visit me with heavy Plexiglas shoes of people or hands .
Every time my grandmother would say something in Arabic , she would take a red pen and she would squeeze it with ink as much as they wanted to pull out of the skin .
And then , one more leaf of that was put into a solid needle .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about this in the audience of scientists like this , but the truth is that all of the people who were facing my grandmother with brain problems , I haven &apos;t seen my grandmother be fired .
I was asking my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of shame ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the concept helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to ignore anything in your life , whether it &apos;s plastic or paper or human spirit , you have to surround it with walls .
And there &apos;s four of them .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we all do .
We &apos;re all born into a family , and we &apos;re all born into a dream and a classroom .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the ugly world that we needed , then we could end up with a fourth danger .
Our heritage would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed still for a long time from our cultural heritage .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our fantasies .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a light bulb , or they burn the wall so that the images can be extracted from it .
It &apos;s an ancient martial tradition based on the belief that humans are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through this diagram , people like this tattoo who live in communities are at greatest risk in the globalized world over time .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world : the liberals and the conservatives and the hunters and the creditors , the rich and the poor in East and East .
We &apos;re going to build layers that are based on the characteristics , and then we &apos;re going to figure out what kinds of layers people are going to be talking about .
I think the only cultural mythology to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can navigate other areas and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
One day my mother came home and said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to keep a law ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories of the house that was always good , but I was telling it to my siblings , which was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , talking to colorful minds and asking for forces when I was interviewing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I had a terrible privilege in my life , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to me was self-organizing , rather than moving to other lives , but also opportunities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to clap a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Go back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I went from this little , nuanced , mediocre ratio that my grandmother had , to this wonderful school in Maidan , where I was just kidnapped .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; Extraordinary representatives . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not correlate with colonialism , equal citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed as not independent , but as representative .
We were kind of a little bit of a U.N. , which was very funny , despite the exclusive moments that happened to the people who were reliable or trustworthy .
This kid or this kid would often become an object of forgiveness and war .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man whose respect for my freedom was less likely to miss the murders of the Rome Peru and the Trojan War in Europe .
( Laughter ) I used to wake up from class that day and dream of becoming a ship .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called &quot; &quot; The Explorer . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how many symmetries I had on a daily basis because they thought all sailplanes were wrong , and they were astonishing that from age I had to start crashing my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three concepts of my country — politics , symbols and the head .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt that my existence was the only box I could ever move with me .
Stories took me to be focused , to be continuous and to be successful — these were three things I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Timbul , a town that I was protecting .
I lived in many , many environments where I wrote some of my songs .
I was in Timbul when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that caught me up .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sells a shoe from soul , never spoke to the public domain .
She was sitting next to a transistor who had a long and half-covered coat hanging from behind her grandfather &apos;s house .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich with his bare hands , and he pulled one out of his shirt , and that painting of the Great Bear , until now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the security cleaner , and the transistor lying on the mountain was sitting on the mountain .
Death and destruction make our national differences and we all become united , even if it goes on for several hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we leave our little , wealthy wildlife behind , and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and begin to meet people we never met before or perhaps have meant deliberately .
A little bit later , I started chocolate in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt so much more than global change , rather than language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m not an embodiment , I &apos;m not an embodiment ; I &apos;m not an embodiment ; I &apos;m asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; So , using language , I &apos;m an opportunity to reclaim myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional to me , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and scientific to me .
I feel a different connection with two different languages .
For me , English , like the millions of other people in this world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through a constant and potential depression .
Because , as a beginner , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great deal of minds and speech .
And that tension is terrifying .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very disheartening .
At that time , my grandmother , who was tracking my lifetime , began to incorporate into her ideas that I would marry soon so that I could go somewhere and always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Timbul , I began to translate life into Arizona and Timbul , these two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been either mentally or physically .
Stories always bring me , keeping all my parts and memories together , acting like an existential salmon .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they &apos;re losing their well-being : if , or when , the story seems more like a story .
I want us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one figure , it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the things that were happening at the University of Boston were very common to me that the shapes of English had to be more than the shapes , but I understood what my destiny was .
And so I realized I was going to keep him quiet .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
In the school he was looking for a woman who was stunned because I was .
We often talk about how storytellers change the world , but we also need to see how self-determination policies affect how storytellers are distributed and repeated .
Many authors feel that pressure , but the non-Army boys feel that much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world that I am , then you will expect to write stories about deadly women , and you will choose to tell hard stories about deadly women .
Because they &apos;re expecting you to write messages and sketches and patterns and circles to your interactive friends .
What I felt when I was a kid at MIT is now in the literal world .
The writers don &apos;t view themselves as an independent creator , but they view themselves as representatives of their culture , a few of the Chinese authors , a few in Turkey , a few in Nigeria .
All of us are waiting to have something special , if not limited .
A colleague of mine , James Baldwin , in one of 1984 interviews , asked many questions about comparison .
When the journalist was trying to mention the fact that she was a gay writer , Bloody went to see him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? There &apos;s nothing in me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of personality is trying to put assets on us , it &apos;s dangerous for our freedom of vulnerability .
There &apos;s a mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the verbs from the outside world are gathered together .
I never forget my first multicultural advance 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three guys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art form or in the same book .
We were collected by our characters .
Many cultural authors are expected to write their own stories , not so many stories .
The initial feature is over .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Aristotle .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped from giving a speech to my five-year-old adviser speaking to me .
They were expecting me to write about the constructive , multi-story , multi-story , multi-story family , seeing women &apos;s eyes .
My story also mattered when I was caught .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about post-conflict conflict .
Sometimes my desire to get near both sides reminded me that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to stop my work .
I want to love and expand the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Monkeys are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the authority takes responsibility . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity unites us . The narrative unites .
One is called inevitable feedback .
The other one is the details .
One is boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built out of green ink .
And the reaction is like running water .
There were terrible stories in the Olympics called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to eat cereals , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , they were telling stories , they were telling stories at the time .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice by identifying that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even sulfur , death rates , not death rates .
Stories were being destroyed by borders like Hawaii Nashaddin , which was very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian writer is still reading the books of the High Line and vice versa , combined and reading the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
Books protected the Internet , bright girl like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — the first thing he did was he put Rumi &apos;s books on the water and he watched the words disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural titans is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us further and further apart .
There &apos;s one metaphor that I love very much , which is that life is like a party .
One leg on the other is continuously , hanging in there .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , constantly in motion .
That &apos;s my response .
Some are surrounded by sweet potatoes in Timbul , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting to other cultures .
In this way , I &apos;m pleased with the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to the Tumor Treating Fields have probably seen the Tumor Treating Fields , which has been the cave for over 400 years .
In Paris , with a little bit of a love affair , there is a place called the Jina parasite .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re blinded with things like incentives that do things .
We look at them as containment for supernatural things like water , which is like boiling and boiling water .
But more of those kind of sentences feel like writers and writers .
When I &apos;m creating , I admire ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love the way my portraits surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying of media , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a glorious , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that in the early days of creative literacy , the first thing that students teach is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Real literacy doesn &apos;t matter who we are or what we know , or what we are .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who write circuits with their daughters .
They connect all of humanity , regardless of itself , and it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for every life , whether love and love , God , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together to solve the Virtual Choir problem .
It &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
Increasingly , we are becoming more collaborative and fragile .
And as a result , we build longer social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is funny . He &apos;s looking at why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Until the game was over , we had skin pigs .
People were lying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , after President Hero decided that he needed to play a final game .
We want to visualize teaching behaviors and then bring people into the classical competition to get them to the top .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s a privilege for you .
We have a graphic connection , we have positive data on the rise of skills such as environmental recognition , knowledge diffusion , livestock , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is really a very small idea , can be driven by the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine through my childhood experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I broke my head , I cut my elbow , I put five paintings on my right eye .
And I began my journey to explain my gender .
And during that time , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that it &apos;s more effective , it &apos;s more inspiring and it needs to be good enough for a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , need to be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to reach the elevator through the wire .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , the attack against men has become a moral compass .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at being only four hours old last night .
What else I said — I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of poster to show off your own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a party and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight hours ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;ll probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Oh yes , that &apos;s right , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a race to play , I &apos;m going to do two oncognitive tasks , and we &apos;re going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and effic@@
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get you to see the island before it gets to the Titanic .
And our Titanic had gone too far .
I feel like the Leymah brothers and sisters could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this , because he would have been reading from 7.5 or eight hours a day , and he would have seen the full picture .
We now have multiple journeys all over the world : the things that are useful for us personally , the more joy , the happiness , the efficiency of our lives , will help our careers , and the world will benefit .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting to use it for decades .
Today , I use this material to create a sustainable , scalable , scalable building that is equivalent to sculpture in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I got seven tutors in art school , and I got a tutor .
I chose to become a painter , and it took me 10 years to draw when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright scheme .
By creating artisanal displays , I set up my own interior , and I spent my time in Matripora .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was known as crime .
So I tried making potato sauce .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
And I got out to the front page , and I started to see how the fishes connected and designed the network .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized it differently as a new way of creating a dish , as a way of creating a dish without a huge amount of material .
The first stage that really bothered me was to interpret these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Limit Horse . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture , we put the web up on the fans .
And what I discovered was that the highly plastic surfaces occur in each direction , creating images that were constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with the authorities , including in Lithuania , with the donors .
I loved the details that I received , but I wanted to create more and more things , to transform the box from the object that I was looking at , something that I could lose .
I came back to India after the fisherman who worked there , and we built a handheld network — a million and a half links — in a short time , in Maidan .
Thousands of people have seen it . One of them was the anthropologist Manuel Sol-Morris , who renewed the fragmentation of the city of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I don &apos;t know if I can do it by maintaining my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , were in conflict with a certain amount of ethereal .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would recognize the electromagnetic spectrum of the Sun , the atmosphere and the atmosphere of the atmosphere , but at the same time remain as smooth as smoke .
We needed something that was going on in the middle of the spectrum .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton stone .
We had to design an engineering solution that would move from the ground up to the ceiling and into the box .
But there was no programmable computer program that could model objects and motion material .
I found a brilliant scientist in Haiti who &apos;s designing tools for the American Portuguese Falcon , his name is Peter Hopper .
He helped me solve two problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the handheld tips didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a garden-manufacturer , and I went to the battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no programming language that allowed that traditional hand gesture to transform manufacturing by the machinery .
We had to do that .
Three years later , two children were diagnosed with four square feet of the network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that interaction , nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceptual place .
It &apos;s the first time I &apos;ve ever walked in a room .
Before I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown ground .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more expensive than the Web .
So we tried to get a little tiny water pixel out of the water that &apos;s transformed by the fog , and what we found was that people could also interfere with this material and go through the environment without destroying it .
This is a traditional material that I use to illustrate the underlying train tracks of the train tracks at the time of the train , as if it were the x-rays of the city &apos;s circulatory system .
The next challenge was to visit Jesus and the United States in Denmark , and they asked me if I could visualize the relationship between 35 countries in the West Bank and 35 countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I heard about the recent earthquake in Chile , and the sermons that had occurred in the Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally increasing the gravitational pull .
I joined NOAA , and I asked them to give me the data about the tunnels , and they transformed this thing .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it in the middle of a rock star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a thick , thin slice mold that was 15 times flat .
It would now be completely dense , and so much density that it could take away the buildings of the city and become part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks of shapes and models in nature .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to reconcile this idea to Thomas Skerer or Helen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t have finance yet , I dream of taking these ranches where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional and productive ways .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering techniques to create materials , clothing , ways that get to the top of the building .
My creative imaginations are expanding .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from one of my financial friends .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and he &apos;d be able to tell him how to go under the table .
Those people in the House of Policy were now slandered by their strangers , and they were looking at creation , images of transformation , and they were explaining wonders together .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on the horizontal line .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , flow with all of our sensitive systems simultaneously , is embedded in this huge region that has the appearance of the present , and the current state of mind and brain , and how it can be felt and heard .
I am an energy , connected to all the energy around me , through the consciousness of my right hand .
And right now we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left hemisphere , our left hemisphere , is something else .
Our left-hand cortex is thought of as primitive and metaphorical .
And our left visual cortex is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
