By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people will actively use social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although this is somewhere printing , I think it has some profound implications , and it &apos;s worth exploring .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this part of this , this is a blog that was written earlier this year by Dr. Miles , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and his friends that they would write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I have died , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself , when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would report this information that I had written , and this activated website became a content . &quot; &quot; Because Milellies was a reporter , his mind was probably well-written and well organized , but in fact , each of us creates an algorithm that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited before .
Take a moment of statistics .
Nowadays , YouTube videos appear for 48 hours every minute .
200 million numbers each day are written .
The average Facebook user generates 90 pieces a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best way they &apos;ll be done is to have some photos and some economic videos , or an app that &apos;s hanging out in a box .
And today we all create this wonderful wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To make it simple , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a picture of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what will happen to our online professors and social media skills after we die .
One of them , I got a bit of appointment when I was at a restaurant in New York City .
( Video ) AO : Black .
Murray : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Screw idified . Not too long .
( Laughter ) E : It &apos;s a little bit awesome , right ?
That service just allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for yourself , with videos , photographs and stories that can be placed after you die .
But what &apos;s happening in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dan Roy , who showed last month that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
As the ability of cars to understand human language and build huge amounts of data continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a whole life of interdependence , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs that we create with so many .
I think some time later , our digital personalities will be able to communicate with the real world beyond our mortality , through all the accountability that we create , and through technology , to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter letters , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Now , as you can see , the outcomes can be happy .
You can imagine what this would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technical skills .
Moving forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots could be communicated based on the characteristics of a particular human being based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being generates in its lifetime ?
Finally , going back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN gave a speech-to-text column to their survey , Andron Coup interview .
What if we could use technology like this to protect the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate in a very similar way based on the full accountability that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s fully possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them are expanding exponentially .
Now , to close , let me tell you what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in solar technology .
My company is trying to encourage people to pay attention to the environment .
Have attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) But anyway , we can release this piece — I &apos;ll just stick it in front of you . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) That &apos;s not it . ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , is it over time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to her .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something global , something real and accurate .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has a lot of problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
It &apos;s 5.25 meters thick , it wears a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
And as we go through this process of encryption , the spinal cord goes down , and it &apos;s written here by 3,000 KO78RUS , the encoder in the lower quadrant .
As a subscription . This is no use .
Learning to understand meaning .
As a kid , I started Googling .
But unfortunately , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if it &apos;s done with RUS it means Russia .
Cities code . You can find this on some phone networks , cars .
I tried to make a connection to the prime minister and so forth .
And after a lot of research , we finally found this website . This guy worked a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journalist , and in this blog he &apos;s writing his life .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his village , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is doing it .
The Mercedes-Benz S600 is a 25-mile driver , more than 400 rupees . For the 20th child in Stanford , this is a full-time car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
This is at the center of Stanford .
He had broken the car . He had broken the car .
Here &apos;s his Moses — there &apos;s L.A. Sharana , who &apos;s kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of Sharia .
It ends with 78RUS if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime is over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime is over ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t work that way .
The vast majority of cases are still in power .
We don &apos;t know where the polls come from . We can find criminals .
It &apos;s often very frustrating . The police in the text don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It &apos;s changing very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
And that &apos;s what the Siemens S7-400 PLC has done .
It &apos;s programmable therapeutic controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet catches one of them .
Then there is a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electricity , chemistry , math factory , you look around , everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , like electricity , we obviously depend on computers . And this really creates .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We have another way to keep going , even if the computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So the premise is that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , when things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s actually incredibly important for continuity .
I &apos;m going to tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s all you &apos;ve ever had .
If someday you won &apos;t have them for anything , I will be the beauty of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that the Internet is crashing .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
That will tell us everything . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re going to lose everything . We &apos;re going to have to do it all together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
Let &apos;s do a real investigative task of finding out what crimes are — these organized groups that are counting millions on cues — and that &apos;s more important than conservation .
It &apos;s about creating programs or web browsing .
It &apos;s about identifying people who are still there , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
At the beginning , I want to introduce you to this , it only takes two minutes to change your body position .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all intrigued by the language of the body .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the arguments that occur during the intersection , the inexhaustible silos , the worldwide faces , or blindfolded , all the time , the simple handshake .
Singapore . There they go to the base of the cliff .
Even in Bi-Bee and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , like my social psychologists , it &apos;s called non-verbal values , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnection .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and false beliefs .
And they can have a statistical significance in life , such as taking a human into account , or stepping forward , or taking time .
For example , the Nobel Prize researcher at the University of Texas has found that when people look for 30 seconds at a time , when they look at the real intersection of a single physician and a patient , the doctor &apos;s love of the doctor is going to spend their judgment on that doctor , that &apos;s not .
So they have to use them intelligently , right ?
Our ideas , our feelings and our organization are on the ground .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study propositions , and I teach at a high-speed business school , and it was unexpected that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly interested in the notions of power and power .
You think , what are the ways in which power and generosity are not entirely empowered ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically great way of imagining .
The animal gets bigger , gets better .
It &apos;s about making space bigger .
Jesse Threes has done this observation , which is famous as honor and recognition .
It hands us , it hands us , and we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
Here &apos;s what a strong and powerful meeting looked like .
When we stand strong and self-confident , we , independently , will fall apart .
I watch the movement of my students in the audience , and I realize that business masters really do manage .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others stay indoors . As soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some meaning with that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They &apos;re constantly more likely to be considered men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s especially important for business management masters , because the scale is shaped by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to get this gene out .
I started to struggle , so for example , university adopts these people who participate in class .
There &apos;s a prediction : yes .
For example , we hunt when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to hunt , the printer is bathed in teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit more happy .
It works twice . That &apos;s the force .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the way our bodies function , but can we change the way our bodies function ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why is it different from stresses and muscles ?
It &apos;s not surprising that people who are affected are usually more self-confident and better .
They really think the winner &apos;s going to come out when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of the stratosphere , but who &apos;s responding to the stress situation ?
Probably not . You would like to have .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indirectly , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new face of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a couple more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human .
You shake it , you shake it .
By shaking the button .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here &apos;s the analysis of testosterone .
It &apos;s only two minutes , and it &apos;s all these results .
And here &apos;s what happened to the corruption .
It turns out that our body language decides not only its environment , but its self .
Also , our body influences our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s possible to use that way to evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
There &apos;s no expression in your face for five minutes , which is worse than when you &apos;re convicted .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Lafrence does .
And then the experts looked at four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis or experiment is .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people represented themselves .
And this has impacted the policies .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
In response , they said yes .
They don &apos;t want to be self-conscious .
When I was 19 , I was driving .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
Learning came to the brain in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always considered mindful and talented .
I was removed from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five-year college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about it until you get there .
Imagine that time , before you become it , you want me .
Do it for so long that it hasn &apos;t become your part .
The last one I want to add .
Small boundaries can make big changes .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how to do it . Put your mind on it .
Make your strategy higher , lower the cortex .
Let me give you a context to think about your capabilities .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest challenge .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest challenges ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people come out of clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this exhibition is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t all do that , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read quickly : climate change , disease , aggression , conflict , education , financial interdependence , government and corruption , transportation and smell , population integration , social conditions and water , and social and mobile devices .
We think that symbols are the world &apos;s problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
And this was the most important question that was raised in June of December .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about overcoming adversity , it &apos;s about overcoming adversity .
In that case , of course , it gets trickier .
Climate change needs to be solved by the Kyoto response .
Diarrheal diseases need to be solved by the network of hospitals and mosquitos .
Communications with U.N. power and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is a kind of implausible statement — to write what you think about the major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember , we shouldn &apos;t do the first thing .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you also talk to your neighbors , and just mention that there should be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems , and there are fewer genetics .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m 18 minutes driven , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s really what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions going on , asking you to think , how do we actually define supermarkets ?
And of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that happened ?
And one reason for that is that bordering is extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symbols that the first one doesn &apos;t really understand that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of culture decides , and of course we continue to diverge the progress from a second , but in an indefinite way , certainly it would be harder if we actually did it in a certain way than if we actually did it and checked it and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do a lot and a lot of things , but we didn &apos;t know the gene , nor the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about genes .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family kiss . It can be a very small kiss , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s what Copenhagen is trying to do , trying to figure out what the genome of these problems is .
And this is what Copenhagen did .
We brought together 30 of the world &apos;s top economists , three psychiatrists in each field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? What would it take ?
It &apos;s also in infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What do we need to do about it , and what will happen ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Rel Masjid .
It works really well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that understandable .
And their land , in essence , was a symbol of the culprits .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) — because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you &apos;re going to ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airwaves .
But if you want to know which of these two are the first to fight , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do the dirty work in a way that tells us what to do first and what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there &apos;s bad projects , meaning that projects where investing in one dollar makes more money .
There is a medium , a good and very good program .
And of course , that &apos;s where we need to start with the invention of very good programs .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very end of the show are climate change .
A lot of people would disagree with this , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say , I can &apos;t come back to that later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have a disagreement with your indicators .
Why do they say that making Coke or something more than Coca-Cola is a very bad premise , just because it &apos;s too inefficient .
That doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do with this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average environmental models , which is the Citizen Project , if everybody agrees with it , would take 150 billion dollars a year .
This is huge money .
It flows twice the rate of developing the Third World countries per year .
However , it will do very little .
Almost all models will follow global warming at just six years .
So a guy in Bangladesh who &apos;s at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little bit better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we &apos;ve spent a lot of money trying to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , sanitation , primary healthcare and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money doing nothing positive ?
Or performing an incredibly good thing with that money .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
That doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — I mean , I &apos;m not going to count everyone — infectious diseases , health care , even though they &apos;re going to get a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is incredibly important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , all of this leads to us that we are suddenly on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going forward .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
So I want to show you the four cultures that need to be addressing the world &apos;s problems in the first generations of programs .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are being treated with a dataset .
Court can even make a percentage of countries in dangerous countries .
If we invest in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunity to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the long-term , and also the global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
The common model , if we can get the freedom to go and specifically reduce the traffic in the United States and the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a staggering half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually get two to three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , in about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive tools to solve the food problem , particularly in the micro-range .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffering from air , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest in 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars over the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of combating HIV / AIDS .
The first one is treatment , and the second one is treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone well , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And the treatment is far more subtle than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do a good thing with the X number , healing and predicting things 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our transcendents .
I want you to look at your praise and say , are you ready to organize it ?
Or do you want to get here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a primary solution .
We have to work , of course , on the problem of climate change , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little bit .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of the members of our team of dreams , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most ethical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of 2100 Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help a rich Dutch 100 years from now ?
Do we want to help people in Bangladesh at the moment that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Shelling says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re not supposed to be a rich Chinese or a rich Chinese or a Japanese , or a Congolese resident of 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t it strange that they helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they certainly didn &apos;t care about my grandfather , or the Japanese
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of the problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so well understood .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a great movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emerry to pick up Bride Pitt for his next film in Tanzania to attempt a snake , or something like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not just the movie .
So I think in a lot of ways , the Copenhagen Convention and the whole discussion of farming is really addressing the problem .
So we can realize that this is not all for us to feel good .
And not just to make the wisdom in the media landscape possible , but to make better action possible .
The next thing that I think is very important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering some sort of indirect choice .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
The developing countries in the 1970s decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t seem that we &apos;re on the road to all the major problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
That &apos;s what I &apos;m saying .
If anyone can tell you about this , it &apos;s going to be great .
But the basic idea is , if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go back and think about the best companies .
I just want to highlight : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting older , white Americans .
And they don &apos;t have to have a stupid image of the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
They only need two thumbs . They need to learn English at the university .
Most of them , first of all , were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the polling stations , and so they did and proposed their own testimony .
And what was interesting was that the demonstrations were the same : in the first place , the problems of terror and disease , and climate change were at the end .
We did it many times .
There were a lot of other ceremonies and a lot of students came .
They were basically meeting the same show .
And that gives me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I think we need to go some way to start thinking about supermarkets , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
We &apos;re also beginning to think about the right way for the world .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do work with big spending , not with things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make strong programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we &apos;re doing and not doing .
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start not worrying about other things .
I hope that this will help us better limit farms and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine from Prussia , Red Ellen to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , and we were busy , so we picked a road that went through the local fire and national fire , and to cut a long story short , we chose the farthest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 square feet .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
And my friend looks at me in the mirror .
In the first place , it &apos;s perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the signs that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs portray . &quot; &quot; He kept looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you are , the famous Chinese heroic who inspires the grandmother &apos;s space . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about situations that look a lot like this : why we sometimes miss the signs around us and how we act when it happens and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You might be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but I actually have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking of false , or at least think of it as being wrong .
We get it visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , right here in the present time , all of the sudden seems to be theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go back to the present day and vote in the present day .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed in a small bubble of our own right .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , as individuals , as professionals , as well as all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in this belief in our own right .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authenticity ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Hello . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re the answers to another question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel all this and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like , for example , my stupid mistake of the Chinese heroin .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a short coat hangs down all the time , but he can never get to a cliff .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the pianist is running after the bird , and the bird is running through the hole , which is normal , because he &apos;s a bird and he can fly .
But the stuntman is running behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , especially when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running , until the moment he stares down and realizes the air is on .
And at that time , he &apos;s moving .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re like that firefighter when he &apos;s running through the air , but hasn &apos;t looked down yet .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So , that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us insist on the belief in our own right .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is splitting out survey work , and one of them looks like this .
It &apos;s not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you know exactly what you think about the child who wrote that surveillance job .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so , by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are mistakes , mistakes are accountable , and second of all , the ability to achieve success is greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are shrinking the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
Right ? I always say , the CEO , the strategic , the meta-narrative guy .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs , strategists and mortgages .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get frustrated with the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He gets annoyed , the surgeon does his job , puts the paintings and gives the patient his room the safety net .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes up , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is it in the wrong side of my body ? &quot; &quot; And her mistake is because the surgeon has survived her left leg instead of her right arm .
When the chairman of the hospital gave a speech about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For whatever reason , the surgeon has been convinced that he is on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The internal belief that we all often have is that trust is not the driver of accidents in the outside world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and at that time we do things like , for example , more than 750 million cubic miles of clean oil disposal or disposal of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully theoretical .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it the same way , by making a series of metaphorical assumptions .
First of all , when someone brings up their disagreement , we simply assume it &apos;s unknown .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the number of colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the complete picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it available for their unfortunate goals .
So , this is terrible .
Our spending to be true is driving us from errors to prevention when it &apos;s so irreversible that it makes us do terrible things with each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and tragic thing is that it all loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everybody to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if they do , life would be very peaceful .
Your idea is not so great that you see the world as it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yeah , for that same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Sue Auguste thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes is not a substitute in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or sacrifice .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to geologically find the answer .
I think the pursuit of this planet is the source and source of our productivity and creativity .
In the last year , for some reason , I &apos;ve been hearing a lot of times the phone call &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; sound .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I have lost .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating .
I proposed to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but instead there is something else going on . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s what he says , &quot; &quot; that &apos;s what we need .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our lovers and our processors , are going to give those stories away .
We love unexpected medical changes , constraints and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but instead there &apos;s something else going on .
George Bush thought he was going to hire Iraq , he was going to find a devastating headline , he was going to liberate the people and the Middle East to bring democracy .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violation of Egypt would be in his lifetime , as long as he or she would become older or sick and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and have kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everybody was asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forget , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to find the wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all of these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the amazing things that have to change the world , TED , 1998 .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work that way . ( Laughter )
And what is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
Here &apos;s another operation .
This conference , as you &apos;ve already heard thousands of times , is about the miracle .
I think if you really want to explore the wonderful , you &apos;ve got to go out of this little space of self-sacrifice , look at each other , look at the infinite , complexity and decoration of the universe , and say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee met a village in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Khan , the director of Liberia &apos;s Prison .
Narrator was originally considered immense murder , but at the same time , spending time on small metals , he and other people started planning attitudes on dozens of sites in New York City including kidnappers , synagogues and NGOs .
Fortunately , those plans were sprayed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the resolution of the International Space Station was not stopped .
In the end , they would be sentenced to participate in the medicine .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , with his Egyptian engineers , and my beloved American mother and teacher , who were trying to make me a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the side of Islam , which even a few of the Muslims can see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-connected with their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to make others live like them .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of Hurricane , he and his friends were coming to London for a particular purpose .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which , without the knowledge of our group , was controlled by the FBI .
When I was on sabbatical , my father helped me to save my mother and explain how to treat the doctor for about 30 years .
That day , the last flash of light that I clicked on the light on the top of the ark , and to my astonishment , everyone , especially me , the whole army broke apart .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; Oh , Mama . &quot; &quot; As did my father , as did his father .
They all laughed at it a little bit , but after a couple of years , I realized exactly what they thought was so ridiculous .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
These guys , finally , were going to be judged with 1,500 pounds of motorcycles to fit into the World Trade Center subway station at the North Pole , which killed six men and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people that I called marriages , which means tomorrow .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good about someone else , it was time to gather and move to another city .
By becoming the new face of the classroom , I always became a gardener .
I was covering myself in my classrooms to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was a lot more rapid in class .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
Because of that , I had a social ability to say a millimeter , and growing up in a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgages like human racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in California with a Cologne project .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a witness to acquaintance , which was something that I was more interested in .
The members of our group were involved in different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized there was no natural disconnect between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend , and honestly , I felt the honor that I was able to earn the crocodile that I had believed in almost all my life was impossible .
There was another environmental evidence that came when I found a public job at Budrus during the fun .
There , I was subjected to various people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a factor in my nature &apos;s development .
I had learned that balance is a man , and more broadly , all the margins had an exceptional effect .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the shop , and soon I found out that most of them are the worst , the least violent people I &apos;ve ever met .
By bringing a child with a hand , he gave me a sense of compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat people as much as I would like to be treated myself .
Because of that feeling , I was able to reconcile myself to the audience as a child , through real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an army , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it happened . &quot; &quot; Every night , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be with me about my multitasking , and he helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the human condition .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own grandfather , who never lost .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever until I live .
He looked at me with a grizzly eye that would have someone with sufficient depression to live their whole life , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that moment , I realized how much radical energy it takes to keep all that embodiment going .
Zack Eborem is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave with my father and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that someday anyone who &apos;s concerned with using violence can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , even though I was exposed to that violence , the inevitable idea , but I did not become the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to challenge terrorism , the challenge of globalization .
I do it for the geeks and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to them in their lives .
For the veterans of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak for these unmeaningful actions , and I &apos;m going to judge my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special in any religion or race , and his son is not supposed to follow the path .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The imagination is what they &apos;re looking for .
&quot; &quot; The Cat &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they love it .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to make a living .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the text by changing our understanding of the ecosystem from consumer goods to opportunity .
It allows us to satisfy the law , which we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If agriculture is able to recognize and maintain , then repair is the ability to repair and develop .
It allows for a developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and explore the presence of the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more humane and more effective way to understand our environment .
The dragonflies , which are the standard methods for most people in the world , are very comfortable , they &apos;re very mobile tools .
Green , yellow and red want different kinds of visitors .
Communication is easy , go to the waist , stay away from the waist , think about going back before the drugs .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We can &apos;t make it happen continuously if we measure success by changing the patterns of the species including in yellow and red .
But what if we just wanted to eat insects ?
This is a cardboard wrapped up Thunnus albatross , a non-threatened species .
It &apos;s burned in a card and it &apos;s not burned by accident .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s also good for local economies .
But that &apos;s a big deal , a big deal .
What &apos;s the subject of this taste ?
Do I belong to the size of a 450 gram ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t want you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The point is that we need to have a hypothesis , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , antibiotics and minerals are useful in the heart .
Great . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
Ladies and gentlemen , we have a little bit of a backup problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we hide that value under the vehicles .
We hide that value under the rule of thumb to accept the truth of ignorance .
And we hide that value under the income of vitro .
So the point of restoration is that it matters what we need .
The surprising crowd can be best represented not by Jones , not by Philippines or by Gordon , but by Golly Grey Girnet .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is the new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to suggest that broccoli can be considered a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we eat them all .
But we have to eat it with lots of meat .
The best part of the surviving profession is that it comes in with half a cup of coffee — a chick of Toobia and a chicken nugget .
It &apos;s a 142 gram puppet filled with a child and a crocodile filled with leatherbacks filled with leatherbacks and a wine pillar filled with stainl-steel wool so small and small , a little carbon , a little bit of coal and a little bit of Egyptian oil .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing about it is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America from the time we &apos;re eating .
Silicon Valley is fighting to save oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about the media . We need to be afraid of it .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produced by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a mess , but sleep is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that worries the responsibility of food .
Just for what it &apos;s made of green source doesn &apos;t mean that we need to be careful about it in our view .
There &apos;s a little environmentally frightening guy .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a fear buffalo designed to eat an environment that is not harmful .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
While we reduce public policy , media choose to increase popular use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of Americans , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can still have a baby if we invest more .
That &apos;s the stigma I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about the law .
It &apos;s about how we look at our closets .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is minimizing measurements in penises .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time on their food and connecting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less white .
They got more calories because of cumulative food .
They got healthier . I made more .
Great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the context of the human wall .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various forms of representation — little Japanese sandwich , nanoparticles , primarily zebra — solid gold .
The crowd , the media , the police , the guerrillas , the Taliban , were the common species of the allies .
We steer the ships towards more flavor , more efficient , repaired differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big settlements , those models , the tuna that I was talking about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very comfortable with any big fish in the ocean , there it is .
Start a big fish with 450 grams .
Take the fish . Take the fish for four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apartments with a marshmallow , and then open up the best building you have , the nine apartments and the tune .
Give it the chance to eat it .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and repeat once a year , maybe .
I have bigger expectations than food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think producing ingredients , producing food and food , is part of human interest .
My blessing was that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on what he had to eat .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were involved in white blood pressure , and they were treated with a lot of angels and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brick .
That &apos;s what I normally eat today .
I get sick when I go to a museum meeting restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a battery pack .
It &apos;s awesome .
But the most astonishing thing you &apos;ll hear about the ocean and the fact that you &apos;ve heard about the ocean is , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that probably the biggest number is that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For obesity , I &apos;m looking for useful compounds that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and slow things that I don &apos;t think are going to change .
For my family , I look for contradictions that come from my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to get rid of this idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start screaming , we &apos;re going to start screaming .
We need to eat bananas .
We need to eat small pores of meat .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , &quot; &quot; Singing . &quot; &quot; It became a commercial .
In November of 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 foundation in Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robert was in jail .
Here I am with my wife , Jesus von Dorr , one of the most fascinating moments of my life .
The following day , all of the artists were invited to come to Robbie County , to meet Manila , where he was going to spend the computer in front of the global monument , standing on the window of his previous prison .
And you see the window here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
At that moment , Mendala appeared to the world that there was a real despair in her country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in multiple states , and that the demonstration of religions leading to more than all the small groups — women and children .
This influenced my thinking because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this effect on women .
So I got a job when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I &apos;ve got to work for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went on to every 464 organization that I could have ever been to , and I looked at the monolithic orchids , the questionnaires , using my talent as a musician to myself , pushing myself from the enthusiasm of Mandela for his own sake .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everyone in the world is adding Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , the country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;ll just collapse .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting State Department , who is the founder of Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the court and an activist .
I met her on one of the 4664 mediums .
He was wearing this kind of orange juice that I &apos;m wearing now .
It &apos;s a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in a relationship with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this subject is like a mess of contradiction , I &apos;m wearing it . &quot; &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with the U.S.
They &apos;re giant help to the people who live on the ground .
They have education programs .
They address the questions of frustration .
The act of doing it is really quite paradoxical .
And yes , my Saint campaign is supporting Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of well-being of HIV / AIDS and raising money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I was able to get , went right into the Treatment Action Campaign and donated to the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and still have done in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people in the Sing campaign who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a grant , and here I am singing in Hong Kong , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play mainly with the whiteboard , the middle African audience , who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using films that really capture the heart of this devastating difference and the very essence that we have , people deserve to be ignored , because they really don &apos;t know what the solutions are .
His name was Mowgli , who &apos;s now a former health professor , and he was also in the audience , and I was able to meet him , and he suddenly became an expert in making changes that are so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became an IMF consultant in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of ISIS awareness .
Here she is in Edinburgh with the children of the great African National Park that I just protect .
And like most of these children , they already are , because their parents are HIV-infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting next to Missouri , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor for me that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become the poster of HIV / AIDS at UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to widen the circumstances of my lab .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to effectively explain HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby to 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved in the support of political tools .
It &apos;s possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both pushing , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is taking care of her life so she can make care of the child who is going to bring about the world .
And her baby will be HIV-positive , mother-in-law enforcement , which means she can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of a virus at the beginning of life .
And this is the kind of tools that we need to bring to life with AIDS .
Now I just want to finish by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have died from AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she had already noticed signs of AIDS , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the Eastern Hospital hospitals in Kathmandu , and we had a whole bag of chips after her , just an amazing child .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see .
They built a special feedback loop for a girl who was watching and saving her beautifully .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital , because we did .
So clearly it was a very emotional meeting , which left us with immediate memories , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) And this extension of disability is actually for hospital doctors and doctors who have been inspired for Alicia .
Suppose you had this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you to consider , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to get nutrition and productive medical care , and you believe in the Narrator of the United States of America , in particular in the fifth and fifth , which all governments in the world need to be independent , in particular , African women , I want to ask .
I think I &apos;m going to be right if I tell you that almost everyone in the audience is going to stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Resolution is a wonderful way to move forward from reality , and it allows us to do anything that science can do tomorrow .
As a pedestrian growth , I assemble the areas of mind and science to give you a sense of the future of technology .
You &apos;ve probably all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the school and the world that you see is accumulating information — names , lights , buildings — and maybe one day in the street , even the names of the passengers you caught .
This is what my mental cortex looks like .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a nightmare .
When you look through the school , you &apos;re scanning the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need tools . We need tools .
Like this . Let &apos;s mention the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The record is ready . The tape is transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different symbols : love , bread , cow and wheat .
The newspapers are one of the biggest editors ever edited .
Now , some people think four marks represent four markers per year .
Oh , wine , wine , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh .
Death is like magic . It &apos;s a temperature grass , when the water is turned into ice , and then everything &apos;s gone .
Each sign has 13 playgrounds . ( Music ) Voice : Each toy is 13 lightbulbs for all of the light bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the survival , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful actors of the mind .
The MT players have two colors .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun shining at night , and the overhead reversal .
Voice : Sorry , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the things that surprised me was that the toy had 52 cards , as the age had 52 weeks .
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per birthday is the number of days .
Keep going . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : No way up , no way .
MT : By the way , my birthday was six years old , I had received my first players , and since then , I &apos;ve traveled all over the world — including men and girls , men and women , men and their grandchildren , and even for the brotherhood and the brotherhood . ( Applause ) Who are these ? MT : Yes , they are . You are .
Thank you .
Jack . Hey . MT : Are you ready for your talk ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you got .
Jacques . I &apos;m wearing my scarf .
MT : Get drunk . Jack . Hey , come on ! ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m presenting another audience .
I want to organize for you .
Sound . The toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can you make it grow ? Does it have to work at nine or five ?
Of course not . The answer has to be 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little bit extreme , but of course it &apos;s all working . Some people will say growth is the act of non-zero-force force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , in Germany there &apos;s &quot; &quot; no , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intellectual , although I have to warn you that if you play with a wise player , which is how you divide your cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s probably one in 4165 .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my citizens are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important toy , which is the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not important to operate , so no . Voice : The card is invented .
TMT : It &apos;s true , no matter what .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year interview .
This is part of the challenge of taking a picture every day .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s horrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the elixir , the joy of the youth and the road .
When I was a kid , I was actually very tough , insecure and totally frightened , fearful of people , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I was feeling inside of me .
I , by the end of the semester , was walking when it started to sound like I was singing with my thoughts , playing with my backpack , just like I did when I suddenly heard a voice saying , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the simplicity and the length of the observation was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks , and on the third side , reproducing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even after some weird , exhilarating and hopeful time , although I noticed that the quiet condition of the sound was changing , and it was sometimes detecting my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , by hiding my emotions , then the sound was awkward .
A process of analysis started , the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear sounds , and the fact that I was sure nothing was happening .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And fairly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For instance , I was a student on TV who was interviewing the news at the university , and at a meeting with the mentor , who was too late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , my doctor , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
First of all , I was diagnosed with a hospital , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was exposed to a lot of hope and awareness in terms of myself and my images .
But by being committed to perceiving that sound not as an experience , but as a symphony , the fear of it is more difficult to address it .
At that time , it was essentially introducing him to the acceptance of my own personal thought — a kind of spiritual political war , and this has led him to a lot of the sounds that have been increasingly enlightened and consuming .
You see the water with the muscle ?
In fact , there was a deep period of fear , frustration , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt unhealthy and unable to achieve a level of peace and quiet .
Two years later , the surgery was legal .
Until now I had a whole repertoire of performance — awful sounds , unfamiliar videos — strange and conforming images .
Now , looking back at those years of frustration and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , while someone else had saved .
A disrupted and disconnected person began that journey , but the person who had arrived had been saved and ultimately made it possible for me to be lucky .
Many people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories of people helping me .
I know Eleanor would suffer his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in the kitchen , but the summer is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the well-meaning people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , just from the place .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning , because the sounds were so abstract and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn how to interpret metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as a verbal truth .
For example , the sounds that were killing me at home , I learned to negotiate as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first I believed it .
I remember , for instance , sitting there one night beside my parents &apos; living room , looking for sounds that I truly consider .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry about it .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By understanding this , I was recently collecting resources from my hidden self , a voice that was expressed every bit , statistically speaking of psychiatry from every medicine class , only this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Innovation , being part of the international organizational movement of people listening to sound , a pioneering effort that Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sarajevo Eisner &apos;s work that perceives the permission to hear sounds in the case of survival technology , in the case of normal reaction , rather than the fact that it &apos;s important to hear somebody else who has to hear somebody else in the
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of improving .
In other words , if there is social change , then it is catastrophic .
You can &apos;t stand a man who &apos;s proud .
I can &apos;t tell the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the web in five matriarches , in 26 countries , working together to develop dignity , unification and rights into people with mental disorders in order to create new language and hope that unites individual trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a human being that has an innate ability to treat and use this sophisticated quality of mind .
In this sense , there is no greater fund and a reason for society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient — to see , to join the help , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are naked . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what you told me about you .
You wonder about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photos .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are pictures you can &apos;t get with your camera .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer when I was 15 .
It was mixed up with the interest of mine in the morning , but it was slightly different , because in the application of the photo array , the process is much more prototypical .
When you take a picture with a pencil , the process ends when you mold the pencil .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place at the right time .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road buildings .
But there &apos;s an unexpected environment .
And yet , they have a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both stainless and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean reality .
Because , of course , images like this are not really possible , but I always want them to look like this , as if somehow they were able to photograph them .
Images that require a moment to think a little bit about the possibilities .
And this has given me more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the leader ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at the 21st century .
It &apos;s not all that real , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take pieces of reality and connect them to one another , an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But by being connected in a different way , they can create something that looks like a three-dimensional thing , as if it were possible .
But we also know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process with photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , those are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in the process of putting the images together , it &apos;s really important to consider this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention three basic rules that you have to follow to make the reality come out .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that these pictures combine to have the same vibrations .
Second , you have to have the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with images without compromise .
You have to have any idea how to make a picture .
Comparing colors , concentration and light between the boundaries of different images , adding photographs , such as the depth , mixing colors and amplifying the digital fabric , we remove the differences between the images and the individual image , even though the image can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of images of different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make an environment than to find a place like this , because then you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of waste , I knew that I had a couple of months to prepare , and I had to find all sorts of details to get these pieces .
For example , this fish was shot at a fish farm .
Data is from another place .
And part of the army was photographed in the vicinity of the victim .
And something else , I turned the house a little bit red so it would look more civilizational .
In order to get results , everything ultimately involves planning .
I &apos;m always starting from an exxement , an idea .
And then I start collecting different images .
That &apos;s where all the pieces are designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here we are , and the only thing that constrains us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Julian , good luck .
It turns out that Wikipedia , your little girl , in the past few years , has published much more detailed documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assad . Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so badly that a small group of activists can upload more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s monuments together ?
CA : How does it work ?
How do people pay the bills ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can tell , classical explorers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret , the Internet , to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Berland to use legal protection .
We get information in a basic gap , whether it &apos;s registered or not , in a simple media frame , we confirm and find it very difficult sometimes , when you talk about massive amounts of information , when you talk about massive amounts of information , you put information in the community and then protect us from unpredictable rights and political responses .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are fake , but actually the source itself is hardly ever known .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any case , then we might as quickly dismiss it .
( Gunshot ) Thank you .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the TED Convention is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JE : So this is Kroll &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll that was taken after the government of Kenya in 2004 .
In 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Model for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphy forces , trying to eradicate Kenya from the corruption , they took this feeling , they spent about two million pounds on a companion that was driving .
And then the government stopped it and used it as a political solution to Mo , who was the wealthiest man , and now is the wealthiest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of the chemical report .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election — the national election , the 28th of September .
When we reported that feeling , we reported three days after the event that a new president , Kiribati , had decided to reconcile with the person who came out to meet Daniel Ashraf Moi , and this colleague , he invited president Kiribati .
CA : And , to cut a long story short , Kenya talked about pleasure not with the council reports but with the council reports , and you think that &apos;s really powerful for elections .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headline , and then it was published all over the country , in the Tanzania and South Africa monument .
And so she posted it .
And that , in a couple of days , became the cause of the Kenyan Movement to talk about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , where the vote was 10 percent based on a chemical investigation , which changed the result of selection .
CA : Well , did the data from your side actually change the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of the Band-Aid airbag .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is a strong newspaper ; I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a round of applause .
I &apos;m making your bike , well , they have about four cords , so , sir .
Man is free . All right . Screw .
Tell me when they hit me . Get ready .
Good morning .
Well , no .
( Gunshot ) Don &apos;t worry . Don &apos;t worry . ( Gunshot crowd ) Don &apos;t worry .
Hurricane Kong : Baghdad , Baghdad .
We have to move .
Well , we &apos;ve also entered a slow motion .
Now , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still breaking .
Rogers . I grabbed them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Oh , yeah . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kamen . Okay , there we go . I pack them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : Those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two mentors to Buddha to study that story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three comments that happened there .
CA : And I mean , 11 people died in that arrangement , yeah , that seems to be the work of two Ruters .
JA : There you go . From two rollers , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And that explanation turned out to be the driver of excitement .
What was , for you , the real reason of anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power disagreement .
What you see here are men walking barefoot in the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter cantilevered object in the air , sticking all of them , finding each object in order to do that , and killing the people in the orchestra .
And there were two reporters there that were not easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s been arrested , and it turns out that he &apos;s been criticized by this video , and also by the 280,000 advanced U.S. intelligence telecommunications .
Is that it ?
JA : Well , we were worried we &apos;d gotten these calls .
He was recruited about five days ago , 150,000 radio masts and covering 50 .
We published a telescope at the U.S. Capitol Agency earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was from a well-known trip .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , thousands of telecommuters ...
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) CA : Yes . ( CA : Y &apos;mon ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of the art of human rights is in those governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what the material is .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more broadly about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is right ?
JA : Well the question is , what kind of information in the world is important , what kind of information can be transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend economic work to gather information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information comes out , there is hope that it will do good , because organizations that know best , that know best , that know about it , that work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a payoff for the people involved or really , for the vast majority of society , that a payoff can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our commodities , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
So we have policies of understanding threats .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your physician — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re dealing with the discoveries that make the foundations good .
CA : So their foundation is good .
And what you would say , for instance , is a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you published something that someone had a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence of millions of people around the world that American soldiers are human beings .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perception is not going to change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people perceive and think about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to light up what you think companies and government are key secrets .
Light is good .
But is there no way that you can find a secret to your own resources to explore ?
JA : I didn &apos;t . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victoria .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a complicated situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to maintain our well-being , not to destroy it .
CA : I would actually like to — based on just our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in knowing the concept of TEDsters .
You know , it could be two types of Wikipedia and Johannes .
You know , hero , the hero of the audience who brings this important light .
It &apos;s dangerous .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : A bright bullet , Julian , a bright bullet .
You have to try a little bit . Let &apos;s show them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re going to do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a sign that we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Mexican province , but not so big .
And we came up with a revelation , an engineering analysis of the accident , which actually said that security workers from some of the interest , some of the most vulnerable companies , actually had to stand there and paste them .
And some of the Albanian government had something to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything written on it , so it was a very complicated detail for us .
We couldn &apos;t handle it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the staff were trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote this week , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) She said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
More specifically , what &apos;s the point ?
Can you show that you had legal rights to this document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this text where the author &apos;s name was written in the Museum of Mecoscow Word .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things have often happened .
So this is an example of one of our methods to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of fun and a lot of scientific effort .
And so our media landscape has gone down over the past couple of months because we &apos;re restoring the systems because of our overwhelming social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization is growing , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means that we get a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check those information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mainly in the news constitution and in the media business ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
So we &apos;re a society which is very difficult to grow up very quickly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to repair that so that you have people who are going to be dealing with the highest safety of the country and then with lower security .
CA : So let &apos;s have a personal understanding of you and how you started this work .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Is that it ?
JA : Well , my parents were filming , and then they were throwing away the garbage , so the two bullets ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , you were also older than younger , and you suffered early in power .
JA : Well , I was a reporter .
You know , when I was a young reporter , I was a young reporter .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was looking for it .
And so it has to be sensitive to the other word .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this moment , it &apos;s mostly used by your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts to buy your Grandma &apos;s market .
So it &apos;s not as common as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you introduce us to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps to limit them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure of the media .
But the basic values — well , by the way , most people don &apos;t generate favelas ; they &apos;re feeding them to cows .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and from other points of view , from people of great age who have lived in my life .
CA : In conclusion , do people enjoy designing ? Do they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , so eating is not my kind of thing , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to eat chickens , there &apos;s a way to control crime .
And it &apos;s something that has been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : Quick last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
His bank sector had a dodecahedron of his economy into the NGO .
Anyway , we &apos;re in the Netherlands last year .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it was released . As in the movie , the contest appeared in the media , and the reader shouted , &quot; It never happened . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the site all the time as a lion , and we became very famous in Iceland , and we went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And in the community , it was such a shame that it would never happen , and as a result , we worked with some political makers and other international legal professionals in Iceland on a new type of legislation to make it an official monument to be free , with the most powerful press guards in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that matter , Norway can use the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) The last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , do you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secrets , or will we observe the Big Bang , or should all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure the situation is going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge amount of pressure for the legislation of freedom of speech , and there &apos;s a correspondence between the United States and China and the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because with just a little bit of effort we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , by saying , Julian , was tough and strong and determined by you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my chief , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting documents and stories , nine of the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do this project .
I think my personal pressure is very visible to the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a wonderful education , I &apos;m not in favor , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and performance works of art .
And when I began traveling and traveling in caves , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an artist through a more accessible new technology .
So we created a wonderful team of amazing people , and we started working .
Maybe I &apos;ll show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these cables there .
This is the Muffice of Office , the Museum of Modern Art , the Renaissance , Renaissance and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan Museum .
There are two ways to stay . It &apos;s very cool .
Put it there and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in a trench and fall .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the canvas and insert it inside .
You go in , and you have to go to the end of the network .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Look at it .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t done the best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite pictures , Peter Broaglyn Brothers , in Mathare .
You see this sign of money .
If the candle gave us that picture , you can stick on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in using cognitive technology in our prison .
So these pictures , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , about 10 billion missing .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to have 10 billion base pairs .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things in the picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is awkward .
But then the desire to get closer and closer together .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I looked at the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I spoke to some of my relatives at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called a chocolate game , where children sleep on a Friday afternoon with a pencil .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now as we get closer , we get to the dust trees .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so we &apos;re going away so you can see how they actually got there .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The stage is still ahead , so you &apos;ll see it in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features again , the night from the Gold Rush . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this chapter .
We sort of embed the image , as if we were in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think nobody &apos;s ever seen this picture .
Now let me show you one of my favorites right now .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Transit .
Each one of you , whether you &apos;re wealthy or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own desktop on the Web , your own collection of images .
It &apos;s very cool , you know , inside of us , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow a picture , you can change the scale of the picture .
This is from the Hippocratic Ocean .
You can make recordings and send them to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the most important thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from prisons .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
And they gave us these amazing paintings .
It was my experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly present artists to the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reinvent the storm ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
There we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , telling stories , writing pages , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of the reaction , and also some of the supernatural creatures that are called water .
But before I go into that , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the environment . You &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Starbucks , a French family .
Soon my parents were separated from each other and I came back to Turkey with my mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The ratio that surrounded us was filled with families where fathers were driving the family , so I grew up watching my mother divided into the landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming woman with marijuana .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very motivated by me , but with more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who , fortunately , was in the grocery store and got horrible images from her belly , not to blink .
Many were coming to my grandmother with heavy socks on people or dresses , with arms .
Every time my grandmother would make words in Arabic , she would take a red pen and collapse it with a marble as much as they wanted to take away the marrow .
And then , one more time , he was put in a cardboard dish .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who were addressing my grandmother had a macular problem , I haven &apos;t seen a problem going on .
I was asking my grandmother how he did it . Was it the power of the toilet ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from the many lessons I learned , I became a very angry teacher , which is that if you want to destroy anything in your life , it &apos;s fine , it &apos;s fine , it &apos;s fine , it &apos;s fine , it &apos;s human spirit , then you have to surround it with
And I &apos;ll take it inside .
Now we all live in a circle of social and culture .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , a nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the outside world , then we might be in danger of fourth .
Our survival would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed hungry for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they looked like us , then we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephant in a cup of tea , or they run off the wall to get the picture taken off the wall .
It &apos;s an old Arabic tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time in the future .
Through the map , people like this face , living in communities , the biggest danger is in the globalizing world over time .
And it &apos;s happening all over the Lebanese and the conservatives and the geese and the rich and the poor in the East and Europe .
We tend to build buildings based on similarity and then reinforce the creatures of other planets .
I think all you can do is make these cultural catheters win by the art of the reaction .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can actually navigate and even combine what we see .
I started writing since I was eight years old .
And one day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Hey , do you want to have a drill ?
When I look back , I think he was remarkably concerned about my mental state .
I was always telling stories of the house , which was fine , but I was telling my educational friends what was always bad .
I was an eight-year-old boy , talking to colorful mates and asking for help from objects when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was calling my day &apos;s notions and feelings .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an awful lot , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that has become my whole life &apos;s meaning of writing stories .
The reaction to me was in my autobiographical posture , rather than a journey to other lives , but an opportunity .
I &apos;m going to suggest you &apos;re a little bit quick . I &apos;m going to draw a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it .
Go back to my story at the time , something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this tiny , middle-class household ratio , where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful Machine National school where I was alone .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; an extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different nations , and yet this diversity did not correspond to colonialists , equal citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a method where every child was viewed not by individuals but by a large thing .
We seemed to be a little bit of a U.N. , which was a lot of fun , regardless of the exclusive moments that happened with your nation or your belief .
This kid , or this kid , used to be kind of a forger and a forger .
And I knew it very well because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country , and there was only a handful of men in my nation who were going to be killed by the Roman Pepsi and the Turkey War in Europe .
( Laughter ) I used to wake up that day in class and dream of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen in October , called &quot; &quot; Explorer . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how many symbiosis I had every day , because they thought that all sailors were masters of the world , and they were astonished that from age I had to start crashing my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three aspects of my country : politics , politics and politics and leadership .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I still felt my vulnerability was the only refugee I could ever move with me .
The stories made me realize that I was going to be focused , that I was going to be continuing and that I was going to be successful — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was six years old , I moved to Starbucl , a countryside town .
I lived in many animals , many environments , where I wrote some of my papers .
I was in September of 1999 when the earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene like this that came to me .
We had a local pride , an elderly man who never sells a bread from the soul , never spoke to the priests of the community .
She was sitting next to a transient who had a long and hard time , and the army of the arrows rose beneath her feet .
I saw that man with his bare hands opened the door of the sandwich and surrounded himself with these images of the German earthquake until now in my memory , the conservative grandeur and the English language sitting on a mountain .
Death and destruction make our country &apos;s difference , and we &apos;re all unique , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can have such an effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but in a good reading , we leave our little , well-meaning livestock , and we go out into the bush at night and we start to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we intentionally agree with .
Within this case , I started growing women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not a geographical change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a fan , not a clerk . &quot; &quot; I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; By using language , I &apos;m able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a different connection with two languages .
For me , the English , like the millions of other people in this world , is a common language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living all the time and all the time .
Because as a beginning , we always want to say more , to make better decisions , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of consensus between mind and speech .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : the discrimination is very tempting .
At that time , my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , began to invade the insecurities in her own backyard so that I could get married soon so that I could get married somewhere and forever .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Steamboil , I &apos;ve started to transform lives in Arizona and in Timbul , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or mentally .
Stories constantly conduct me , keeping all of my pieces and memories together , acting as an ecstatic salmon .
As much as I know stories , I recently started thinking about how they &apos;re losing their wonder : if , or when , the story seems to be more than a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting look from a book publisher .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; she said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look . There are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters in the book , and there &apos;s only one figure , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events of the house were happening at the University of Boston , it was normal for me that the foreign characters would have to be more than the foreign , but I understood what was looking for my grandfather .
As I realized , I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my own statement .
In the book , she was looking for a woman &apos;s womb because it was me .
We talk a lot about how storytellers change the world , but we also need to see how self-determination affects how storytelling expands and contradicts .
Many boys feel this push , but the non-Argentinian boys feel that way .
If you &apos;re a woman , like me , in the media world , and you &apos;re supposed to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re supposed to be very difficult stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages , growth and type stories , and surround yourself with your interactive and dangerous colleagues .
What I experienced when I was a kid at the Machine School is now in the literature world .
The writers don &apos;t look at it as an independent creator , they look at it as representatives of their culture — some Chinese boys , some Turkey , some NGOs .
Each of us is expected to have something special if not subtle .
An interview by Justice Bloody in 1984 asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to reconcile the fact that he was a gay author , he turned to him and he said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing unusual in me that &apos;s different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it threatens our freedom of our education .
There &apos;s a mystery called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the Arab world are put together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural journey 10 years ago in Harvard .
We had three boys — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or in the same gallery .
We got our signatures together .
Many cultural authors are waiting for them to write fiction , not so much fiction .
The orange one is replaced .
In this way , it &apos;s not just boys , it &apos;s also boys who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I also have to admit that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It comes from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 , when they stopped me in front of the courtroom to respond to the speeches of my favorite characters .
They were waiting for me to write a link to the constructive , multi-story , multi-story households with women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story mattered me when I was asked .
Some criticized me for reading about the post-conflict conflict .
Sometimes it was my desire to bring both sides to remind me that it was just a diamond .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story alone , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to eradicate my work .
I want to love and appreciate the reaction to the substance of it , rather than the point of it .
The writers are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views for that , but the language of the reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last one in responsibility for the boy . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity divides us . The statement is basically .
One is called unintended consequences .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
And the other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Okinawan time , there were terrible stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to fundraising boxes , storytellers , often violating these stories right there .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them as ordinary people , even the soldiers , the dead , not the dead .
The stories flew off the borders , like the Caucasus Najmuddin trips , which were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today &apos;s stories continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian process is still reading the books of the book , and vice versa , linking and receiving the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books protected the girl as I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi came across his spiritual path , from Sami Terries , and the first thing he did was he looked at Rumi &apos;s books and he looked at how the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t lead to you is greater than the knowledge . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not in the knowledge of one another ; we know a lot about one another , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t lead to us is far and away .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much ; life is like a side .
A leg of the leg is permanent ; it &apos;s buried in a place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , fully in motion .
That &apos;s my response .
Some of it is surrounded by everyday cotton fields , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting to other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucks have probably seen the lottery of Turkey , which has been the submarine of Osama bin in over 400 years .
In the pavilion , a little bit of love affairs , there &apos;s a place called the Jenny Supreme .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re unconfident about the kinds of things that are going on .
We consider them subjective to supernatural things like water , which is like a cow , and boost desiccation .
But more of these kind of posters need authors and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disillusionment and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen 10 pages later .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a woman who &apos;s dying , and she &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m probably going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama bin Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Yeah . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s the great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know about it .
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Spatial literacy doesn &apos;t matter who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural catheters and look for somebody else .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who make their way through their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of the self . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to finish my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make life easier for everyone , whether we like it or love it or not , the world ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the reality that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together focusing on the problem of Australia .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build larger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is fascinating . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before the games moved , we had skeletons of mushrooms .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really amazing .
However , 18 years later , the preacher decided that he needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine the curriculum , and then bring people into the classroom to the table .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive duty in increasing skills such as environmental recognition , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , earth and opportunity .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , is to channel the road for billions of great ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is colors .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
Because of my hard experience , I felt his gender .
Two and a half years ago , I was aware of the cure .
I broke my head , I broke my arm , I broke down , I put five paintings on my right eye .
And I began my journey to describe the gene .
And in the meantime , I knew a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that it &apos;s more effective , more stimulated , and you need sufficient to live a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the top .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , it &apos;s become a legacy for men .
I was having lunch with a boy who was seemingly glorious for just four hours last night .
I just wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you &apos;d spent five hours , that would be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of warning , to show your own advantage .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited back and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight hours ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is clear , but somehow , I &apos;ll get a chance to play a race with two coffeehouses , and we &apos;ll see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so tired and successful , but that &apos;s not true , because they &apos;re
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to be able to see the chapter before it falls against the Titanic .
And our Titanic has gone extremely far .
It makes me feel like if Leymah brothers and sisters managed the Leymah brothers and sisters could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , her sister would probably have noticed the burden , because she would have taken seven or eight hours of sleep , and they would be able to see the overall picture .
Now we &apos;ve had multiple journeys all over the world , which is useful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers , and will benefit the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open your motives and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s a story about potential deeply .
Fourteen years ago , I first found this common material , asking for years to have exactly the same use .
Today I use that material to create stable , stored , monolithic structures in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied class or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after the college was over , I took seven art schools and I got a music .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By asking for a surgical sample , I set up internal , and I ended up in Marabul .
The day of the shower was coming , and I didn &apos;t have that inside .
You had to do something .
The Jewish village was famous for its crime .
So I tried to make a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and difficult .
I came out to the capsule and I started to see how the fishes connected and designed the network .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized that as a new approach to creating a glass without a massive amount of material , I realized it was a way of creating a glass .
I was fascinated by the first scene with these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Limit Up . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to photograph , we uploaded the network to the ears .
What I found is that desired bright surfaces excavate wind every time , creating images that were constantly changing .
I was excited .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with residents .
I loved the details that I received , but I wanted to create more and more stuff , to transform the glass into something that you look at , something that you can lose within .
I came back to India after fishermen working , and we set up a network , a million and a half connections , a short time , in exhibition in Maiddia .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Manuel Solar Marsales who transformed the urban area of Portugal in Portugal .
He asked if I could make a sustainable thing for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by conserving my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , these properties infused the material in a standard fashion with etherism .
I spent two years looking for detail that would result in solar cooling plumes , air conditioning and methane gas , but at the same time it would be covered by wind .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we drilled a 20-ton steel mill .
We had to design an engineering solution to make the scaffold move from a nearby tail to a container ship .
But there was no computational software to model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Asian architect , who is the architect for the oil spills of America . His name is Peter Happiness .
He helped me solve two German problems : provide the right shape and turn .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because I couldn &apos;t make it to America .
So I contacted the wine manufacturer , I met them in the battlefield , and I realized how to wave with them .
There was no software involved in the language of that traditional manufacturing technique that transformed the production of the car .
We had to create like this .
Three years later , after having two children , the network was 15 square kilometers thick .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and undesirable diamond .
Now it was a perceived space .
It &apos;s the first time in the room .
While I was watching the wind game , it made me feel like I was going underneath the ocean and at the same time connecting to an unknown country .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that for a Japanese shape , the scaffolding had to be more subtle than the web .
So we tried to get some salt from water that was contaminated with pixels that would change windshields , and we found in the process that people could also interact with this material and move it around without being turned off .
And I use this metropolitan material to illustrate the logic of the retail of the subway , at the moment of the process , as if it were the x-rays of the city &apos;s circulatory system .
The next challenge was to live in Denmark , North America and South America , and they asked me if I could imagine 35 countries in the West Bank and how they connected with it .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the recent earthquake in Chile and the Seminia that underwent the whole Pacific Ocean .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the Earth , accelerated the planet &apos;s surface and literally reduced the gravitational length .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asked them to give me the data about the seed , and they translated it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microsecond that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stainless way that I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a cloth , a cloth , 15 times a cloth .
The classroom would now be fully drunk and thoroughly dressed as a part of the city &apos;s building .
There was no computer program that thought these complicated networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to sustain the idea of Times Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build chambers that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t have money yet , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional objects and entertainment .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering to create a stunning , stunning , forms that reach the edges of buildings .
My creative obsessions expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , she &apos;d never been interested in art , she &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now she &apos;d walked out of the building and she &apos;d been able to tell me to go under the stairs .
Those people in the Palestinian police had now been washed away by their unfamiliar side , and watched the creation , the shattering image of the wind and the wonder collectively .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on the horizontal network .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two sides of them are completely separate .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is reversed in this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the present self and how you can feel and hear it .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shaking awareness .
And right now we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
The one on my left is another thing .
Our left-hand corner is thinking linear and metaphorical .
And the one on the left is thinking about language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt so much weight in my body . Imagine that .
