By the age of this planet , more than a billion people are actively engaged in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about this — this is a blog created by Dr. Milly at the beginning of this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that this is how they write , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here I am , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I was once asked that when my body ended up dying of cancer cancer , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this activated website became more active . &quot; &quot; Because Millel was a journalist , his brain was probably well-written and more sensitive , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited before .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Right now , every minute , YouTube video is uploaded to 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 pieces a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they do is they make some pictures and some economic videos , or an agenda stuck in a box .
And we &apos;re all creating this amazing rich digital device that &apos;s going to continue to hit , after many years of death .
And I think for technologists it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
To put it very simply , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to put a picture of what the present and the future is like .
Now we know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online professors and social media companies after we die .
One of them , quite well , found me when I was writing in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
MT : Is that ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Again , it &apos;s not even later .
( Laughter ) AO : A little scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service just allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for them to show up online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be placed after you die .
But what happens in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last March that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand human language , and by constructing huge amounts of data , it &apos;s going to continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of complexity , numbers , photographs , video , blogs — that we &apos;re creating with such large numbers .
I think some time later , our digital personalities can continue to communicate with the real world beyond our death because of the full integrity that we create , and with technology , we have the ability to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your writings on Twitter , everything you write to make certain predictions about what to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results can be happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , and the improvement of our technology skills took place .
More recently , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate like humans .
But what if these robots can be communicated to the characteristics of a particular human being based on the characteristics of hundreds of thousands of pieces that man is creating in his life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous campaign that was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN collection of sweep-duty performers pointed out on their studio to interview Andron Coup .
What if we could use technology like this to predict the presence of our loved ones in our rooms , which is really relatively expressed based on all the complexity that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible to do that , because both the absence of the data that we use and the opportunity for technology to understand it , it &apos;s rapidly expanded .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d like you all to think about , do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in aesthetic technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment , turning their attention ...
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of everything we do .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second before it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the outside .
And this is happening in our daily lives .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something globally , something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a 5,25-meter strand that wears a Brain A virus . This is the first virus on the computer .
When we keep procrastinating , the mycelium bubble bursts down here , it &apos;s written here by 0600KO78RUS : The encoder at the bottom of the encoder .
It &apos;s not used in any way .
Study the meaning .
So I went to Google , actually .
But unfortunately , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some red friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up in Russia , 78 is the city of Santa Barbara .
Court : You can find this in some phone networks , cars .
I tried to connect the dots of candidates and so forth .
And we finally discovered this website , and this guy in red , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he writes his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life — he &apos;s about 20 years old — about his accident , his friend — and he &apos;s got a very nice car .
This guy is actually behaving .
Mercedes-Benz , a 6,000-mile driver , more than 400 movers , and for the 20 children in Santa Barbara , this is a family car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was convicted .
Sanghamburg .
He &apos;d smuggled another machine , and he &apos;d put pictures of his blog .
( Video ) Narrator : Here &apos;s her Majesty the Leader Sharana , who was kidnapped . You can see the president of Homaro .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Work saved . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if crime calmed down ? In many cases it &apos;s not that far off .
In the majority of babies .
We don &apos;t know where the instructions come from .
It &apos;s often very confused ; text police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , it &apos;s not .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
This is something that made this thing . This is Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable treatment controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They actually run one of these . And if Stuxnet acts one of them .
Then there is a global revolution , and there is a risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have critically important infrastructure .
You go to any store .
Electric , chemical , math factory , look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary spaces like electricity , we clearly depend on computers &apos; work . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So preparation assumes that we can work when things are not there , when things are not there , in fact , infinitely important .
I &apos;m going to tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s all in your head .
If you don &apos;t have them for any reason , I look forward to the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It will tell us everything . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re in a position to lose everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
Let &apos;s find out if we can find these network criminals — these organized groups that are counting millions on commitments — and this is more important than defensive .
Creating programs or Internet publishers , and most importantly , after these sessions .
We need to find the people standing there , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So I want to start by showing you that it &apos;s going to take you two minutes to change your body position .
But before that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s over . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all obsessed with body language , and personality .
We &apos;re interested in , say — ( Laughter ) — the arguments that occur in the intersection , the innocent jokes , the world-class appearances , or innocent eyes , all the way down to simply handshake .
First of all , this is where they come from .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
And that is that when we think about non-verbal values or movement , which sociologists call non-verbal values , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make false beliefs about the values .
And they can have a specific meaning in critical circumstances of life , such as accepting people &apos;s work or leaving them forward or meaning time .
For instance , a researcher at the University of Texas found that when people watch a 30-second period of time a single medical doctor and a patient , their doctor &apos;s love would be disenchanted , would I give the doctor a judge ? No .
So they &apos;re supposed to be smart , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organizations all the time .
So , what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study propositions , and I teach at a high-school business school , and it was inevitable that I should be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the imperfections of power and prestige .
What do you think are the necessary means of forces and authority ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically large way .
The animal gets bigger , gets bigger .
By doing more space .
Jesse has studied this phrase , which is known as pride and discovery .
Hands write us down , decrease us , don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our team stands strong and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students move in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
As others go inside , as soon as the audience goes inside , you see this .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more frequently than men .
They are always allowed to compare themselves to men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for business masterpieces , because value is fundamentally shaped by participation .
Business schools have been struggling to solve this gene for a long time .
So I started crying , like , university adopts these people who participate in class .
There are ideas to suggest , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat , the paper is thrown away with teeth like this , we &apos;re a little bit more happy .
It works on the side . It works on the side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is this : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the way our bodies look , but can our bodies change the way our consciousness changes ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are the forces and the arrows different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more self-confident , more confident , better .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a race out there , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have strong control , high stress level , but whoever is in response to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in fact , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal scale , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the pieces of humans .
You shut it down . You shut it down .
You &apos;re swimming around .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes , and it &apos;s all this .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language decides , not just about the environment , but about ourselves .
In addition , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think this is how you can use your girlfriend ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
For five minutes , no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t do that . Maria Laffers can do it .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or the condition of the experiment .
And feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And all of this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
And they answered .
You don &apos;t want to be a diplomat .
When I was 19 , I was driving .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain region emerged in the region of repetition .
I knew my IQ because I was always being smart and talented .
I was removed from college , trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to finish college .
that I am independent .
You have to stay and shape like that .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I did five years of college .
I had no sensation , and he had , and I understood his life .
It can shape until it &apos;s done .
She had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about that before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
It &apos;s not until it &apos;s become part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small flags can make big changes .
That &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Use your level of testosterone , decrease the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability hasn &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about , what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people learn .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the perfect world we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the issue of solving it first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , age-related diseases , conflicts , education , financial absence , government and corruption , sovereignty and charity , social landscapes and water , and supermarkets and beyond .
We think text is one of the most challenging issues in the world .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is most important ?
Where do we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in December .
Of course , it &apos;s not right for people to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about overcoming problems , it &apos;s about overcoming problem-solving .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change should be solved by the response of Citizen .
An infectious disease must be solved by the networks of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use force and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — to write what you think about major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic mistake — remember , things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , you &apos;ll also talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there should be some of the world &apos;s greatest solutions , some of the world &apos;s greatest problems , some of which are the least extreme .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I &apos;m 18 minutes old , I &apos;ve already given you a fairly big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions , and I ask you to think , how do we actually limit borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t this happened ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t completely understand that we don &apos;t want to create a show like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a culture , any kind of culture , and of course we &apos;re continuing to differentiate the outcome from a second , but in an irreducible way , of course , it would be better than if we actually did extrapolate and follow it and talk about it .
So what I propose to you is that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know how many things .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big bath , but you don &apos;t know anything about chickens .
For example , you asked the question , but you don &apos;t know what it is .
It can cost a thousand dollars .
It can be a family mission . It can be a very small passive , right ?
They want to know .
And that &apos;s exactly what Copenhagen &apos;s trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And the main work of the Copenhagen was like this .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three spirits in each field .
So three of the world &apos;s most famous economists were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
It &apos;s also in infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel laureates , met May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The college at Cambridge , amazingly , decided to call them Rel Mazeed .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not that much understanding .
And what they did was , in essence , a set of superheroes .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know who to fight with these two , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They appreciate it .
They do a kind of dirty job of saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the shot that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet too , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came together with a show where they said there are bad programs , like programs where investment per dollar makes more money .
There are averages , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here from doing very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
You can see the climate change at the very end of the slide .
A lot of people would disappoint this , and this is probably one of the cases where people would say I can &apos;t come back to this .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did this happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to go back to that question , because that &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreements with the exhibitions that you &apos;re writing .
Why are they saying that doing something more than Coca-Cola is a very bad predisposition , just because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do on this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the middle class of eco-economic models , the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most powerful means of developing countries in the Third World .
However , it would be very little useful .
All models , including global warming , will only last 2100 years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands before 2100 at risk of hydrogen can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a huge amount of money trying to get nothing .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you can solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can provide all the people in the world with clean water , with sanitary pad conditions , with basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money doing nothing positive ?
Or performing an incredibly good thing through that money .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only projects — I mean , I &apos;m not going to take all of them — infectious diseases , healthcare primary services — and I &apos;m going to go a little bit higher in this direction because , yes , healthcare is too important .
It can do good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , all of this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at good projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also have a lot of infrastructure spending .
Now , I want to show you four cultures that are supposed to solve world problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
Data is transferred to a few million people .
Currently , even in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up a bit .
We can prevent over 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting a billion people a year .
We significantly increase their ability to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the long term , the global warming problem .
The third is open-source .
The common model , if we can get to the window and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and the United States , we can give life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is about half of the world &apos;s second world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very rapidly , in about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very valuable ways to solve the food problem , particularly in the form of microbes .
About half the world &apos;s population is made up of cotton , silk , zinc and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars over the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be wondering where to put the first one .
And treatment is far more expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in preventive programs .
The money that we spend on ourselves , we can do good things by treating X and 10 times better by preventing it .
And again , we better focus on prevention , like treatment .
It really makes us think about our cultures .
I want you to look at your celebrities and say , did you have it ?
Or do you come up with the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think that this was a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just for it , because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a lot .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the members of our dream team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , as we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions in the U.S.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;re going to be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about rich Dutch .
And the real issue , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help from a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help , and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re supposed to be rich , like a rich Chinese , like all of you , or the Congo people of 2100 , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s odd that they were so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and not really worrying about my grandfather or grandmother , who could be much
If it doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie by definitely wanting to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emerry to choose the Brad Pitt for his next film in Tanzania to try sniffs and things like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not so much a movie .
So , in many ways , I think the Copenhagen Convention and the Copenhagen discussion have really solved problems .
So we can realize that this is not a good thing to feel .
And not to make the element that &apos;s at the center of the media focus , but to create the foundation for making better action .
The next thing that I think is really important , I think , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re going to make an immediate choice somewhere .
Of course , we should do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , developed countries decided we needed to spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown wider .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t look like we &apos;re all in this together to solve all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you can tell Bucky about this , it &apos;ll be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick example . Do we have a really good show ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up surprisingly getting old , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
They only need two seconds to learn English .
Most of them were from the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could come out significantly from the polling stations , and so they did and proposed their own testimony .
And what was even more interesting was the same thing : the first stage was the problem of obesity and disease and climate change .
We did the same thing many times .
There were lots of other signs , and lots of students came .
They were basically meeting with the same show .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about borders , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we &apos;re going .
I think of Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to collect more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Design for the right way for the world , and also start to think about policy .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that gives people a lot of money , not things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some very powerful programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results with very little money , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define farming and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I traveled from Prussia , Red Ellen to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and busy , so we picked the way that ranges from local angels to national jurisdictions to , in a nutshell , we picked the way we could .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My girlfriend looks at me .
The first pillar that you &apos;re sitting in is perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I go , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs portray . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese character for the grandmother . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : Why do we sometimes miss the signs around us , and how do we do it when it happens , and what does it say about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but I actually have a huge advantage over interaction .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking wrong , or at least blaming ourselves for thinking we can be wrong .
We see it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the event occurs to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right now , are theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to present , we go for choices , we vote for them now .
In fact , we all live our lives suspended in a little bubble of our own right .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to evacuate that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most sacred , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authenticity ?
One reason has to do with feelings wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Scream . Very bad .
Owl . Okay , great .
Awful , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and everything else , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like , for example , my stupid mistake of the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where a poor player always follows , but can never reach a bird .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird flies by the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
And at that time , she was walking .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running through the air but doesn &apos;t look down .
We &apos;ve been wrong , we &apos;ve already got a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us insist on our own rights .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal that will tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us believe we should always be right , and it &apos;s about our society &apos;s culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is dividing the test tube , and one of them looks like this .
This is not the name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you certainly know what it was like to have a child who wrote that surveillance work .
She &apos;s stupid ; she &apos;s making orders ; she never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible , and second of all , that achieving success is a huge error .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , supercriminal .
I always say , well , headache , athletic , moral fear .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and marathon experts .
All right .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;re wrong somewhere .
Because we know that error means something is not with us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital . It &apos;s one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
She gets disappointed , the surgeon takes his job , puts the picture and gives the patient the cleaning room .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why does my body have the wrong side of my body ? &quot; &quot; And she gets the wrong side of her body because the surgeon has surgery on her left side , instead .
When the hospital director gave a lecture on randomness , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all often have is not a trustworthy conviction for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can get it wrong , and then we do things like , say , more than 750 million light bulbs of Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge operating problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully balanced by reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of hypothetical assumptions .
First of all , when someone finds their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s innocent .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to our coworkers .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they completely miss it for their imperfect goals .
So this is terrible .
Our commitment to being right causes mistakes to prevent us from making them so necessary that we can act horribly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and most controversial thing is that it all connects with the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brain is like a transparent wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everybody to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you did , life would be very profitable .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Derek said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think so I exist . &quot; &quot; Again , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
It &apos;s been discovered that our ability to make mistakes is not a moral framework in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or lose .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to find the answer to that .
I think the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times about this communication called This American Life .
I listened and listened , and at some point , I thought all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is really the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structure .
And it &apos;s this : &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; And it does . &quot; &quot; And Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of wonder and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our processors , they want those stories .
We love the unexpected changes in medicine , the constraints and the temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think there &apos;s something going on , but instead there &apos;s something else going on .
George Bush thought he was going to invest in Iraq , he was going to find a devastating devastation , he was going to liberate people and to bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she becomes very old or becomes ill and transform the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girl that you love at school and grow up with kids .
But something else happened instead .
And I must tell you that I thought I was writing a very disturbing book about something that everybody was throwing away for a group of people that never would have been put together .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s bad , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t forget , but this conference is an incredible denial of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all that , half of all the wonderful things that had to change the world , TED back in 1998 .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
And what is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is about magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you &apos;ve got to go out of that small space of your own right , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , complexity and decoration , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a guy named El-Side Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Ruby &apos;s Media Law , the Chief of Liberia .
Nigerian was originally sued for imminent murder , but at the same time he spent his time on little galleries , and other people started planning commitments on dozens of sites in New York City including drums , synagogues and the U.N.
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the Middle East didn &apos;t collapse .
Nazi , in the end , were judged for intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with the Egyptian engineers and the loving mother and teacher who were together trying to make a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to Islam , which many of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any citizen , you &apos;ll find very few percent of people who are so generally connected to religion , and think they need to use all sorts of ways for others to live like themselves .
A few months ago , she sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , she and her friends bought a dress in Long Island for some reason .
She told me the other morning I would go with them .
We got to the site of Calton , which had no knowledge whatsoever from our group .
When I was wearing my suitcase , my father helped me hold my suitcase and explained to the doctor about 30 nerves .
That day , the last flashlight I ever made that day , it filled a little light on the top of the fence , and , surprisingly , everybody , particularly me , the whole file broke .
My brother looked at other men , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; My God ! &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that event , but only a few years later , I totally understood what they thought were so ridiculous .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
These guys , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of paper bag to put a minibus on the World Trade Center subway station at the Soviet Union subway station that killed six people and killed 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning brother .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood was not allowed to have many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , gathering and moving to another city .
Being a new face of the classroom , I always became an addict .
I was covering myself in classrooms not to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more than enough soldiers in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
Because of all this , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by virtue of mortgage , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first life &apos;s experiments in questioning this thought occurred in the early 2000s .
I was able to participate in the National Conventional Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending most of my life as a guest — this was an object that I was much more interested in .
The members of our group were represented by various aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was celebratory .
It took me several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural divide between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and honestly , I felt proud that I could win the choir that I had believed was impossible almost all my life .
Another roundabout happened when I found a summer job in Budrus , entertainment .
There , I was surrounded by various beliefs and cultures , and that experience turned into a role in my nature &apos;s development .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more importantly , all of the dollars had a negative impact .
This object gave me an opportunity to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I realized that many of them are the most vulnerable , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hands-on child , I was raised to feel compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat a lot of people in the media in a different way than I would want them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront graphs that I was taught at a young age with real experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an army , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was &quot; &quot; Did it happen ? &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had me mentally free to be myself related to my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race or religion or sexuality have nothing to do with human nature .
He had been a model for me for quite a long time .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that the comic strip is more positive on my world than my own parent , which has never been lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
She looked me in the eyes of an angry man who had sufficient diagnosis for a lifetime and said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that point , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep all that embodiment going .
Mr. Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I hope that someday , someone who &apos;s related to violence can hear my story , and realize that there is a better way , even though I was considered that violence , the intransigent idea , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , malaria .
I do it for the atheists and the lovers , for the terrible pain and loss that the terrorism has brought to their lives .
I &apos;m going to talk about these unmeaningless acts of engagement and judgment of my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special to any religion or race , and the child doesn &apos;t have to follow the father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The imagination represents what they &apos;re looking for .
&quot; &quot; Can &quot; &quot; matter to me .
I want to know the people who are behind my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for water benefits to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer products to the restoration of our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the sentences that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If perseverance is the ability to recognize and maintain , then rehabilitation is the ability to replicate and develop .
It gives rise to the developing and dynamic system , and it accepts our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and encourage it .
It &apos;s a more polluting , more humane and more effective way to understand our environment .
Drug addiction , which is a traditional tool for many people in the world of preservation , is very common , it &apos;s very sophisticated tools .
Green , yellow and red , all kinds of cooking .
Communication is very easy , go ahead and grab a cake , go ahead and grab a cake , think ahead of it .
But I don &apos;t think there &apos;s enough food left in the green shop .
We can &apos;t make this happen continuously if we measure success by changing the frequency of the species including the tree and the red image .
But what if we just eat the plants in green ?
Here &apos;s a cardboard mountain range of albatross , a non-dangerous species .
It &apos;s rooted in a card and it &apos;s not blown away .
It &apos;s good for cats . It &apos;s big money , it &apos;s also good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the fruit , the headache .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t , and I don &apos;t like you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
The point is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , the antioxidants and the ants are very healthy .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
Guys , we have a fractal problem .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The problem is that we hide that value under the streets .
We hide that value by embracing otherness by embracing otherness .
And we &apos;re covering that value with income .
So the bottom line is that it matters what we need .
The most extreme articles can be stated not by Jones , not by Philips or by George &apos;s fans , but by Gold Grey Gaines .
Birds . They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new cake .
All right , so I &apos;m going to say that the Big Bang may provide a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best railroads if we &apos;re eating them , of course .
But we also have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part of the surprising letters is that it comes in half with a coat hanger with a bunch of dough and pixels .
It flows with a 142 pound paper bag and a shoe , dressed in mud and dressed in mud , and Kinoa filled with hot powder , dressed in broccoli so soft and broccoli , a little bit covered and hidden with a paper from a Japanese sandwich .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the wonderful thing is that all of these components are accessible to all the families in the world around Wormand .
Jane Oliver is fighting to save America from the time we &apos;re eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from the time we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget medieval harassment . We need to fear bullying .
We destroy the Earth , and then we begin to use the food that we create by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Imagination is something , but the fun is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to disrupt our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Wuters systematically lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shelter that doesn &apos;t care about food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s made from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we need to pay attention to it in our mouths .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental anxiety .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreign office to eat a predatory environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for restorative food .
As we cut down the public policy , media is about increasing the use of paper .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s the one I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about documents .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandparents .
As a tall cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize my weight in prisons .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and tickets because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating them and interconnecting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less expected .
They got more calories because of diet .
They got healthier . I made more .
It &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown in every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the human genome .
The other thing that we did was we started multiplying various forms of representation : small languages , squares , announcements , primaries , synergies .
The bride , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the whole forms of paralysis .
We turn the skins into more flexible , more powerful , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to appreciate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snipers , those kind of models , those green sweats that I talked about earlier .
Well , if you need , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very much like any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the class . Close the fishing four .
Throw it in four dimensions .
Take those four apples and then open up the best kitchen you have , fix them and drink them .
Give it a chance to eat it .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and twice a year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think making components , making food , and eating food is part of human interest .
My blessing was that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They would put in a whole battery suit , and they would sit with a lot of bathrooms and a little bit of oshalia , usually with bread .
Until today , I usually eat like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a gas station .
I start crying .
It &apos;s kind of like being modest .
It &apos;s amazing .
But the most terrifying sound you &apos;re going to hear and hear about the state of our oceans , I was asked to tell you that maybe the greatest battle of all time was that your mother was right .
Three drugs .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For obesity , I &apos;m looking for compounds that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and quiet things that I don &apos;t agree with .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for contradictions that come from my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom up .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that impact is and then take the first step to cut it .
We see our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start thinking , we &apos;re going to rebuild .
We need to eat mushrooms .
We &apos;ve got to eat mini-vegetables .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the battle of HIV / AIDS .
And this is my artist &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singer . &quot; &quot; He made a declaration .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robbie was in jail .
Here I am , with Jesus , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to meet Rob Queen , to meet Module , where he was going to pass a computer across the global monument , standing in front of his first battlefield of prison .
And you can see the wall here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madhira revealed to the world that there is a real confrontation in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this post-conflict situation , and that there are more vulnerable groups than anyone — women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic had this effect on women .
So I went from Sub-Saharan Africa , when I left Cape Town , I was charged with , &quot; &quot; I have to speak up about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so , following that , I went on to every 464 organization that I could have been involved in . I looked at Mola &apos;s orchids , interviews — most of the time , using my music as a musician to talk to me about all the contradictions that Mandela had brought about — to his great work .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world is increasing the Nobel Laureate .
But does anyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , their country , a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was going on there , they will just drop .
I was very , very lucky , two years later , to meet Qaeda , who is the foundation of the treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of an unbelievable part and activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 translations .
She was wearing this kind of square bag that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in partnership with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this grandmother is kind of a joke against mess , I &apos;m wearing , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be a staff . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a declaration made by ordinary people , including 80 percent of the participants in women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV camps .
They show enormous aid to the people who live through the battlefield .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re interested in questions associated with frustration .
The act of doing it is really quite violent .
And yes , my song company supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money for the past .
Most of the funding that &apos;s been successful to me went right away to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work that they &apos;re doing and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song company .
I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve traveled around 12 different countries .
Here I am , Oslo , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play with basically a white , medieval sub-Saharan African audience , who ultimately started to get upset , because I use a film of mine that really reflects on the heart of this terrible alternative , and the whole thing that &apos;s going on , people are terrified , because they &apos;re angry , and they don &apos;t really know what the solutions are .
Aaron Mobile , who is now the head of health , was also present in this choir , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was instantly able to make change in the field that is so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I went to Scotland to fight against HIV .
I showed them my experience , and again I tried to raise the level of reality of HIV .
This is Ms. Edinburgh with the kids of the great African Singapore , who I just play .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re already pregnant because their parents have been HIV-infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor for me that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a victim of HIV in UNAIDS .
That &apos;s the way I enjoy speaking , is to extend my liberation circle .
The lesson that UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard right now is that we want to effectively eliminate the transmission of HIV / AIDS from mother to baby in 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is completely possible .
And here I am with a woman who is HIV-positive , and we are beating , and we are beating , because we are very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is going to get the world .
And her baby will get MBA from mother to baby , preventing a baby , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is preventing viruses from the very beginning of life .
This is the kind of tools that we need to integrate into the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell her story to everyone , because she is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been displaced by HIV / AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was infected with HIV ; she died of AIDS .
Avalley was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
This picture is him seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she was already witnessing signs of HIV / AIDS , and she was also suffering from diarrhea .
We met her in one of the hospitals in East Cape Town , and we went through a whole baby after her , just an amazing baby .
And doctors and doctors just didn &apos;t see .
They raised a special certificate for a girl , and they followed it and they loved it .
And we didn &apos;t know when he was going to leave the hospital — because we recorded his story — whether he was going to win this .
So it &apos;s obvious that this was a very emotional encounter that gave us unhealthy memories , this kid , you know , his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve come down because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This scaling of adults is actually for doctors and doctors who were inspired for Alicia .
Suppose you &apos;re having this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to have food and effective health care benefits , and you believe in the emerging markets of the United States , particularly the fifth and third , which all governments in the world need to be fulfilled with : Specifically , can you please raise your hand ?
I think I &apos;m going to be right if I tell you that almost everybody in this room has stopped .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Very light . Completion is a wonderful way to go a step further than reality , which allows you to do anything that science will enable you to do someday .
As a cyber adult , I assemble the spaces of ingenuity and science so that you can feel the uses of futureless technologies .
You &apos;ve all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You &apos;re looking at the road , and the world you &apos;ve seen is accumulating information , events , events , structures , maybe one day even in the street with the names of the passwords that you &apos;ve just seen .
This is my mental workshop .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the skull , you slice the brain of a bieberg .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys . We need toys .
So , let &apos;s say the next time we see it , we know .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The battery is ready . The pieces are transmitted .
Marco Times : For those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , there are four different symbols : love , green , hot and gray .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think four cues are four times a year .
E : Woo , woo , woo , woo and ... Voice : My favorite line is the sound . MT : Yeah , yeah .
Sound is like magic . It &apos;s like refrigeration , when heat becomes ice , water becomes ice , and then everything goes away .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single toy represents 13 balls of light .
MT : Here &apos;s the information , the process , and the light in the middle .
Voice : Sleep is one of the most powerful leaders in the world .
MT has two colors in it .
Here &apos;s the shape and the light that warps up at night and summer the transition .
Voice : Mark , I don &apos;t know you can do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that a tune that has 52 cards , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days between the ages of birth .
Keep going . ( Screams ) Voice : Screw up , it &apos;s not real .
MT : By the way , my birthday was sixth birthday , I got my first birthday prescription , and from that day on , I &apos;ve traveled all over the world with happiness , including boys and girls , men and women , husbands , and even their grandchildren . ( Applause ) You know , who are these ? MT : Yes , they are . You know .
Excellent .
Jack . Hey , MT . Are you ready for that ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jockheim . I &apos;m putting up my gun .
MT : Go ahead . Go ahead . Hey , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we make it grow ? Do you have to work at 9- to 5 ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean the word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit counterintuitive , but of course it works . Some people say it &apos;s superficial . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
Actually , in German , it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s just . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not that intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a wise player , it &apos;s like spreading cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very different .
It &apos;s probably one in 4165 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my players are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m going to stay close with the last and most important toy in terms of politics .
Unlike everything we see , it &apos;s not important to operate , which is no . Voice : Map is invented .
Tweet MTT : This , no doubt , is real .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in the course of 30 Internet challenges .
This is part of the challenge of making a laser every day .
I was never that tall .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My kids were big , and I was happy to think about the lives of the elderly , the youth and the walkability .
I was actually very difficult , uncertain and completely afraid of people afraid of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt .
I , by the end of the semester , I was going to go out and I was singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I was doing when I was listening to a sound that said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity and the pace of attention .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t whether or not it was different or not , and even after a while it was kind of strange and exhilarating , although I noticed that the violent circumstance of the voice was changing , and that sometimes it was evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , the sound would go wild .
A kind of analytical process started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t real .
I first told the doctor at university .
And frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre address .
For instance , I was on a television with a student who was interviewing the news at the university , and a psychiatrist , a long time later , said , &quot; &quot; Listen , doctor , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
From the beginning , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most importantly , I was diagnosed with a huge amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful than refusing it .
At that time , it was essentially introduced to me by accepting a common practice in my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war — and this resulted in a lot of the sounds that were going to become tempting and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , misery , uncertainty and uncertainty started a period of time , and it was a struggle where I felt utter and unable to achieve a level of peace and skill .
Two years later , the surgery was profitable .
Until now , I &apos;ve had the whole repertoire : awful sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and despair , it seems to me that anyone had died before anyone else was saved .
A crazy , divorced person started that journey , but the person who came there was saved and ultimately made it the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that people helped me .
I know Elizabeth will obey his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is late , but the summer is late . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the brave and wise people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that mess , except for the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning , which I used to describe as literal truth .
For example , the sounds that were swept up on my house , I learned to comfort as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting beside my parents &apos; room from the abuse of the sounds I really thought I was .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; I finally did one .
Do you know I have a plastic carrot ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By embracing this , I was recently collecting the details of my deceased self with a voice that was stated by every unit , that I would increasingly outlaw psychiatric medicine again from this point of view .
I &apos;m now very proud of the Internet , being part of the international organizational movement of people listening to you , a company that has come up with this idea of Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandlawa Eeker &apos;s work , who believes that listening to sounds is a theory of survival , a normal reaction , not a subject of movement that needs to be part of a specific discipline that needs to
This kind of society is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of evolving .
In other words , if social change happens , it becomes disastrous .
I can &apos;t make a proud person .
I can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to you has created the networks in five continents , in 26 countries that have come together to declare the violence , the unification and the rights to people with mental illness in order to create new language and hope that will empower individuals .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s an animal that has to be treated with the basic equipment of the treatment and the cognitive machinery of the human being .
In this way , there is no greater leverage and responsibility for the public than enlightening the treatment of the patient to be honest , empower the help , share the patient &apos;s suffering and hope for healthcare .
We are victims . We are inevitable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be pasted or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful doctor told me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what they told you .
You &apos;re asking about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed up with my yesterday &apos;s interest , but it was slightly different , because in the photographic paper , the process is much more profound .
When you take a picture with a pencil , the process ends when you put the pencil in .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
So it felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are pictures like this : road farming .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or pictures like this , both sticky and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really be drawn , but I always want them to look like they can be photographed in some way .
Images that we need to think a little bit in order to discover the possibility .
And this has come up with a lot more ideas than I thought .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s related to light ?
What creates this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s a distance away .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take pieces of reality and unite them together to get an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , you can create something that looks like this again , like this .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re damaging our brains , because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a collection of different realities .
The photographs are more real , I think , than the ones that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put the pictures together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention three basic rules that we have to follow to make the reality come out .
As you can see , these pictures are not that special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that pictures together have to be identical .
Secondly , the images that make up have the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with a personal image , without a bias .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
By comparing colors , concentration and light across boundaries of different photographs , by adding the information of the photo , such as density , by mixing colors and auguring the digital noise , we are bringing in various pictures and turning it into a single image , despite the fact that a photograph can have hundreds of thousands .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all sorts of places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
By embracing this idea , I knew I had a few months to prepare , I found several different details of this photo .
For example , this fish was shot in fish fisheries .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
Most of the gray matter is made in the rock .
And one of the things I &apos;ll do is I &apos;ll rotate the house a little bit so it would look a little bit more spatial .
To really get the outcome , everything is about planning .
I &apos;m always starting from ecstasy , from idea .
And I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well designed .
And if you &apos;re a good photographer , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : William , hi .
It &apos;s been realized that Wikipedia , your little girl , has been publishing more classified documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media in the world are doing so terribly bad that a small group of activists can share more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world .
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make false papers ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet to cover backs , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium to use legal protection .
We get information in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets , we get it in our pockets ,
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never known .
JA : That &apos;s right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any vaccine , then we might as well dismiss it .
( Sound clip ) Sound familiar .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , it &apos;s asking what the code of the TMJ collection is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was done a few years ago by you .
If we can see this path ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karoline .
This was a secret interview , followed by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
Just in 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Asoccer for 18 years .
She was a daughter of mine in Kenya .
And when Kleiber went through power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to kill Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds on a conversation that was going on .
And then the government stopped it , and as a political solution , Moi used it , which was the wealthiest person , and still the richest person in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of quantum journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of September .
When we spoke that conversation , it was three days after we spoke that a new president , Kleiber , decided to remind the man that he came out with , Daniel Ashraf Moi , and this man , he introduced himself to the project of Kleiber .
GA : And in a nutshell , Kenya &apos;s talk about content was not about content , it was about content , it was about content , and you think it was really about the effects of choice .
JA : There you go . And this is the head page of Google , and then it was printed in all the countries around Kenya , in the Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , in a couple of days , became the case that the gentleman of Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed 10 percent based on a genetic interview , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world dramatically ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airport accident .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong newspaper ; I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer said that they were in their house .
I look at your object , well , there &apos;s about four computers , boom , boy ...
Man is free . All right . Screw .
I &apos;m told when they shut me down . Get ready .
Stop .
Well , yeah , yeah .
( Gunshot ) Get ready . Get ready . ( Gunshot ) Get ready .
Then — dotcom jack , puppets .
We need to move now .
Well , we also embraced peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I asked them .
Two and a half , this is the Knife , and we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
Chef : Whoa ! All right , there we go . I beat them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
We ended up emailing two bottles of Bond to study that story in a more detailed way .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 spirits die in that condition , yes , that seems to be coming from two Ruters .
JA : There you go . Two rollers , two little boys dropped .
Over 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exposure has become a source of complete frustration .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see huge disagreements of power .
Here you see guys walking around on the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter cantilevering object in the air , and there &apos;s a 30-millimeter cantilevering object spraying on everybody , all sorts of wounds to do this , and killing people in the orchestra .
And there were two journalists there who were just not that easy , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : So I want to say that the U.S. research analysis , Broadly Manning , who &apos;s been consulting , and it turns out that he &apos;s actually consulting this video , and also telling you about 280,000 classified U.S. intelligence agencies .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we announced we got telephones like this .
He was recruited about five days ago to get 150,000 telephones and cover 50 .
We announced a telephone from the U.S. Department of Reconciliation earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits I knew .
CA : If you got the Department of Digital Affairs in the U.S.
JA : We were going to hook them up . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : There we go . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show what the actual state of the art is , the actual violations of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the remote controls , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more broadly about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why chasing secret information is right ?
JA : Well the question is , in the world , what information is important , what kind of information can be transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When organizations spend an economic life cycle hiding information , it &apos;s a very good sign that when that information comes out , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that know best about it , who know best about it , who know it , spend a lot of time hiding it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a win for people involved or , really , for the vast majority of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our materials , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have policies of uncertainty .
We have a special way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with discoveries that tell us the basics are good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what would you say , for example , to a parent who serves the bribe in the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve exposed something that somebody has a specific license .
It shows a soldier in the United States — laughing , killing people .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence for millions of people around the world that the U.S. militaries are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot about that .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perceptions don &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people perceive and think about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to light what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret for yourself to navigate around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Viking Licks &apos; album .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an exclusive alternative .
If they appear to be a difficult situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to continue our blindness , not to hide it .
CA : I &apos;d actually like to know , based only on our listening — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Juliet .
You know , a hero , a hero of wildfire who brings this important light .
Incredible .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous crowd , Julian , delicious .
You have to try a little bit . You show them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re going to do it .
That is , it &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is late , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests happened in Albania , like the Mexican Embassy , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of randomness , which said that , in fact , security workers from some of the businesses , many of the businesses that were involved were actually there to fight them .
And that some of the algorithmic government had to do with it , etc . , etc .
And there was nothing written on the top , so it was a very difficult paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit relieved , thinking , well maybe some company from scratch is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it seems right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what &apos;s the matter ?
Can you show that you have a legal right to do that ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this questionnaire where the man &apos;s name was written in the Patriot Ward .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods of copying any material , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re going through a lot of crafts and crafts .
So the top of our papers in the last couple of months has become a payoff , because we &apos;re restoring the systems because of social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
Anyway , like any new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of familiar with our growth , and that means that we &apos;re getting a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , basically a reporter and a magazine article ?
JA : Yes , and trustworthy people .
That is , we are a society which is difficult to grow very rapidly , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we need to repair that so that you have people who engage in higher national security and afterwards with lower security .
CA : Let &apos;s get a sense of who you are and how this work started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents worked on film , and then they dropped out of the bathroom , so the two warriors ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is the component of paranoid development .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age , you were also faced with power and early power .
JA : Well , I was a reporter .
You know , I used to be a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a kid , I followed it .
To do that , you have to be emotional with words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by the red math industry to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as pleasant as it was .
CA : Now , yeah , I &apos;m not sure you &apos;re buying one of your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts , but what about your main values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed the pigs .
And that &apos;s one thing that comes from my father and other assumptions , from older people who have lived in my life .
CA : In general , do people who grow up to want to eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , so therefore , food is not my kind of thing , but another way — there &apos;s a different way of feeding chefs , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressed in Iceland , and then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , it &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank account was among the top 10 times its economy .
Anyway , we released this call last year to July .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it was released , and as in the movie , the report appeared on the news table , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website all the time as a videotape , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And the community was so present that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Iceland and other international legal professionals and created a new set of legislation for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was accepted by the Icelandic priest .
CA : There you go .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should we all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure the situation is going to advance .
So there &apos;s a huge amount of controversy between the U.S. and China and the United States .
What &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only by a little effort that we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that the audience is kind of speaking up , saying , Julian , was sensitive and strong and dear to you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is God .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I introduced this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting books and stories with 17 interesting polls of cities .
But I will concentrate on demand .
There are many stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal instinct is very clearly focused on the screen , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artworks displays .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to fulfill the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you some interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you &apos;re just going to go to GoogleArtProject.com .
You can see all of these pieces here .
Here &apos;s the Sufi club , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Renaissance and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite subway in New York City .
There are two bars to stay with . It &apos;s very cold .
Get up here and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in love , you can fall in love .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the mouth up and down .
You enter , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead . Move ahead . Move ahead .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best one yet .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite paintings , the Pete Brigger collectors at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wall gave us those pictures , you can stick on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve used in our field of cognitive technology .
So these pictures , for example , if I don &apos;t get it wrong , it &apos;s about 10 billion missiles .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can zoom in .
And you can see some interesting things in the picture .
This guy comes out , his face is awkward .
But then you want to get a closer picture .
And I started researching this , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; And I looked at the picture and I realized that these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I talked to a couple of my cousins at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called a chocolate game , where kids dress up in a log cabin on a Friday night .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in the front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
Well let &apos;s go back to modern art gallery again in New York .
So here &apos;s one of my favorite pieces , the night from December , the example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to see the edges of the fish ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did it ?
We kind of mix up the images as though we &apos;re in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture .
Now , on the other hand , I like to show you a very nice opportunity .
There are many different things , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really wonderful opportunity . It &apos;s called cooking .
Each one of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
It &apos;s very ugly , you know , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Birth &quot; &quot; — you can change the scale of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the National Guard .
You can write magazines and send them to your friends and conversations about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as a conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from the bathroom .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing paintings .
It &apos;s been my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re properly putting art on the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the experience of going to bathrooms ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write fiction , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . In my talk , you &apos;re going to go through a few circles .
I was born in Seasburgh , French family .
A while later , my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mom .
At that moment , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , Azerbaijan , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The ratio surrounding us was filled with several families where fathers controlled the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a separate environment .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a global , time-consuming woman .
And my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but more spiritual , less educated , and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to buy a sanitary pad and get horrible images from a molten mouse without eyes .
A lot of them would go to my grandmother with heavy gunfights , people or chips .
Every time my grandmother would find some words in Arabic , she would take a red pen and she would squeeze it with the strings of the rope as much as she wanted to pull out of the skin .
And then , one more thing he did was he put it in a garbage bag .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk to you about this in the audience of scientists , but the truth is that all of the people who were struggling with my grandmother &apos;s medical problems , I haven &apos;t seen the struggle to go anywhere .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of revenue ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , it does help . But you also need to know about the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , unless I &apos;ve learned a lot of lessons , I &apos;ve come to a very angry class , which is that if you want to disrupt anything in your life , whether it &apos;s abstract , whether it &apos;s abstract , whether it &apos;s a human spirit , you &apos;ve got to surround it with
And I &apos;m going to dive in .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yeah , all of us .
We &apos;re all born in a family , a certain liberty and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the world around us , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our youth would be gone . Our hearts would be gone . Our humanity would be gone if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our relatives , our friends , our family members , all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our fantasies .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants on a piece of paper , or they cover the wall , to get the paintings off the side .
It &apos;s an ancient martial tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time in the future .
Through the agenda , people who live in communities are at greatest risk in the globalizing world over time .
And this is happening all over the world : the liberals and conservatives and the hunter-gatherers and the loans , the rich and poor , in the East and the Army .
We &apos;re going to build buildings that are based on the appearance , and then we &apos;re going to decipher people from other stars .
I think the only way you can win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the exposure to our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can lavish other fields , even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And one day my mother came home and asked me if I wanted to have a fancy law ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly concerned about my mental statement .
I was always telling stories at home , which was great , but I was telling my daughter &apos;s friends , which was really bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful minds and asking for insights when I was discussing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was living my life in a terrible way , and the last thing I wanted to write about was about me .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become my whole life &apos;s meaning of writing stories .
The reaction to me personally was more self-organizing than translating to other lives , but possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to claim a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a circle and come back to it a little bit later .
Go ahead and buy my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I moved from this little , snobbish , middle school , where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful MASE school where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; The Extraordinary representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of various different forces , and yet this diversity did not result in colonoscopies , equal citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a metaphor where every child was viewed not as individual but as representative of a large thing .
We were a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to human freedom or faith .
This kid , or this kid , used to be a serious business and crime .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was enjoying this school , there was a war crime in my country , and there was very little left by a man who represented my freedom , and During the European Union , Turkey was together .
( Laughter ) I used to wake up in classes that day and dream of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I didn &apos;t see called &quot; &quot; The Extreme . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how many symmetries I had on a daily basis because they thought all the boxes were wrong on the planet , and they were surprised that from birth I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three declarations of my country : politics , civics and the spirit .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Apache again .
I always felt that my existence was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories struck me to be focused , sustainability and consequence , and these were three things that I always felt .
When I was 60 , I moved to Samuel , a farm that I run .
I lived in many , many , many environments where I wrote some of my papers .
I was in Timbul when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , I saw a scene that just blew my mind .
We had a local priest — a young man who never sold a shoe from a soul and never spoke to the public domain .
She was sitting next to a translator who had long and a half thousand coats hanging underneath her father &apos;s wedding .
I saw that man reaching out to the grain bin and surrounded himself with these pictures of the Gulf earthquake until now in my memory , the conservation grandeur and the transistor lying on the floor .
Death and destruction add up to our national differences and we all become one , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildlife and coming out at night and starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe who we &apos;ve been to .
Shortly after this , I started joining women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not an agent , not an agent , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; So with language , I get an opportunity to rebuild myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I feel a lot of connection with two languages .
For me , the English , like the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through and through and through and through and through .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , to make better actions , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed because there &apos;s a great deal of thought and language .
And that tension is terrifying .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : Satisfaction is very fragile .
At that time , my grandmother , who had been following my life , grew up imposing insecurity in her lungs , that I would soon marry , so that I would be able to go somewhere and keep going .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going to a place , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Timbul , I &apos;ve begun to translate life in Arizona and in Timbul . These two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been chocolate , physically or mentally .
The stories always bring me together , keeping all my pieces and memories together , acting like an ecstatic smell .
As much as I love stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic : &quot; if &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; is more like a story than a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together about this .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting view by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what that meant .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one figure , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at the University of Boston were pretty common to me that the characters of English were much more than the targets , but I understood what was looking for my president .
And I also realized I was going to keep puzzling .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
He was looking for a woman in the book because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread and revisit .
There are many authors who feel that pressure , but the non-Arab dictionaries feel that more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the world of death as I am , then you expect that you &apos;re writing stories about death women , and you &apos;re choosing hard to tell stories about death women .
Because they expect you to write messages and growth and typical stories and circle around with your Egyptian friends .
What I felt when I was a kid in high school is now in the physical world .
People don &apos;t view themselves as being an independent creative person , but they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese writers , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
All of us are waiting to have something special , if not charity .
In one of the interviews of James Baldwin in 1984 , a number of interviews asked me about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a gay author , Bloody went over and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing wrong with me that other than me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to emphasize us , it puts our liberty at risk .
There is a subject called multicultural literacy , where all the letters from the outside world are put together .
I will never forget my first multicultural process 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three letters — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in infants , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or in the same bookstore .
We had collected our characters .
Many cultural boys are expected to write real stories , not very confusing .
The sequence is restored .
In this way , not just for the books , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Awesome .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped from giving a speech to my favorite characters in the court .
They were waiting for me to write about structural , multilateral , family vacations with women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story mattered a lot when I was trapped .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for post-conflict conflict .
Sometimes my desire to bring both sides is to remind me that this is just a bonus .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to stop my work .
I want to love and enrich the reaction to the nature of its being , rather than what it comes from .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics every day .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the correct question are all different things .
And it &apos;s only by the end of the day that the letter is accountable . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority shakes us . The statement is united .
One is about intimate experiences .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of self-hood seems to be built by faint sons .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Oregon , there were subtle stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to eat boxes , storytellers , often wrapping those stories out .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice by reimagining that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even the soldiers , the murders , not the media .
The narratives were spreading beyond borders — things like Hawaii Neanderthals , which were spreading very widely across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to push back limits .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator has now read the books of the High Line , and vice versa , combined and accepted the story .
Science brings us down .
If it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books protected the intricate , ugly girl , like I used to .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader — from Sami Theresa , the first thing he did was he put Rumi &apos;s books on the water , watching the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t lead you to is greater than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural ethos is not consistent with knowledge . We know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t lead us to be remote and separate .
There &apos;s a relationship that I love very much : life is like a side show .
The leg of the leg is continuous ; it &apos;s located in one place .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
One is surrounded by all the hydrocarbons in Starbucl , and the other one is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my response is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the cloud of Tokyo , which has been the cloud of Ocean for over 400 years .
Little by little , there &apos;s a place called Jane &apos;s defense .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This is a very exciting insight .
We tend to be suspicious about things like things that happen .
We view it as evidence of supernatural things like water , which is like torture and defusion .
But more than that , the authors and the writers feel the need .
When I &apos;m creating , I blame predictability and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen 10 pages later .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I might write a story about a woman who was dying of media , and I might end up with a very happy story , and I might write another book about a gay Japanese journalist .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama bin Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m living . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literacy these days is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not exactly the right way to start .
Spatial literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or how we know .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study others .
After all , stories are like the perpetrators who write circuits with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of itself , it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to finish my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for every life , whether we love it and love it , no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m designers .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
So far from the reality that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together trying to solve the problem of autism .
It &apos;s not going to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more collaborative and fragile .
And as a result , we build longer social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is funny . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But , of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Just before video games were happening , we had skin bars .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
This is truly amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Horadox , the paper decided that we needed to play a final game .
We want to visualize classrooms , and then we bring people into the classroom to get the tools .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive data on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , world and enhancement .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea that can travel the way for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my own experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my arm , I put five panels on the right .
And I started my journey in terms of my wine .
And in the process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that more effective , more exciting and good lives are needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to go up the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , the battle has become the enemy of morality .
I was having lunch with a guy who was drunk for just four hours last night .
What else would I say — though I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were going for five hours , this coat might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coat hanger to show your own gain .
Especially here in Washington , if anyone invited a speaker and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; Eight is clear , but nothing , I &apos;m going to get a speaker ready to play , I &apos;m going to do two songs and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and effective , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit , until it fits with the Titanic .
And we had too much fun with our tents .
I feel like , if Leymah &apos;s brothers were to govern Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , my sister would probably notice the trick , because he would go from 7.5 to 8 hours to watch the entire picture .
Now we &apos;ve come a long way in which there are many journeys around the world : the things that are useful for us as individuals , the things that are more joyful , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers and help the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us , and open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about potential .
I first discovered this common material 14 years ago , wanting that evolution had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create a stable , scalable , scalable building block in equivalent to sculptures in different cities around the world .
I was the most amazing person to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied collaboration or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after the college was over seven schools , and everybody was upset .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I got invited to visit India with the Fulbright project .
By creating artist portraits , I set up the inside , and I ended up in Matthiopia .
The day of construction was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for crime .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
I came out to the corner and I started to see how the fishes connected and designed the nets .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized it in a different way , as a new way of creating a canopy , as a way of creating a canopy without a massive amount of material .
The first chapter that surprised me was a gathering of these guys .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Light Horse . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To photograph , we uploaded the network on its shelves .
What I discovered is that desirable plants are evolving all over the place by creating images that are completely changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , along with Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved getting the details that I was getting , but I wanted to make more bigger things , to transform the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something that you can lose .
Back in India , after the fishermen working there , we built a network of tens of a million and a half links , which , in a short period of time , was presented in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw this . One of them was a researcher named Mowgli Solar Maralis who transformed the tragedy of the Portugal city of Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I don &apos;t know if I can do that by maintaining my art .
Women , with engineering solutions , thought — those properties were in the context of the materials with the standard method of eternity .
I spent two years researching details that would detect sulfates , sulfates , toxins in the sun , and pollution in the atmosphere and methane , but at the same time remaining so sweet that they were burning from noise .
We need something that keeps the network at the center of the cathedral .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton wall .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the pendulum would move from the belly to the belly to the bone .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a pilgrimage designer of aviation who designed projects for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepper .
He helped me solve two big problems : provide the right shape and movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this happen in my own way , because business people didn &apos;t know America .
So I connected with a garden-manufacturer , and I went to the battlefield and discovered how valuable it was .
There was no language of programming that transform manufacturing by the machine .
We had to create like this .
Three years later , after having two children , the network was 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that transformation nothing had been lost .
( Applause ) It was an obvious and innocent glimpse .
Now it was a perceptual space .
She &apos;s in the studio for the first time .
As I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself at the bottom of the airplane and at the same time being connected to an unfamiliar country .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these islands in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate two new directions to my work .
This is the civic mayor of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit of water from the particles that are contaminated with the water , and we also found that , in the process , people can also interact with this material and go in without any stimulation .
I use this classic material to visualize the tracking of metropolitan areas , at the moment of the process , as if the range of the system of the urban surrounding the city .
The next challenge we had in Denver was to visit the U.S. and the U.S. , and they asked me if I could visualize the relationship between the West and the 35 West Bank countries .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
I found out about the earthquake and the harmony that had occurred in China recently , and the whole Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tactile chairs of the Earth , speeding up the planet &apos;s motion and literally doubling the surface of the superconductor .
I joined NOAA , asking for the tumor data , and I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was expanding .
I couldn &apos;t make it into a wall star in my own way .
Very complex structure .
I replaced the mathematical property with a garbage bag , a brown bag , 15 times a wall .
It would now become fully dry , and it would become so dry that buildings could become part of the fabric of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network pattern and pattern was going on .
So we had to create this .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to combine the idea of associating Thomas Sugar or Hollywood .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build classrooms that reach the top of the ground .
Although many cities are still not funding , I dream of taking these ranks where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional things and interesting ways .
Now I put them together with technology and engineering techniques to create materials , clothing , shapes that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got a phone call from one of my financial friends .
In law school , he was never interested in art , he didn &apos;t even go to the local art department , and now he was able to take out the building and say , &quot; &quot; Put yourself underneath the floor .
These people who were dressed up in the concrete slums were now slaughtered by their strangers , watching the creativity , the shape-shifting images and analyzing the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal line .
After sexual abuse , we are utterly hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two of them are completely separate from each other .
Stop . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , in terms of energy , flow with all of our sensitive systems at the same time , is revealed in this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the present self , and how it can sense and hear .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right sharing consciousness .
And right now we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
The one on my left is another thing .
Our left-hand column is thought of as a model and a metaphor .
And the one on the left is thinking about language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
