Until about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And although this is somewhere printing , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this : this is a blog that was written earlier this year by Dr. Milley , who was a reporter for science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and his friends that they would write like this , and after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here , I die , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked myself that when my body finally died of cancer cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and this activity website would become passive . &quot; &quot; Because Millel was a journalist , his brain was probably better written and more sensitive , but in fact , all of us are creating a machine that is completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited by a creator .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Right now , every minute there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube .
200 million numbers every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they do is they make some pictures and some economic videos , or a pattern that builds something in a box .
And today we &apos;re all creating this wonderful , wealthy digital curve that will last forever , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
To make it simpler , I &apos;m a journalist and not a technologist , and now I want to give you a sense of what the present and the future is like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be in our business with profiles and social media accounts after our death .
One of them , I found myself quite famous when I was in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Barry .
Murray : Is it ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who speaks ?
Death : Assemble idifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : A little bit scary , isn &apos;t it ?
That service allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a space for your loved ones , a place for exhibition , with videos , with photographs and stories that can be stored after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
By understanding the capacity of cars to understand the human language and build huge advances in the data , it &apos;s going to become possible to analyze a lifetime of presence , numbers , photographs , blogs — that we create in so many ways .
I think in a moment , our digital personalities can continue to communicate with the real world much later on in our death thanks to the full content that we create , and thanks to technology , the ability to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter accounts , all you write to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to write next .
Right now , as you can see , results can be generous .
You can imagine what this would look like : five , 10 , 20 years later , the improvement of our technology skills .
Moving forward , Massachusetts &apos; media lab is working on robots that can communicate like humans .
But what if those robots could be communicated to the characteristics of a particular person based on the content of hundreds of thousands of pieces that humans create in their lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the elections in 2008 , when the CNN contacted a group of smugglers at random I.M. in their studio to interview Anders Cooper .
What if we could use the presence of our loved ones by projecting in our rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is completely possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using on our side and the opportunities for technology to understand them in a rapid way .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d like to say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for a definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in art technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment to pay attention ...
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this area — I &apos;ll stop it , let &apos;s leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
All right . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what happened to her .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the outlets .
And this is happening in our daily lives .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something worldwide , something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious issues associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
A 5.25 square-foot driver wearing Brain A &apos;s . This is the first picture of a computer .
When we keep running the encoding , the puppet corresponds , and here it is : 0600 KO78RUS . The doodle corresponds to the bottom half of the code .
As a sign . It doesn &apos;t work any way .
Try to understand meaning .
As a result , I started Googling .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia .
Court code : You can find this in some phone networks , cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to the State Senate .
And after several studies , we finally found this WEB-site . This guy , the Red guy , worked for years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journalnal , and in this blog he writes about his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend — and he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is in charge .
The Mercedes-Benz S666 volunteers , more than 400 volunteers . In Santa Barbara , this is a homemade car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had a stroke .
At the center of Santa Barbara .
She &apos;d rented another car , and she &apos;d published her blog .
Here &apos;s Mercedes — there &apos;s Lady Samartha , who &apos;s kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice of the United States .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if it were , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime is over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What happens if the crime is over ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t go so well .
In the majority of the cases , it &apos;s not even the case .
We don &apos;t know where the crime is coming from .
Very often it &apos;s raw . Text police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not going to be enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
What made it all ? That &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmably programmable , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , small boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
Not a creator , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located and they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually dominated by one of these things , and if Stuxnet catches one of them .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , mathematical factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
Work . We &apos;re in exile .
From the Internet , like electricity from the ground up , obviously we depend on computers . And it really creates .
A whole new problem for us .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , if even the computers will . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So preparation assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , that things aren &apos;t there . In fact , sustainability is incredibly important .
Think about conservation , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason , I &apos;m the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s because of cybercrime .
We have problems . It &apos;s just consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life defending the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we &apos;re going to lose everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need more generosity , international .
We &apos;re going to law enforcement agencies to detect network crimes — these organized groups that are feeding millions on reports — and this is more important than propaganda .
Creating programs or Internet connectivity .
It &apos;s about identifying the people standing there , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to introduce you first to this , but it only takes you two minutes to change your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the topics that occur during the intersection , the untouchable patterns , the worldwide patterns , or the occasional tendency to make eye contact , all the way down to simple hands .
One : They &apos;re approaching the pilot .
Even in Be-Bi and New York Times .
And the point is that when we think about non-verbal values or movements , we call them non-verbal psychologists , we think about non-verbal language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interconnection .
There are enough principles to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
Sometimes we can make false beliefs and make false beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life , such as taking human labor , or breaking down , or taking time .
For example , one researcher at the University of Taptz found that when people watch a 30-second period of time , when they watch a physician and a patient &apos;s real interaction , their doctor &apos;s heart rate goes away from their judgment to the doctor , which is , no .
So they have to be smart , right ?
Our ideas , our feelings and our organizations are on the ground .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychopath . I study prejudices , and I teach at a high-tech business school , and it was inevitable that I had to start caring about power dynamics .
I was particularly fascinated by the unfulfilling concerns of power and superpower .
How do you think that gender is a force and a magnetic pull , not a repulsion mechanism ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger , gets bigger .
It &apos;s about doing more space .
Jessica Trees has studied this observation that is known as pride and discovery .
Hands up , hands down , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
This is what it looks like to be a powerful and empowering meeting .
When we stand in a position of empowerment and self-confidence , we , independently of our shame , will be destroyed .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements in the audience , and I &apos;ve noticed that business leaders really do .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others stay in , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be seen by men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for business management , because value is so restricted to participation .
Business schools have been struggling to get this gene out .
And I started to wonder , for example , that college adopts these people who participate in class .
There are some questions to suggest , yes .
For example , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to cheat — player is bathed with toothbrush — we become a little bit more happy .
It works on both sides . That &apos;s how it works .
The second question that interests us is : do we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can we change the body &apos;s behavior ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So why are the forces and the lights different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are usually more sensitive , more self-confident and better .
They really think that they &apos;re going to go outside , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
It actually depends on how we respond to stress .
Would I like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who reacts to stress ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least in principle , and that change in the behavior can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , indelible change .
Here &apos;s another couple .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the skeletons of humans .
You shut it down .
And I jumped into the ballroom .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes and this is what happens .
And here &apos;s what happened with cortisol .
It turns out that our body language decides not just about the environment , but about ourselves .
In addition , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think that &apos;s how you can use that opportunity when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is this .
Then the experts saw four videos .
They have no concept of the hypothesis or the test conditions .
The emotions of compassion were important during that conversation .
The only thing that mattered was how people presented themselves .
And that also helped the decision of the conductor .
I give them the pleasure to shape as long as everything gets there .
In response , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on an airplane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always considered smart and talented .
I was removed from school , and I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to finish college .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do it . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to college for five years .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape until everything happens .
She had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about that before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Keep that for as long as it hasn &apos;t become a part of you .
Last I want to add .
Small changes can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
This is how you should do it . You should focus your ideas .
Use your level of testosterone , decrease the cortex .
Let me give you a sense of what you think your capabilities have been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest challenge .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terminal Nature , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest challenges ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people are excluded from clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of synesthesia .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this chart is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that in terms of economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all that , then we really have to ask ourselves , which problem solves first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read quickly : climate change , preventable diseases , conflict , education , financial lack , governance and corruption , privatization of nature , climate change , water and social behavior .
We think that symbols represent some of the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in June of Davos .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have central problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to fix it , right ?
What matters is not the overwhelming nature of the problem , but the overwhelming nature of the solution of the problem .
Then you get , of course , more complicated .
Climate change needs to be solved by the response of Citol .
Diarrheal diseases should be solved by the network of hospitals and mosquitoes .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in just 30 seconds — I know this is an impossibility — to write down what you think about headlines .
And also — and this is where economic inequality is — notice that things should not be done first .
What should be the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , some that are the least extreme .
Now the astonishing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d love to — I &apos;ve been given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a large part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;ve done .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have this discussion going on , so I ask you to think , how do we actually define translation ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t there been a show like that ?
And one of the reasons is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization wanted to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more symptoms that the first one is completely understood that we don &apos;t want to create a demonstration like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we never organize a basis on all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have supernovae in any decision at all , and of course we continue to differentiate the progress from a second , but it certainly is difficult to do better than if we actually did in the decision of supernovae and followed it and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you one big room , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you asked the question , but you didn &apos;t know what was going on .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pipeline , right ?
They want to know everything .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copenhagen conference is trying to determine the genome of these problems .
And that &apos;s what Copenhagen did .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , each in three corners .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Similarly with infectious diseases .
Three of the world &apos;s leading experts say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What should we do about it , and what will the outcome be ?
And so on .
And eight of the best economists in the world , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Rebel Metropolitan economics .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their creation , in essence , was a manifestation of generosity .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two fights against , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They estimate it .
They &apos;re doing the crazy work in a way that tells us which one to do and which to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can also see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there &apos;s bad projects , meaning that projects where investment per dollar makes less money .
There &apos;s an average , a good , very good program .
And of course , we need to start right here from the very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the spectrum .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to it later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreements with your indicators .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization going on .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do with this question is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re essentially showing us the average marker of the macroeconomic model , which is the Citi Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It runs twice the rate of developing the Third World for developing countries every year .
However , it &apos;s a very small user base .
All of the models , including global warming , will be 2100 , only six years .
So a boy in Bangladesh who stands before the threat of 2100 can wait until 2106 .
It &apos;s a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated that by half of that money , about 75 billion dollars per year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can make sure everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , sanitary pad with a basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very positive ?
Or perhaps in the middle of that money to do something incredibly good .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs — meaning that I &apos;m not going to take all of you out there — for example , infectious diseases , primary health services — despite getting a little higher in this wish , simply because , yes , healthcare is too important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , it gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the best projects , there are lots of scenarios and water projects going forward .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure spending .
Here , I want to show you the four categories that should be addressing the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — the battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Currently , it can make up even a percentage of the country &apos;s GDP .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that they need to solve , and of course , in the short run , the global warming problem .
The third leadership is free .
A common model , if we can get to the freeway and specifically reduce the overpopulation in the United States and the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a staggering figure for half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually pull two , three hundred million people out of poverty very quickly , within about two to five years .
That would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very valuable tools to solve the food problem , particularly in the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population is made up of cotton , silk , zinc and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It can be the second best investment we can make .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do this and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , the second is treatment .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing a good job , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And treatment is far too expensive than prevention .
So this basically shows us that we can do a lot more with incorporating prevention programs .
With the money we spend , we can do good x-rays , heal and 10 times better , predicting .
And again , we &apos;d better focus on prevention as well as treatment .
It really forces us to think about our assumptions .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you ready to build it ?
Or have you come to the desire here ?
Of course , one of the problems is climate change again .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think that this was a primary solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just because it &apos;s a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on some of the issues , they &apos;re the right issues .
So problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of the founders of our dream team , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years later , while we &apos;re talking about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they &apos;ll be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money in a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Shelley says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re going to be resilient , say a rich Chinese , or a whole wizard , or a Congolese restaurant , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s odd that they &apos;ve helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they haven &apos;t really taken care of my grandmother or the Japanese , who could have helped
If it doesn &apos;t match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course , you &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie because I don &apos;t want to see it anymore , but I don &apos;t expect Amira to choose the Brad Pitt for his next film in Tanzania to try and smile and do something like that . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not just the movie .
That &apos;s why , in many ways , I think , the whole debate about Copenhagen and Government is framing awesome problems .
So we can understand that this is not about feeling good .
And not to make the wisdom at the center of the media &apos;s attention , but to create the foundation to make better action .
The next thing that I think is very important to mention is that somewhere , or we offer somewhere , somewhere .
Of course , we should do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In the 1970s , the developing countries decided that we needed to spend twice as much on the developing world as it did in the 1970s .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not as if we &apos;re on the verge of solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Buck about this , it would be very good .
But the fundamental idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we all want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go back and think about the best generations .
I &apos;m just a quick example . Do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up splendidly getting old , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have delicate worldview .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two ways : they need to learn English and speak English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly step outside of the polling stations , and do so , and offer their own instructions .
And the most interesting thing was that the evidence was the same : first of all , there were problems of depression and disease and climate change at the end .
We did the same over and over again .
A lot of other ceramics came together and a lot of students came along .
They basically met with the same show .
And that really stuck with me , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to bring more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
To write the right path for the world , how do we start to think about political heritage ?
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that costs us a lot of money , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do some really powerful projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good outcomes , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these superficiencies , but we have to be honest to say that if there are things that
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope this will help us better define transcendence and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with my friend in Providencia , Red Illinand to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and partners , so we decided to take a route that went through the local vernacular and through national jurisdiction , and in short order , we chose the longest possible route .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that took me over 3,000 kilometers .
What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ?
My friend is looking at me .
In the first place , the dog sitting perfectly understands it .
( Laughter ) I keep saying , &quot; &quot; Well you know , all the signals that we see that the Chinese heroglyphs portray . &quot; &quot; He kept looking at me for a few seconds , and then he started laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There it is , the famous Chinese character for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this : Why are we sometimes misinterpreting the signals around us and how we do when it happens , and what does that tell us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I am the driver of this strange career , but actually I have a huge advantage : the exclusion of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to think outside of thinking about being wrong , or at least not to think about it as being wrong .
We &apos;re very good at it visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the hum approaches me right now , all of the assumptions that I have here in the present time are theoretically wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine anything that I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live in the present time .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go for elections , we vote for present time .
In fact , we all live our lives in a little bubble of our own rights .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are imprisoned in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that problematic ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the greatest , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our sense of authority ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust me . Very bad .
Shake . Okay , great .
Sorry , bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one more question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel it and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid Chinese heroin mistake .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis film where a short video game always continues , but never gets to a rock .
In virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the sculptor is running away from the bird , and the bird is running away from the field , which is normal , because he &apos;s a bird and he can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And this is what &apos;s funny , but when you &apos;re six years old , the staff doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps running until the moment he looks down and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , she &apos;s walking around .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t quite figured it out , we &apos;re kind of like that joke when he &apos;s running in the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything is fine .
But I have to actually tell you a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the constructive reason , is that we have to stay within the consensus of our own rights .
I call it the false joy .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any signals at the bottom that will tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why it forces us to always be in the right position , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is divided into the test tube , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you definitely know how to organize the child who wrote that surveillance work .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are mistakes and mistakes are mistakes , and the second is that the capacity to achieve success in life is greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , play the notion that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , supervisor .
Right ? I always say , head-tail-head , athletic , archaeological .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all leaders , athletes and moron fighters .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that mistakes mean something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , goodness and hope .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman &apos;s surgery .
She gets disappointed , the surgeon does his job , puts the cards on and sends the patient to her room , cleaning .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And her wrong side is because the surgeon has surgered her left leg , instead .
When the hospital director gave a talk about the event , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our belief that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
Being authentic is the belief that we all have frequently , that trustworthiness is not about what &apos;s going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we open up the possibility that we can get it wrong , and then we make devices like , for example , the size of Mexico , more than 750 million clean oil spills or the depletion of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel the right thing .
That means that your beliefs fully eradicate reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way by making a series of hypothetical assumptions .
First of all , when someone shows up their disagreement , we simply assume that she is unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and connect to the number of colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the whole picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make it wrong for their immediate goals .
So this is terrible .
Our commitment to being right causes mistakes to prevent us from when it is necessary for us to do what makes us so terrible .
But for me , the most extraordinary and the most extraordinary thing about it is that it loses the full meaning of being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are like a retina window , and we &apos;re looking out of that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everyone to look out of the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it does , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world the way it is .
But you see the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this , and this .
And yes , because of that , we &apos;re also wrong .
Thousands of years ago , Derek said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
He realized that our ability to make mistakes is not something intangible in the human system ; it &apos;s not something we can destroy or lose .
It fundamentally narrows us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all the other creatures , we try to find the answer to that by molecule .
I think the pursuit of that molecule is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot about the communication of this American Life called American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Grace who is communicating that message .
I suggested to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every single aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ira Grace says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our readers , they give us those stories .
We love unexpected change in medicine , disruptive circumstances and horrible consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something happens , but instead something else happens .
George Burke thought he was going to go to Iraq , find a devastating race , release people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt throughout his whole life , before he or she would become very old or diseased and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put them together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing a very compelling book about something that everybody was putting together for a small group of people that never would have been organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to find our misery .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and development and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , all these innovation , all these implementation and improvement ?
Because half of all , all the wonderful things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , ooh .
( Laughter ) Actually , they didn &apos;t work that way . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another concert .
This conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times before , is about magic .
And I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of privacy , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the persistence , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990s , a guy named El-Sheikh Noshi , met a guy in Manhattan and murdered the leader of Liberia Method , the Prime Minister of Liberia .
NASA initially agreed to kill immediately , but at the same time spending time on small metals , he and other people started planning attitudes on dozens of New York City sites , including the tsunamis and synagogues and the U.S.
Fortunately , those plans were fed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Coast didn &apos;t resist .
Niger eventually was sentenced to intervention .
El-Switzerland is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in 1983 with his Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and a teacher who was trying to make a happy childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even a few Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same thing in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so thermorally connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to make others live like them .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the first day of the event , he and his friends went to London for a specific purpose .
She told me that the other morning I went with them .
We got to the site of Calcutta , which was largely ignored by the GDP of our group .
When my hero reported , my father helped me keep the invitation to my son and explain how to treat the doctor for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last impulse , my little light on the top of the track , and to my surprise , everyone , especially myself , was broke .
My brother looked at another man , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Your boss is evil . &quot; &quot; Like my father , like his son .
They all laughed at that punch , but only a few years later I totally realized what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father accepted .
That guy , finally , was going to launch a $ 1,500 laptop in the Soviet Union subway station on the World East Coast , which killed six people and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people I called marriages , which meant obesity .
Before I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
Being constantly a new face of the classroom , I always became an athlete for hands .
I hired myself a teenager so that I wouldn &apos;t be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new kid was more teenager in the class .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
Because of all this , I had a strong social skill , and growing up in a global family , I wasn &apos;t prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by short-term measures such as human race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group &apos;s attention was on young violence , and spending most of my life as a struggle to win , which was something that I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
At the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I interacted with was a gift .
It took me several days before that fact arrived , and I realized that there was no natural connection between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and unfortunately , I felt proud that I could win the choir that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another surveillance feature came when I found a summer job at the Buck Grigins in the fun industry .
There , I was welcomed by people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a role in the development of my nature .
I was taught that comparison was a man , and more generally , every dollar had an exceptional effect .
This summer enabled me to work with the money staff during the shop , and I quickly realized that many of them are the most ridiculous , the least committed people I &apos;ve ever met .
By bringing a handcuffed child to me , it was generated in me about the suffering of others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat a lot of the people in my middle as I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to confront myself as a young girl with a real experience and an interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my power .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be mentally honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with human nature .
He had a long time to model it for me when I needed it .
Transparency can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a comic strike has more positive impacts on my world than my own parenting father did not lose .
One day , I talked to my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
She looked at me with a kind of spiritual eye , and she had someone who had sufficient depression throughout her life , and she said , &quot; You know what ? &quot;
That &apos;s when I realized how much expensive energy it takes to keep the whole thing going .
Jazeera is not my real name .
I changed it when my family finally decided to give back my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that someday , someone who is committed to using violence can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by that violence , the inevitable ideology , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do that for the hearts of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible suffering and loss that terrorism has brought to them in their lives .
For the sake of empathy , I &apos;m going to speak to you about these irrelevant activities and share with you my fathers &apos; actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow the father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The persistence is what they learn .
It matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they want it .
I want to know how they can hope for water abundance to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to our ecosystem in ways that can be restored .
It allows us to enjoy the benefits that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic systems , and it accepts our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and encourage it .
It &apos;s a more humane and more effective way to understand our environment .
The drug traffickers , which are the traditional means for many , are very common in terms of saving the world , are highly common .
Green , yellow and red , for all kinds of crops .
Communication is very easy , go to the chicken , stay away from the chicken , think before going to the chicken .
But I think it &apos;s not enough to eat just the green plate .
We can &apos;t make this progress if we measure the success of it by changing the type of behavior that is involved in the blue and the red .
But what if we were to eat just the vegetables ?
This is a map of a kind of thunnus albatross , unthreatened .
A card with a mask and not a random one .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s also good for local economies .
But that &apos;s a big deal , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Am I a 450 gigabyte fan ?
Am I doing it three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My conclusion is that we need to have a spectrum , a spectrum of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , the antioxidants and the minerals are helpful to the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to break so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me that I have a problem ?
Adults , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost a sense of scale when it comes to food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we hide that value under the algae .
We hide that value by embracing otherwise the acceptance of otherness .
And we hide that value under the income of vitro .
So the point of restoration is that it matters what we need .
The most prolific article could be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Goodwill , but by Gold Green Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new cake .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that a broccoli can be considered a new blue .
We &apos;ve got to keep eating the best fish if we &apos;re all eating it .
But we have to eat it with lots of meat .
Perhaps the best part of the narrative is that it comes in half with a beer , a beer Tobias and a pixel .
It &apos;s a 142-gram pipe filled with a Dijon bag and a crane filled with hot glue and quinoa filled with hot glue and colorful broccoli , a little bit cooler and a little bit cooler and a little bit of dust with a Japanese carpet .
Ooh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the wonderful thing is that all of these components are accessible to all the families in Wallmart .
Jamie Oliver is fighting to save America from the way we currently eat .
Silicon fights to save the oceans in the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about civilian suffering . We need to fear Iraq .
We dismissed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produce by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a mess , but beauty is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There &apos;s been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Wuters systematically lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shortage of food that incarcerates the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s made of green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to put inattention into our mouth .
There &apos;s an environmentally frightening pediatrician .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade that was designed to eat the pristine environment .
That &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we reduce public policies , media policies tend to increase popular use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
It &apos;s a song I don &apos;t want to get away from .
But it &apos;s not just about propaganda .
It &apos;s about how we look at our waters .
As a quick rehearsal , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to lower emissions .
One or two things will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating their food and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of diet .
They became healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach was delivered to every aspect , but it was simultaneously demonstrated in the form of the human win .
The other thing we did was that we started multiplying various types of representatives — little Japanese sandwich , nanoparticles , rubber , syringe .
The headquarters , the media , the policemen , the committees , the Taliban , were the common sorts of psychopaths .
We manage to lead the algae to more flavor , more flavor , more repair .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will says .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big snipers , those kind of models , the kind of green wish that I talked about earlier .
Okay , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the fish . Take the fish four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four apples out of the marshmallow and then open up the best bar in Bangladesh , the five apples and the tune .
Give us the chance to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and maybe twice a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest .
My fortunate father was a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier what he had to eat .
I remember eating as a child .
They included a white suit and a large suit and a small number of biscuits and a small number of biscuits , usually with a fish .
Until today , I tend to eat just like this .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start shaking .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
It &apos;s terrible .
But the most terrifying thing that you &apos;ll hear about and that you &apos;ve heard about the condition of our oceans , I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that perhaps the biggest challenge is to tell you that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in the food .
For artificial happiness , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short , slow and attractive things that I don &apos;t think I can do .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come from birth in front of my personal story .
And for the community , we start from the very beginning .
It &apos;s not possible that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about how that effect works and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than the presence of our resources , it &apos;s also the globalization of the world that we call process .
So if we all take what we need , we &apos;ll start sharing the rest , we &apos;ll start screaming , we &apos;ll rebuild .
We need to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how I became part of HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my introduction singer , Singer .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 foundation for Nelson Mandela , and this is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS epidemic .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Manhattan when Robbie was incarcerated .
Here I am with Baby Jesus Ford , one of the most devastating moments of my life .
The following day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to meet in Mandela , where he was going to pass the computer over the World Mile , standing beside his old battalion shows .
Here you see the wall played here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Madeira found the world &apos;s member that there &apos;s a real disaster in her country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this developing country , and that the shot of the shoes leads to more vulnerable groups — women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the epidemic of HIV / AIDS had a direct effect on women .
So when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need to serve my purpose . &quot; &quot; So in the following year , I went through every 464 organization that I had to be present to , and I looked at Mamluk Mamluk Mausoleum , and I looked at Mamluk Mamum soldiers , and I looked at the toughest ones , and I realized that as a musician I &apos;ve ever acquired to speak to all of Manila
Everybody in the world is borrowing from Nelson Mandela , everybody in the world is borrowing from Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I now go out and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;ll just bump .
I was very , very fortunate two years later to meet State Agency , who is the founder of Treatment Action Campaign , an unbelievable part of the campaign .
I met him at one of the 4664 campaigns .
He was wearing this kind of square bag that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , because this landscape is kind of a mess of mess , I &apos;m wearing it , and I &apos;m saying , yeah , we can talk about this issue .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a member . I went to Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing organization .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV epidemics .
They show enormous aid to the people who live on the verge of slavery .
They have education programs .
They face issues associated with ambiguity .
What you &apos;ve done is really quite brutal .
And yes , my Singer programmer supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to highlight the prevalence of HIV / AIDS and raise money for recent years .
The vast majority of the finance that I &apos;ve been able to get immediately went to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work that they &apos;re doing , and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa today .
So this is my Swing campaign .
I &apos;m essentially three or four wonderful people in the Seng campaign who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am in Osorio , Norway , getting a grant of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I had the opportunity to play basically a white , average African audience with white hats who eventually started to get exhausted , because I &apos;m using my own movies that really reflect on the heart of this devastating conclusion and the essence of it , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re inspired and they really don &apos;t know what the solutions are .
Arthur Melolean , the healthcare Prime Minister , was also present in this system , and I was able to meet him , and he suddenly got himself involved in making change in that area that was so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I went to Scotland to be the victim of the IMF .
I showed them my own experience , and I was again trying to increase the level of injustice to HIV .
Here &apos;s Ms. Edinburgh with the wonderful African children at the National Congress that I just love .
And just like many of these children , they are already HIV positive because their parents are infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidwave , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to be a UNAIDS advocate for HIV .
And that &apos;s exactly how I encourage speaking to my students to expand my photographic boundaries .
The fact that UNAIDS currently tries to make the world heard is that we want to effectively eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby in 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty common goal , but we believe that it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is completely possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we are struggling , and we are both very confident , because we are very confident that this young woman is being treated and therefore is able to revive her life so that she can care about the child who is going to bring the light world .
And her baby will get AIDS from the mother , preventing the maternal child transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of viruses in the very beginning of life .
And this is exactly what we need to do with AIDS epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell her story to everyone , because she &apos;s one of the millions of children that have been eradicated because of HIV / AIDS .
Ella &apos;s mother was infected with HIV ; she died of AIDS .
Avelil was also infected ; he was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she had already seen marks of anti-AIDS drugs , and she was suffering from diarrhea .
We met her in one of the clinics in East Capitol , and we had a whole hour after her , just a sick baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They made special food for a girl who was following and saving her marvelous .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know — because we took a picture of her story — whether she would win this .
So it &apos;s obvious that it was a very emotional meeting that left us with immediate memories , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that has happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This view of disability is actually for hospital doctors and nurses who have been inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to have food and effective health care , and you believe in the United States of America in particular the developing countries of the United States , in particular the fifth and fifth , which all governments of the world need to be inspired by — East Africa , can you please ?
I think it will be true if I tell you that almost everybody in the room has stopped .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go a step forward from reality , and it allows us to do what science is going to be like at the dawn of biology .
As a biomimicry growth , I &apos;m combining the space of compassion and science to make you feel the future of technology for yourself .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the school , and the world you see comes together in information : places , scores , buildings , maybe even one day in the street with the names of your fellow passengers .
This is my mental workshop .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a smaller .
When you look through the roof , you &apos;re actually slapping the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys . We need toys .
So let &apos;s point out that next time we see it , we know .
Very good . Very important .
Let &apos;s put it in the middle section somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The recording is ready . The recording is ready .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different indicators : love , green , cold and cold .
Places are among the top managers who are being interviewed differently .
Now , some people think four symbols represent four symbols a year .
Here &apos;s a horse , a milk , a milk and a — Voice : My favorite meaning is a silver . MT : Yeah .
Death is like magic . It &apos;s like heating when heat becomes ice , water becomes ice , and then everything goes away .
Each note has 13 pieces . ( Music ) Voice : Every single score represents 13 pieces of light .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the processing , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Losynn is one of the most powerful actors of compassion .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun shining through the night and the grassland conversion .
Voice : Mark , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that a toy score with 52 tickets , as it turns out it &apos;s 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay for all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep it quiet please . ( Clicks metronome ) Voice : Come on , don &apos;t be real anymore .
MT : By the way , my birthday was sixth birthday , I got my first birthday present , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world : praise with the boys and girls and the boys and the women and the husbands and the grandmothers and even the chief and the chief — ( Applause ) All right . Who is that ? MT : Yeah , that &apos;s what
Thank you .
Jocus : Hey , MT . Are you ready for your show ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joctor : I &apos;m putting up my watch .
MT : Goodbye . Goodbye . Hey , hey , hey . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? What should it be ?
Of course not . The ballroom needs 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean literally 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Twenty-seven is a little bit of a mischief , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people will say growth is a non-zero-sum player . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say , no , no .
More correctly , in German , it sounds like &quot; &quot; No , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Resolution is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a smart player who shares the cards with the money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? That &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s about 416 to one .
MT : Yeah , but it seems to me that my players are better . It &apos;s possible to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I &apos;m going to stay close to the last and most important playground in terms of poetry .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not vital — yes , no . Voice : The card is discovered .
Tweeting MTT . This is , of course , real .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-day challenge .
This is part of the challenge every day of making the photo .
I was never that uncomfortable .
It &apos;s terrible .
In fact , they &apos;re fun .
( Applause )
I was a good at school . My students were big , and I was lucky to be in the life of the welfare and the welfare state of the street .
When I was younger , I was actually very tough , unsafe and totally afraid of people who were afraid of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , by the end of the semester , I was going to go out and I was singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility was there too .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started to hear that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then a third person reproducing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even after a while , it was kind of funny and exhilarating , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own unrepresented feelings .
So for example , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing , being able to hide my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A series of analytical processes began : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I was sure that something wasn &apos;t real .
I first told the doctor at the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre paper .
For example , I was a student on television , and the news was coming online at the university , and at a meeting with a psychiatrist , a long time later , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I need to go .
That &apos;s when things started to evolve .
From the beginning of the patient , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all was that it blew me away with a sense of hopelessness and awareness of myself and my telephone .
But being committed to perceiving that sound is not an experience , but as a symphony , fear is more powerful than reflecting it .
This was at that time , essentially , representing the kind of relationship that I had with my own mind — the kind of spiritual political war — and this caused the majority of the sounds that were coming into being commonplace and being consumed .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , fear , despair , uncertainty and uncertainty began , and this was a struggle in which I felt helpless and unable to support peace and awareness in a way .
Two years later , the test was deterministic .
Until now I had a whole repertoire of work : terrible sounds , unstupid movies , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until somebody else had saved it .
A cutting-edge man started that journey , but the person who came to me had saved and ended up becoming the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I helped .
I know Eleanor would beat his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is lying there , but the month is coming at the end . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four minutes is not enough to count all the good and wise people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that miscarriage alone .
It was very difficult to believe in it at the beginning , because the sounds were so abstract and so consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn the metaphorical meaning of learning that I used to write literally true .
For example , the sounds that were murdered on my house , I learned to dismiss myself as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , sitting in a closet one night in my parents &apos; living room trying to protect them against the sounds that I really believed .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; Do one final thing . &quot;
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
And knowing this , I recently assembled some of my surrounded heroes with a voice that was expressed in every well expressed , and I was repeatedly psychotherapy in every medicine , just this time from a different perspective .
Now , I &apos;m very proud of Indra , as part of the international organizational movement of the sounds of the people listening to the sounds — a company that had his idea from Professor Marisa Rome and Dr. Sandro Escher , who believed that listening to sounds in the case of survival , in the case of conventional rehabilitation , in the case of conventional rehabilitation ,
This kind of equilibrium is not only possible , but it is its way of developing .
In Buddhism , if there is social change , then it becomes possible .
I can &apos;t pretend to be a proud person .
I can &apos;t press those who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has established 26 countries in five markets , where together they count dignity , unification and rights , the ability to spread people with mental disorders in order to create new languages and hope that unites trust and power empowers individuals .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a piece of craftsmanship that is required to treat with the basic ability of treatment and this basic ability to utilize the mind .
In this way , there is no greater privilege for the society than to make it easier for the treatment of the patient — to be honest , to provide help , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are victims . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful physician told me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what somebody else said about you .
You wonder about you . Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my images .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photographs .
I became interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer back at 15 years old .
It was mixed up with my earlier interest to paint , but it was a little bit different , because in the photographic paper , the process is in more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a battery , the procedure is over when you shake the button .
And for me , photography means being in the right place at the right time .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you shake the button .
Here are pictures like this : traffic jam sessions .
But there is an unexpected circle .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both dust and colors , but they all have a common goal of keeping a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-real .
Because , of course , you can &apos;t actually draw images like this , but I always want them to look like this , as if it were possible somehow to film them .
Photography is a time to think about a little bit in order to discover the possibility .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to detail or is the color the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we visualize the world and how we can call it reality at a scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take pieces of reality and connect them together to make it an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But by being connected in a different way , they can create something else that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re treating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a bunch of different realities .
Photography becomes more real , and I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in the process of synthesizing images , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve the reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not so unique .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is , synthesizers need to have the same pictures .
Secondly , synchronizing images need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to the two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s possible not to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images , making them without interference .
You have to discover any idea about making images .
By matching the color , the focus and the light between the boundaries of different images , by adding photographs , such as the depth , by adding color and magnifying the digital noise , we are covering the differences between different images and making it a single image , even though a single image can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of images from different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of shame , I knew I had months to prepare to get a bunch of different pieces of this photo .
For example , this fish was shown in fishing .
The lights are taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of George was shot in the rock .
And one more thing , I drove home , and I drove a little red to make it look more compassionate .
Really , it &apos;s about planning .
I always start with Essex , with ideas .
And I start collecting different pictures .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julia , a brave man .
It turns out that WikiLeaks , your little kid , has been publishing more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Asante : Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the rest of the world &apos;s media are doing so bad that a small group of activists are able to release more of that kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined ?
CA : How does it work ?
How do people line up documents ?
And how do you secure them ?
JA : So these are , as we can tell , classical discovers , and we have a number of ways for them to get information to us .
And we only use the highest secret of the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover backgrounds , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Bulgaria to use legal protection .
We gather information , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , sometimes it &apos;s a very difficult battle when you talk about a huge amount of information , we post intelligence , and then we protect ourselves from unexpected legal and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it . And if we find it in a vacuum , then we probably miss it very quickly .
( Video ) Narrator : The wind blows .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , you ask what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago with you .
If we can see this path ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carol Season .
This was a secret inquiry , followed by the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
Before 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Marshall , about 18 years ago .
She was a lean in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to get Kenya to clean up from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds on a jumping ship .
And then the government turned it down , and as a political solution , Mao Tse-Tung , who was the worst man in Kenya , and is now the worst man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic literature .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the elections — the national elections , the 28th of December .
When we published that conference , it was three days after we published that a new president , Kibera , decided to interact with the man who came out to meet Daniel Arthur Mao , and this meeting openly became President of Kiribati .
CA : And in short order , the conversation about compassion was not about the content , it was about the content , it was about the content , it wasn &apos;t about the content , it was about the content , and you think it was really about the effects of the content .
JA : There it is . And this is what Guardian headlines looked like , and then it was published in all the countries around Kenya , in the monuments of Tanzania and South Africa .
And that &apos;s how it came about .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason why the Millennium in Kenya spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , where the vote was 10 percent based on a genetic research vote , which changed the outcome of choice .
CA : So , did anyone actually change the world ?
JA : Good .
( Applause ) CA : So now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is a powerful knife , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer gives them a round of applause .
I see your object , well , there are about four columns , mmm , mmm ...
That guy &apos;s free . That &apos;s good . Shake .
I was told when they were sleeping . Look at me .
Period .
Well , no , no .
( Gunshot ) Shake . Shake . ( Gunshot ) Shake .
Hurricane — buzz z , buzz , buzz , buzz .
We have to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve also entered peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Zynga , this is Kyoto West , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , yeah . What happened ?
Go home , Khmer . Okay , here we go . I pop them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : The people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two hearts back to Baidu to find out more detailed stories .
This is just the first of three commandments that happened there .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , right ? That seems to be the work of two Reuters as well .
JA : Now , from the work of two Roters , two little children were injured .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And that turned out to be the cause of widespread terror .
What was the real reason for anger , you know ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see huge disagreements in power .
Here you see guys walking upright on the street , and there &apos;s a 30 millimeter cantilevered path in the air , and they &apos;re all jumping around , all kinds of jewelry to do it , and killing the strangers .
And there were two journalists there who were just not alone , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brandley Manning , who &apos;s a consultant , and it turns out that speaking of this video , he &apos;s also convinced 280,000 classified U.S. censorship calls .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , we encouraged that we got these calls .
She was recruited about five days ago , getting 150,000 telephones and reporting 50 .
We announced a phone from the U.S. Department of Defense in the first year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The point is that I was from a well-known interviewer .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , thousands of telecommunications ...
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the art of governments , the real disruption of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what materials look like .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more broadly about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information in the world important , what kind of information can be transformed ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies spend money on information , it &apos;s a very good indication that when they deliver that information , there &apos;s hope that it will do a good thing , because the companies that know it best , who know it best , who spend money on it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment , and that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that true of individuals or authenticity , for the vast majority of society , that cheating can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : Because of our commodities , we haven &apos;t seen anything like this yet .
That is , we have policies of harm reduction .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your physician — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that make the foundations good .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what you would say , for example , is a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you published something that somebody specifically had a jury .
It shows a soldier in the United States — funny , dead people .
It leaves the presumption that there are about a billion people around the world who are soldiers of the United States as human beings .
Actually , it isn &apos;t . My son isn &apos;t . How do you feel ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear a lot about it .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day . They see it .
So it doesn &apos;t change their minds . Their perception doesn &apos;t change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s perception and the way they think about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to light up what you think companies and governments are smart secrets .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t there any way to find the fact that in order to photograph you have to make yourself a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikelics .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a tough situation for us , but we assume that people are morally inclined to maintain our sanctity instead of destroying it .
CA : I would actually like to — based on just our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in recognizing the thought of TEDsters .
You know , it could be two types of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , a hero , a Democrat , who brings this important light .
A risk-averse .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s dangerous ?
JA : Well done . A few .
CA : That &apos;s a gorgeous crowd , gorilla , delicious crowd .
You have to try a little bit . Let &apos;s show them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a tour , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of storms took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a message , an engineering analysis of the accident , which said that actually , the security services employees at some point in time actually had veterans come in and fight them .
And that part of the Albanian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything on the top , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that perhaps some company from scratch was trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The powder looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the powder . ( Laughter ) She said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the powder . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
More specifically , what are the documents ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to do that ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the guy &apos;s name was written in the Wall Street Journal .
Here we go .
( Applause ) That &apos;s what happens all the time .
This is one of our methods , for example , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from inside of the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of hard work and engineering efforts .
That &apos;s why our media landscape has become less polarized over the last couple of months , because we &apos;re reclaiming our systems because of the overall social interest that we have .
That &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization grows , we &apos;re kind of caught up with our growth , and that means we get a huge amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to organize and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the basic chapter , basically , for reporters and — is there a radar screening ?
JA : Now , and trustworthy people .
So we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and that &apos;s why we need to reform the people who are going to be dealing with the highest security materials in the country and then have lower security .
CA : Go and get a sense of yourself and how this thing started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that the case ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were washing off the washing machine , so the two buttons ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say it &apos;s a bonus development component .
JA : Why the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , you were also old with the power and the power of early adoption .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I went for it .
That &apos;s why you have to feel different words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts for rice math .
So it &apos;s not as common as it was at the time .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re buying a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you harvest us in some way and maybe some way in your life that helps us define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about meditation .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs , they feed the pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and another acceptance of older people who have lived in my life .
CA : And by the way , what kind of people in the world did they want to produce ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a warrior , so food is not my thing , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s another way to train dogs , and that &apos;s to control crime .
And it &apos;s something that has been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : Quick last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then you had local media service saying the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your presentation .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . And then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial hub .
For every country , it was hardly connected .
Her bank sector was the president of the rest of her economy in the GDP .
Anyway , we released this message to Holly last year .
And National television was forced to prevent it five minutes before it was released . As in the movie , controversy appeared on the news table , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead , we just showed the website all the time as a canvas , and we became very popular in Iceland , and we went to Iceland and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this was never going to happen , and as a result , with some political factors in Iceland and other international law enforcement experts working on a new kind of law enforcement for Iceland to become an official monopoly for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Swedish country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was accepted by the Islamic State Department .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Brother will take us more , will it be more secret , will we be following the Great Leap Forward , or should they all be deciding ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure that &apos;s the case for progress .
So there &apos;s a massive pressure for the legislation of freedom of speech in the United States , between China and the United States .
What &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because we can move it around with just a little bit of effort .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , by saying , Julian , feeling and power and suffering .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I introduced this idea to my leader who is involved in prisoners and art , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about some very interesting advertisements and stories with nine interesting polymers in the city .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I got a wonderful education , I &apos;m not alone , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artwork .
And when I began traveling and going to the gyre , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible new statistics .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you some interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just went to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of those corridors there .
Here &apos;s the wall of Woffrey , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Richard and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis .
There are two ways to stay with me : It &apos;s very expensive .
Please join me here and there you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico . It doesn &apos;t matter .
You can burst into heat , smoke .
Do you want to circulate ?
Open the hardware project and bring it in .
You type in , and you have to go to the end of the intersection .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Listen .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite pictures , the Pete Brigger collectors in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the candle gave us that picture , you can stick on it .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve used in our field of cognitive technology .
So this image , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things in the picture .
This boy is coming out , and his face is balanced .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started researching it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I approached the image and I noticed these kids doing something .
So I did a little research , and I spoke to some of my cousins in Matty , and I found out that this is a game called chocolate , where kids drink a chicken on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now as we get closer , we get to the cloud .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they got .
Here &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still before , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite features , the night of God , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at swarms ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this chapter ?
We kind of mix up the images as if we were in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I say about this picture , and I &apos;m going to really get to the babies .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this picture before .
Now let me show you a very lovely opportunity on the other side of me .
There are many different things in there , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really wonderful opportunity ; it &apos;s called security .
Each of you , every one of you , whether you &apos;re rich or poor , has a big home or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
Very quickly , you think , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to magnify the image , you can change the size of the image .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian image .
You can organize documents and send your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an exception , the biggest thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
It was my test .
My hope is that in this digital world , we are briefly present artistic work online .
And the most important question that constantly gives me is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the experiment of visiting the bathroom ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It just makes you want to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you some stories about the art of reaction and some of the supernatural creatures that are called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I &apos;m also going to use the geometric body , the circle . In my talk , you &apos;re going to have several circles .
I was born in Stockholm , France .
After a while my parents separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Arizona , it was a little bit of an extraordinary land .
Our surroundings were full of families where fathers were taking control of their families , so I grew up watching my mom in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good education , a worldwide , modern , valuable woman .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual , but with more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to walk into the bush and get some absolutely gorgeous pictures of the mother , without the eyes .
Many of them would come to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds and pullers on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would take a red donkey and drink it with the maggots as much gray as they would like to take out of the skin .
And then , one night , he &apos;d be in a starfish farm .
A week later , the patient came to the table .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about this in the audience of scientists , but the truth is that all of the people who faced my grandmother had a mathematical problem did not see that there was no way to go .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of revenge ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the promise helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; Grandma , apart from many lessons that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve learned a very narrow lesson , which is that if you want to eradicate anything in your life , whether it &apos;s prosthetic , paper , human spirit , you have to surround it with walls .
And it will square from the inside .
Now we all live in a circle of social and culture .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born in a family , and we have a nation and a class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the ugly world , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our hearts would shrink . Our humanity would shrink if we were long gone from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our relatives , our colleagues , our family members — all of us , if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does , like women in Turkey , is they cover the elephant in a latrine , or they cover the wall in a way to get the paintings off the side .
It &apos;s an ancient Hawaiian habit based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time fighting .
Through the documentation , people who live in communities are at greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening everywhere — favelas and conservatives , communists and beliefs , in the rich and poor world , in the East and the West .
We &apos;re trying to build stars that are based on nature and then we &apos;re trying to decipher people who represent other planets .
I think the only thing to win is these cultural titles that I think are through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t push the limits , but they can push the limits on our mental walls .
And here , through those discoveries , we can leverage other fields and even combine what we see .
I started writing at eight years old .
My mom came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Do you want to have a law ?
When I look back , I think he was remarkably concerned about my mental statement .
I was constantly telling stories of the house , which was always a good thing , but I was telling my innocent friends what was always bad .
I was a child myself , speaking to colorful athletes and asking for insights when I was speaking to them , so my mother thought I would be good for me if I was writing my book , my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible detail , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about people around me and things that had never happened .
And that &apos;s what I &apos;ve spent my whole life writing stories .
Anatomically , the reaction to me was self-organizing , rather than translating from travel to life , to opportunities .
I &apos;m going to suggest you &apos;re going to call it a little bit . I &apos;m going to draw a circle and I &apos;m going to stop that a little bit later .
Let &apos;s go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I moved from this little , hateful , medium-sized ratio , where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful Middle school where I was just kidding .
Here I first came across the concept of &quot; &quot; Extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were taught various nations , and yet this diversity did not correspond to colonialism , equal citizenship .
Conversely , it created a metaphor where every child was seen not as individual , but as representative of a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exclusive moments that happened with people who were reliable or trustworthy .
This kid or this kid would often become an infinite goal and become a victim of war .
And I knew it very well , because at the time that I enjoyed that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man who described it to me as a nation — there was a little left to the murderers of Room Pop and the Turkey fell together during the European Union .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming an oil .
That &apos;s where I first felt the cultural explosion .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called &quot; &quot; The Extreme of the Sevening . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how I spent my days as a sergeant because they thought all sailors were the flaws of the Earth , and they were amazed that from age I had to start branching my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria of my country : politics , civic and headquarters .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany and AKA again .
Another time I felt that my sustainability was the only thing I could move with me .
The stories kept me focused , sustainability and success , and these were three things that I always felt needed .
When I was about 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , a town I support .
I lived in many , many environments where I wrote some of my poems .
I was at Starbucl when the earthquake happened in 1999 .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , the eye had developed a vision that caught me off .
We had a local pride , an elderly man who never sells smoke from the soul , never spoke to anxiety .
She was sitting next to a translator who had been casting for a long and half-century mark , and the arteries of the arteries were hanging underneath her feet .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich , and he was surprised by one of the photographs of the Greek earthquake until now in my memory , the conservative soul and the passenger translator sitting on the table .
Death and destruction allow both our country &apos;s differences and we &apos;re all united , even if it lasts a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have such an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same thing as the earthquake , but in good reading , we leave our little , wealthy wildlife behind , and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and begin to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or perhaps meant to be alone .
A little bit later , I started a women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more not a world change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , not a mystic , not a cartoon . &quot; &quot; And she asked me , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; Based on language , I was able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional for me , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical for me .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living constantly and horizontally .
Because as a beginning , we always want to say more , to make better accidents , to say better things , but it turns out that we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a large chain between mind and speech .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a mustache .
This is what I found in Boston : Satisfaction is very exhausting .
At that time , my grandmother , who was following my life , began to incorporate a growing insecurity into her toilets so that I could get married soon so that I could trust one place , and I would always trust her .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is also from Starbucl , I started to translate life in Arizona and in Starbucl . These two places in the world are very different from one another .
I think half of me have always been coached , physically or psychologically .
Stories are always leading to me , keeping all my parts and memories together , and they act like an existential choir .
As much as I &apos;m concerned with serious stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think that they lose their magic , if , when , as history sees more than a story .
I &apos;d like you all to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting insight by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one figure , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the events of the Beijing were happening at the University of Boston , it was normal for me that English foreign figures should be more than the targets , but I understood what he was looking for .
And I also realized that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my self-worth .
In the book , he was looking for a woman who was looking for a piece of paper because it was me .
We often talk about how storytellers change the world , but we also have to see how self-organizing politics affects how storytelling travels and goes back .
A lot of boys feel this pressure , but the non-Archaeological boys feel this more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you assume that you are writing stories about deadly women and that you are choosing stories about difficult death stories .
You &apos;re waiting for your writing information , your bones and your typical stories , and you &apos;re waiting for your interactive and dangerous colleagues .
What I experienced when I was a kid in Mahatma &apos;s school is now in the physical world .
The Greeks don &apos;t view themselves as an independent creator , they view themselves as representatives of their culture : some Chinese authors , some Turkey , some NGOs .
We all expect to have something special , if not defined .
In one of 1984 &apos;s interviews , James Baldine asked a lot of questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to remind me of the fact that she was a Gay writer , Bloody went to talk to him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . There &apos;s nothing in me that is different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it puts our free will .
There &apos;s a subtle category called multicultural literacy , where all the boys from the marine world are put together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural advance 10 years ago at Harvard .
We were three guys — one from Philippines , I was from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the informal , you know .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art form or in the same book .
We were brought together by our individuals .
Many cultural authors are waiting for them to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is reported .
In this way , not just for the boys , but also for the perpetrators to become the most important representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abrahamic .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped in front of the courtroom to answer the words of my deceased masters .
They were waiting for me to write about a constructive , multilayered egg and a bunch of family members of women &apos;s eyes .
My story also mattered when I was asked .
Some criticized me for writing about post-traumatic stress disorder .
Sometimes my desire to bring both sides reminded me that it &apos;s just a form of propaganda .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to eradicate my work .
I want to love and magnify the reaction to the essence of it , but not what it will get .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are many good political views at this point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics any day .
Chuck said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different .
And it &apos;s only the last time that the female has accountability . &quot; &quot; The politics of authenticity breaks down . The statement is unified .
One is about understanding .
The other one is the details .
One builds boundaries .
And the other one doesn &apos;t know the boundaries .
The politics of identity seems to be built by green lights .
And the reaction is like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were these so-called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to eat coffee shows , storytellers , often violating these stories .
For every new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even chocolate , the dead , not the dead .
The stories flew by borders , like Hawaiian Nashadays , which were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Stories today continue to cover borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading Korean books , and vice versa , combining and taking the story together .
It brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , then it &apos;s a bad literature .
The books saved the girl as I used to be .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of photojournalism .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rome met his spiritual leader , Sami Terrix , the first thing he did was he sat down Rumi &apos;s books looking at the water as the words go into the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you greater ignorance than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not in the quest of knowledge , we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us greater and greater separation .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side show .
The leg of the hippocampus is constantly embedded in a place .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
Part is surrounded by public goods all over the world , and the other part is traveling around the world , connecting with their other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the cloud of Turkey , which has been the cloud of Osama bin for over 400 years .
In Paris , a little bit of the lovely ones , there &apos;s a place called the Jane Proposition .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually we are unreliably placed on things like incentives , things like that .
We view them as evidence of large-scale objects like water , which is kind of like powder and defeats despair .
But more of the evidence for this kind of evidence is that writers and writers feel more about it .
When I &apos;m creating , I &apos;m encouraging disruption and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my partners when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably writing about a deadly woman , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story . The other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in paradigm .
But why is it that in the creative literature classes today , the first thing that teaches students is to write about what you know ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not all the right way to go .
The continuous literature will not depend on who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and explore others .
After all , stories are like dancers who set their bridges .
They unite all humanity , regardless of the self . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for every one of us to love and love , man , the country ain &apos;t no one left . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the playing world .
So far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on Azeroth &apos;s practical problem .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fairer .
And as a result , we build older social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before the telegraph of the game , we had chopsticks .
People fought . People fought .
This is really amazing .
Howard Heroes , 18 years later , he decided that he needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine teaching profits , and then provide people with the teaching value to access them .
We made this game in 2007 .
This is a remarkable story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic view , we have positive data on increasing skills such as environmental recognition , comprehension of knowledge , sustainability , globalization and enhancement .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , can be driven by the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
As a result of my pregnancy experience , I felt the wine of my sister .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five pairs in my right eye .
And I started my own personal journey to relate to the wine .
And along the way , I learned a lot : I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that more effective , more stimulated and happy lives are required to live .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , his legacy has become a legacy of morality .
I was having lunch with a boy last night , which was thought to be great for just four hours .
What else did I say ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were drinking for five hours , this would be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of warning for your own good .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a visit to the prime minister and said , &quot; &quot; Can we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; Well chances are , &quot; &quot; 8 is already clear , but nowhere else , I &apos;m going to get a red donor to play , I &apos;m going to have two confirmations and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and efficient ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And so much has happened with our Tunisians .
I feel that if the Leymah Bank manages the Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this , because she &apos;d been seven or eight hours away from sleep and you &apos;d see the full picture .
Now we have a lot of travel time in the world , and what &apos;s helpful to our individual , what &apos;s more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , is going to help our careers and help the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us : open your motivators and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about potential worse .
14 years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for years it had the same use .
Today I use that material to create the highest quality of sustainable , accessible buildings in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I got a tutor in seven schools , and everybody was upset .
I chose to become a painter , and I painted 10 years ago when I was asked to visit India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I incorporated the displays , and I hired myself a moratorium .
The day of the show was coming , and my inbox wasn &apos;t there .
He had to do something .
The nuclear village was famous for rape .
So I tried making potassium nitrate .
But making great work was difficult and expensive .
I came out to the bowl and started to see how fishermen connect and design a lot .
Every day I &apos;d seen it , but this time I realized a different approach to making a stainless steel case as a way of getting the perfect material .
And the first thing that really bothered me was the introduction of these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Limit Control . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So in order to photograph , we uploaded the Web to layers .
What we found was that durable flexible surfaces springing up all the way to create constantly changing images .
I was excited .
I continued to research and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous peoples .
I loved the details that I got , but I wanted to make bigger things , to transform the scale of the object that you see into something that you can lose .
I went back to India after fishermen working there , and we set up a network of firms — a million and a half lines — in short order to give the show to Middle .
Hundreds of people saw it . One of them was an anthropologist named Maniel Slo-Morallas , who renewed the fragmentation of Port-au-Prince .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by keeping my art .
With sustainable , architectural solutions , those properties were in conflict with the concrete grain of matter .
I spent two years looking for details that would result in solar electromagnetic waves , air conditioning and meteorites , but at the same time remain as smooth as smoking waves .
We needed something that was at the center of the network .
So we drilled 20 tons of steel in the air .
We had to deal with the engineering to get the patient to go from the mouth to the drawing board to the drawing board .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found this incredible Italian artist who was designing tools for the American Portrait Gallery — his name is Peter Hapfield .
He helped me solve two superpowers : provide the right shape and the right shape .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this in my own way , because the fireman had never known America .
So I hooked up with a garden-manufacturing factory , and I handed out their battlefield , and I figured out how hard it was to wash it .
There was no programming language that transformed the production of the machinery by that traditional handwriter .
We had to create something like this .
Three years later , after two children were diagnosed with a network of 10 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that interaction , nothing had been lost .
( Applause ) This was an obvious and inevitable spectrum .
Now it was a sensible place .
Think about it for the first time .
Before I was watching the game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to an unknown country .
My life would no longer be the same .
I want to create these windows in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce you to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scaffolding had to be more tangible than the web .
So we tried to get a new piece of water that was dissolved , a new piece of water that turned into powder , and we also found in the trial that people could also interact with this material and go through without hesitating .
And I use this metropolitan material to illustrate the logistics of the retrospective railroads at the time of the process , as if the retrospective image of the retrospective system of the city .
The next challenge was to visit Jesus and the American Empire in Denver , and they asked me if I could imagine 35 Western Ivory Coast countries and connecting them with a canvas .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I read about the earthquake and the seminar that happened in Chile recently , which analyzed the whole Pacific Ocean .
It mobilized the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the planet &apos;s surface and literally doubled the gravitational pull of the Earth .
I hooked up with NOAA , and I asked them to give me the tunneling data and convert it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microsecond that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it on a windmill like I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a cloth , a cloth that was 15 times cloth .
It &apos;s going to become fully dry and fully dry , and it &apos;s going to be a part of the city &apos;s living room .
There was no computer program that thought that complicated networks would interpret patterns and model patterns .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call from New York , and they asked me to come up with this idea of associating Thomas Skerry or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the top of the nation .
Although many cities still don &apos;t have money , I dream of taking these beds where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional things and entertainment .
Now I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering projects to create materials , components , ways that reach the top of buildings .
My creative spirits go up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d been able to pull out of the building and say , let &apos;s put a pair of underneath the bed .
Those people in the Pantanic police department were now confronted by their strangers , by their strangers , by the way , by looking at creation , by looking at wonder , by looking at wonder .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual intimacy , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human being , you know that these two synapses are completely separate from each other .
Hello . Thank you . This was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses simultaneously , is embedded in this gigantic region that has the present self , and the current state of mind and cognition and how you can feel and listen .
I am an energy related to all the energy around me through my right-wing wisdom .
And right now , we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re perfect , and we &apos;re beautiful .
My left-hand corner , our left-hand corner , is something else .
Our left-hand corner thinks the box is linear and metaphor .
And our left-hand corner is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
