By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people will actively use social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound consequences , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what made me think about — this was a blog created by Dr. Miller at the beginning of this year — that he was a reporter of science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and that they would come after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here I am , and this is the last entry of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died of cancer , my family and friends reported this message that I wrote , and this activity site became passive . &quot; &quot; Because Milo was a journalist , his brain was probably better written and more consciously organized , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating a whole new set of things that were already made of the parts that were already out of the play .
Let &apos;s take a moment to statistics .
Today , every minute YouTube videos are uploaded to 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user generates 90 pieces of content a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , at best they &apos;ll be made up of some photographs and economic videos , or an algorithm that builds something .
And we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital file that will stay intact for many , many years after we die .
I think it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a journalist and not a technologist , and I want to briefly illustrate what the present and the future looks like .
Now we already know some utilities that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with wireless profiles and social media accounts after we die .
One of them , quite frankly , found me when I was mentioning Foursquare , that I was at a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
MW : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who talks ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little bit shocking , isn &apos;t it ?
That service just allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places that you cannot prove with , with videos , with photographs and narratives that may come after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Roy , who showed last month that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of economic video .
By being able to understand the human language and build huge amounts of data , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of simplicity , numbers , photographs , videos , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think that sometime later , our digital selves will be able to communicate with the real world after we die through all the content that we create and thanks to technology to the possibility of meaning it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all of your Twitter accounts , everything you write to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Now , as you can see , the outcome can be delicious .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technical skills .
Moving forward , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots can communicate with the characteristics of certain people , based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces of human life ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the 2008 election , in the United States , when the CNN helped by a loud musician wise I.M. crowd in their studio to interview Andron Coup .
What if we could use the presence of our loved ones in our clinics in a way that was actually quite similar to the full content that they created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s possible to realize this , because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technologies to understand them are spreading exponentially .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in exotic technologies .
My friend is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Let &apos;s wait for a moment to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece of content — I &apos;ll stop it , I &apos;ll leave the video out . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not the ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what brought it to him .
It &apos;s all the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , many problems associated with security and security .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a flexible chart .
This is a five-and-a-half foot pole carrying a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
And as you keep on doing that , the mycelium drops , and the mycelium keeps falling , and here it is , it &apos;s written down to 06,800 KO78RUS , and the encoder is at the bottom of the encoder .
As a text . This is not used in any way .
Try to understand meaning .
As a kid , I started looking for Google .
But sadly , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Political code : You can find this in certain phone networks , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to connect in Singapore .
We finally discovered this WEB website , and this guy , a few years later , worked .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he writes his life .
Sanghamburg &apos;s life is about 20 years old , about his accident , his friend . And he has a beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is doing it .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 movies , in Sanskrit to 20 children , this is a self-driving car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
At the center of Sanskrit .
He rented another car . And he took pictures of his blog .
( Laughter ) ( Applause )
It ends with 78RUS if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime did come down . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime did come down ? In many cases it didn &apos;t go so well before ?
The vast majority of casualties include droughts .
We don &apos;t know where the answers come from .
It &apos;s very often very frustrating . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like to make it easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
That &apos;s what it &apos;s done . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapist , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls our surroundings .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managed by one of them . And if Stuxnet is interested in one of them .
And then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we should be worried about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
Your brain depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , electricity from the ground up , obviously , we depend on computers . And this is really creating .
It &apos;s a whole new problem for us .
We have another way of continuing , if even computers fail . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So preparation assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , when things aren &apos;t there , really matter .
Think about cooking , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have them one day , I &apos;m in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is just consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to find these organized groups that are going to eat millions in real time , and we &apos;re going to try to find the cybercriminals .
It &apos;s about creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the middle , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to being cybercriminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I want to start by showing you two minutes of change in your body .
But before I do that , I &apos;m going to ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s over . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the topics that occur during the intersection , the untouchable silences , the world-class appearances , or keeping your eyes on the prize , all the way up to the common ground .
One : They &apos;re approaching the janitor &apos;s office .
Even in Beijing and New York Times .
And also , when we think about non-verbal values or movement styles , like sociologists , we call that non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs and mistakes .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical circumstances of life , such as taking people into account , or in advance , or in advance , as time .
For instance , Nelson Amis , who was at the University of Texas , found that when people were looking at their medical records for 30 seconds , when they were looking at their medical records and their patients &apos; physical records , their doctors &apos; loved one would be assigned , would they judge the doctor ? No .
And so they have to be smart , right ?
Our ideas , our feelings and our organs all over the place .
So what kind of communication do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study predictions , and I teach at a high-school business school , and it was inevitable that I would start to be interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly interested in forces and excuses of power .
How do you think this is the unfulfilled methods of forces and authority ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a way of physically imagining .
The animal gets bigger , gets bigger .
It &apos;s about making more space .
Jessica Thries studied this sentence , which is known as pride and discovery .
With our hands , it &apos;s up to us , it &apos;s down to us , and we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person on our side .
This is what it looks like to have a strong and powerful meeting .
When we stand in a position of empowerment and self-confidence , we , regardless of our shame , will shake .
I &apos;m watching the movement of my students in the audience , and I &apos;ve noticed that business masters really do manage .
In addition , they do almost two things .
As long as others die inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do more than men .
They are constantly less likely to be compared to men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for business administration , because it &apos;s so limited to participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
I started to wonder , for instance , that college adopts these people who participate in class .
Suppose there are ideas , yes .
For instance , we cheat when we &apos;re happy , but when we &apos;re supposed to cheat , the writer is bathed in teeth like this , we &apos;re a little more happy .
It works on both sides . That &apos;s how it works .
The second question that interests us is this : We know that our consciousness causes us to change the behavior of the body , but can our body change the behavior of our consciousness ?
What do I mean by consciousness ?
So how different are the trees and the trees ?
It &apos;s not surprising that affectionate people are more comfortable , more self-confident and good .
They really think there &apos;s going to be a window out there , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it &apos;s dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong government , a high level of testosterone , but who responds to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new look at what happens if you do it at a minimal scale , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeleton .
You shut it down , you shut it down .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s just two minutes and it &apos;s already working .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but also on ourselves .
Also , our body affects our consciousness .
We think it &apos;s easy to use , when do you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you talk to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
For five minutes , no expression of the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is there .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no idea what a hypothesis or an experiment is .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
That &apos;s what the polls are trying to determine .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
The answer was , they said .
They don &apos;t want to be compassionate .
When I was 19 , I was on an airplane .
I &apos;d gotten out of the car a few times .
The brain stem in the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college ; I was trying to go back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished .
I &apos;m self-confident .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . I went on for five years .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he did , and I understood his life .
He can shape before he gets there .
He changed .
So I want to tell you one way until you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Keep that for as long as it &apos;s not part of you .
Last I want to add .
Small barriers can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Raise your levels of testosterone , drop the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your capabilities haven &apos;t been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people depend on clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and so this question is in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all of those things , we really have to ask ourselves , which problem do we solve first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important issues in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them profoundly : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , loss and border integration , social conditions and water , and supermarkets and foreign policy .
We think that symbols have some of the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
So this was the most important question that was raised in June Delhi .
Of course , it &apos;s not true that people have to focus on problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s important not to solve the overall problem , but to solve the overall problem .
And then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change needs to be solved by the Kiko reaction .
An infectious disease must be solved by the network of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — to write what you think about the major cultures .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be the end of the show ?
I &apos;m asking you , for 30 seconds , to talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there should be some of the world &apos;s greatest problems and some of the world &apos;s greatest problems .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I would love to — I was given 18 minutes , I already gave you the big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s exactly what we did .
And I invite you , and I &apos;m also sure that we &apos;ll have these discussions later , asking you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that kind of show been collected ?
And the reason for that is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more symbols that don &apos;t show the first one completely understanding that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have authorities , any kind of authority , and of course we &apos;re continuing to make progress in a second , but in an irrelevant way , certainly it &apos;s harder to do that than if we actually did the authorities and followed them and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
Many and many things we could do , but we didn &apos;t know the genes , we didn &apos;t know how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant and they give you a big room , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you would ask for a question , but you didn &apos;t know what to buy .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It could be a family mission . It could be a very small pipe , right ?
He wants to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what Copenhagen is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is how the main work of the Copernican Convention looked like .
We gathered 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in every field .
So the three most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Same with infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the outcomes ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University marvelously decided to call them Rel Machine economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work was basically a symbol of the culture .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two combat , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
We value them .
They do this in a certain way by saying what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where there were bad programs , meaning programs where a dollar investment would get lower income .
There are middle schools , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start from doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the end of the show , climate change is happening .
A lot of people will take this off , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we &apos;re going to have disagreements with what you said .
Why are they saying that Makoko , or Kiko , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s so inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not going to be global .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the middle instructions of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cotton Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes twice as far as the most sophisticated methods in the developing world in the developing world .
However , it &apos;s going to be very little useful .
Around all the models , it will follow the global expansion of 2100 in just six years .
So a guy in Bangladesh , who &apos;s at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little bit better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a tremendous amount of money getting nothing .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that half of this money , roughly 75 billion dollars a year , could solve all the world &apos;s simple problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world with clean drinking water , with seismic conditions , with primary health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves if we want to spend twice as much money and do nothing positive .
Or perhaps in the middle of that money to do incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
It doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , then that &apos;s not our first problem .
The only programs that you have meant that I &apos;m not going to count on , for example , infectious diseases , primary health services , despite getting a little higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is really important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very costly .
Again , what this tells us is that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If we look at good programs , lots of scenarios and water are coming in .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s problems in primary societies .
The fourth best program for malaria is against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Costs can even make up percentage points in the U.N.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of a billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need solutions , and of course , in the temporary sphere and the global sphere .
The third one is open source .
The same model , if we can get to the point of liberal and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and in the United States , we can create a new life of the global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year in an absolutely astonishing number of countries in the world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty very rapidly , over two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on prevention .
Not only is there a general problem of overeating , but there are very valuable tools to solve the food problem , particularly in terms of the microbial community .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffering from weather , silk , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It can be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new events .
Again , as we &apos;re going to do this , and what we need to focus on is two different ways of fighting HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone well , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should be asking where to put the first one .
And the therapy is much thinner than the prediction .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in predictive programs .
With the money that we spend , we can do good x-rays , therapy and 10 times better things by preventing .
And again , we &apos;d better focus on prevention , rather than treatment .
It really forces us to think about our cultures .
I want you to look at your intersections and say , do you set it up ?
Or do you get to the point of view ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was the first problem .
We must , of course , work on the problem of climate change , just for the sake of it , which is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make the point that if we have to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right choices .
So problems where we can change a lot , not a little .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of our team members of our dream , is very good at shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , before we talk about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most ethical predictions in the U.N.
They &apos;re hoping that the average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
Even more likely they will be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But I &apos;m saying that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping 2100 tons of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine if you &apos;re rich , like an affliction , say a rich Chinese , or everyone , or a Congolese character 2100 , and you think about 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd it is that they were so concerned about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and not worrying about my grandfather or Japanese , who could much help with that ,
If it doesn &apos;t even match our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
Of course you &apos;ve seen the film &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I absolutely want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emerry would choose to take Brad Pitt &apos;s next film in Tanzania to try snippets or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s just not a movie clip .
So I think , in many ways , the Copenhagen Convention and the entire discussion of farming is dealing with some of the problems .
So we can learn that this is not for us to feel good .
And not to realize the necessities that are at the center of the media , but to create a foundation for the better .
The next objection that I think is very important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re offering some sort of indirect choice .
Of course , we should do everything in the ideal world , I agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In 1970s , the developed countries decided that we should spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much that we &apos;re on the verge of solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m telling you exactly that .
If any of you could tell Bach about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that , if we have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , don &apos;t we ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick taste : Do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you end up suddenly reaching out to adults , white Americans .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
They only need to learn English in two ways .
Most of them were , first of all , in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the contract zones , and so they did and proposed their own tests .
And the most interesting thing was that the indicators were the same : in the first century the problems of disease and disease and climate change were the end .
We did the same thing over and over again .
There were lots of other signs , and lots of students came .
They basically encountered the same thing .
And that gave me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I believe that we should go a long way to start thinking about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again I say , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and hopefully more people will gather and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start to think about political competitions .
So let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the kind of work that gives you zero cost , not the kinds of things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s make powerful programs where we can achieve enormous amounts of good results , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how we define these kinds of behaviors , but we have to be free to say that if there
If we worry too much about certain things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define our cultures and think about how to help the world best .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was studying at university , and my friend and I traveled with Prussia , Red Eland to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and we worked hard , so we picked a path between international and national outrage and , in short , the longest possible path .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I &apos;m turning to my friend and asking a question that took me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me .
The first chapter in the universe is perfect .
( Laughter ) I go , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the signals that we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; And he goes on to look at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about circumstances that look a lot like this : why do we sometimes miss the symbols that surround us and how do we do when it happens , and what all that tells us about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the last five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised that I &apos;m going to violate this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage , the exception of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything we do to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least not to avoid thinking about it that we might be wrong .
We really understand that very well .
We all know that in this room everybody &apos;s making mistakes .
The human form , generally , mistakes , is normal .
But when the hole comes to me , right now , all of the assumptions that I have , at this point in time , theoretically seems to be wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong with .
And that &apos;s what the problem is , we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present day , we go for elections , we vote for present day .
In fact , we all live our lives in a small bubble of our own rights .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , and for all of us as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are trapped in our own convictions .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most immoral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Trust . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid Chinese hero &apos;s mistake .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunis film where a brief watch still continues , but never gets to a rocket .
Now , in virtually every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the guerrilla runs off the bird , and the bird runs off the hill , which is normal , because he can fly and can fly .
But the mirror is behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , that &apos;s not a problem .
He keeps running until the moment he stares at the bottom and realizes the air is on .
At the same time , she was walking .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t yet understood it , we &apos;re kind of like that miracle when he &apos;s running through the air , but still not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything is fine .
But I need to actually just say a little bit earlier .
Being wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , is that we have to stay within the consensus of our own authority .
I call it false positives .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signals that will tell us we &apos;re wrong , even though it &apos;s not too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us believe in the persuasion of rights , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you certainly know what it was like to have a child who wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are the foundations of irresponsibility , and second of all , that achieving success in life is far greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re learning it very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
Right ? I say , head director , asthma , metric .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all CEOs and actors and mortgages .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of even the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means something to us isn &apos;t .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
She gets annoyed , the surgeon takes his job , takes his picture and sends it to the patient in his room , safely .
Everything seems fine .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body flawed in the arteries ? &quot; &quot; And the wrong side of her body is because the surgeon has surgered her left leg , instead .
When the hospital director gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The underlying belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advocate for what &apos;s going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and at that time we make tools like , for example , more than 750 million clean oil spills in Mexico or the deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that your beliefs are fully transparent .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a lot of hypothetical assumptions .
First of all , when someone brings up their disagreement , we simply assume that she is unknown .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the mass of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have an overall image in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third assumption — they know the truth , and they make mistakes for their imperfect goals .
So this is terrible .
To be right , our foundation prevents us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , which makes us do something horrible .
But to me the most extraordinary and most controversial thing is that it &apos;s all about being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are like a transparent wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if it were , life would be very fun .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
It &apos;s about seeing the world in a particular way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Thousands of years ago , Descartes said his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Sue Augusten , he thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
He understood that our ability to fail is not a metaphor in a human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all the other creatures , we try to find the answer .
I think that the quest for that molecule is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of times about this messaging called This American Life .
I was listening and listening , and for a moment , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is really the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating that message .
And I said to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we make every aspect of our communication the same structure .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but instead something else is happening . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , the surprise and the discovery and the mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our processors , are going to give those stories away .
We love unexpected medical changes , disruptive responses and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we love to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how we live .
We think something will happen , but instead something else will happen .
George Burke thought he was going to invest in Iraq , find a Russian embassy , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt in his entire lifetime , before he or she would become so old or sick and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girlfriend &apos;s favorite school years , and put them together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was giving to a small group of people that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t forgive me , but this conference is an incredible emphasis of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all of these innovation and improvements ?
Because half of all , all the wonderful things that had to change the world , TED1998 , oh .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work the way they thought they would . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is this remarkable relation .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of your own rights , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the complexity , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a guy named El-Switzerland came up to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Ruby May Kamen , the head of League of Liberia .
Nazi was originally suicidal for that murder , but at the same time , he and other people started planning their attack on dozens of New York City sites , including kidnappers , synagogues and the U.N.
Thankfully , those plans were sprayed by the FDA .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Western Convention did not stop .
Russia was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and teacher who were trying to make me a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to Islam , which even a few of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people are connected to them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , any religion , any citizen , you find very few percent of the people who are so generally connected to religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means for others to live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous day of the wedding , he and his friends went to London for a specific purpose .
She told me that I went to them the next morning .
We got to the site of Calton , which had no knowledge whatsoever controlled by the FBI .
When my hero came to break , my father helped me to save my son and explain to him how to fix the kidney for about 30 neurons .
That day , the last flash of light on the top of the lottery was switched on , and , to my surprise , everyone , especially me , the whole lottery was broken .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , &quot; &quot; Your father is rude . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that punishment , but only a few years later I totally realized what they thought were so funny .
They thought I saw the same damage that my father had received .
These men , in the end , were going to dedicate 1,500 pounds of paper to deploy the minibus to the World Trade Center subway station at the Soviet Union , which killed six men and almost 1,000 people .
These were the people I was following .
These were the people I called marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that independence in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone else , assembling and moving another city .
Being the new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to being a hand .
I would hide myself in the classrooms to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new baby was more soldiers in the classroom .
So for the most part , I spent time at home reading books , watching television or video games .
Because of all this , I had a social skill set , and growing up in a global family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by short-term measures such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on youth violence , and spending most of my life as a witness to gain , which was something that I was much more interested in .
The members of our team were representing different aspects of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a friend of mine .
It took a few days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural curve between us .
I had never had a good friend , and honestly , I felt the honor that I was able to win the race that I had believed in almost all my life was impossible .
There was another surrounding document that came out when I found a summer job in Both Gardens in the act of entertainment .
There , I was subjected to various religious and cultural homes , and that experience became a phenomenon in my evolution .
I &apos;ve learned that comparison is a man , and more generally , all values have an unintended effect .
This object gave me an opportunity to work with armored monarchs , and soon I found that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handful of children , I was raised to feel compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unusual to treat people from my media in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
Because of that feeling , I was able to confront graphs that were taught in my childhood through real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something beyond my strength .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be completely honest with myself about my melancholy , and he helped me to understand that the race , the religion or the sexuality of man had nothing to do with the nature of man .
He was the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Compassion can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that the comic strike has more positive impact on my world than my own parenting father , which I did not regret .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I live .
She looked me in the eyes of an eye that had enough depression for her entire life , and she said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that moment , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep all that energy out .
Nairobi is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave a connection to my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that somebody who is related to violence can hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be a violent , inadequate argument , but I &apos;m not a multitasker .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terror , terror , diversity .
I do that for the terrorist soldiers and for their loved ones , for the horrible suffering and loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the sake of empathy , I &apos;m going to talk about these non-obvious actions and I &apos;m going to judge my own personal actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not unique to any religion or race , and that it doesn &apos;t have to follow my father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagine what it means to represent what it is they &apos;re learning .
&quot; &quot; Beauty &quot; &quot; matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re laughing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for the water to survive .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of abstractions from consumption to the ability to repair our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the habits that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative capital .
If imagination is able to recognize and maintain , then restoration is the ability to replicate and develop .
It gives us an opportunity to develop and dynamic systems , and it accepts our relationship to the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and encourage it .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
The documentation that the standard method for many people in the world is very common , they &apos;re very expensive tools .
Green , yellow and red wants different kinds of vegetables .
Communication is easy , buy your jewelry , remove your shirt , think about it before you get a penis .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat green algae .
We cannot do this in a continuous way if we measure success by changing the frequency of the species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we were to eat just the vegetables ?
This is a cardboard installation called the Thunnus albacteria , which is a non-threatened species .
A card was burned and not forgotten .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , it &apos;s good for local economies as well .
But that &apos;s the top one , the main one .
What is the essence of this food ?
Am I a 450 pound man ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
I may want to be green , but not me , not you , and not the ocean .
The bottom line is that we need to have a spectrum , a constraint of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red gene is very healthy , the insect and the minerals are useful for the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to cheat so much ; I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many times do you tell me I have a problem ?
Adults , we have a problem of prediction .
We have lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we hide that value under the streets .
We hide that value by receiving the gold from the honor .
And we hide that value from income .
So the meaning of restoration is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be presented not by Joys , not by Philippines or by Goodwill , but by Goldie Gaines .
They can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that color is a new color .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that broccoli can be a new color .
We have to keep eating the best meals if , of course , we eat them all .
But we also need to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part of the surveillance feature is that it comes in half of a cow , a bunch of Toby and Circle .
It &apos;s shown in a 42-gram temple by Dijon and a paper bag filled with left-handed pieces and quinoa filled with cold , soft and soft protein , a little carbon dioxide bag filled with a Japanese sandwich .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all of these components are accessible to all the families that live in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is fighting to save America from the time we eat it now .
Sylvia &apos;s fighting to save the ocean from our food .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about medical harm . We need to be afraid of it .
We de-animated the Earth and then started using the food that we created by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Plasticity is a nightmare , but fun is the reality that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food .
Dan Barber and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But green food always assumes a shape that inevitably gives the feeling of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s made of a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to put it in our shelves .
There &apos;s a little environmental concern .
We can create them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade designed to eat an environment that is not harmful .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we lower public policy , the media tends to increase its use of revenues .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to even more .
That &apos;s the part I don &apos;t want to get away with .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandchildren .
As a five-year-old , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to minimize my metabolic rate .
Two things are going to change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People would start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating their food and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less expected .
They got more calories because of a lot of food .
They get healthier . I make more money .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach was measured in every dimension , but it was simultaneously shown in the human window .
The other thing we did was that we started multiplying various types of representatives : small fluctuations , anemia , algae , synagogue , synagogue .
The team , the media , the policemen , the crimes , the Taliban , were the whole species of the allies .
We &apos;re directing smells towards more density , more pollution , more repair .
This is what we need to value .
That &apos;s what green will say .
But this is also how we can reconstruct our environment .
And what &apos;s in these big comments , these kind of green , tuna that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start a big fish with 450 grams .
Take the fish . Take the fish for four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four marshmallows and then open up the best marshmallow that you have , six and a half .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and give it another year , maybe .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and joy and family and community .
I think making ingredients , making food , and eating is part of human interest .
My fortune was that my father was a great cook .
And he taught me very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember eating as a child .
They included a white suit and dealt with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brown sugar .
Until today , I tend to eat like this .
I get sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start screaming .
It &apos;s like a white group .
That &apos;s awesome .
But the scariest news you &apos;ll hear about and that you &apos;ve heard about the situation of our oceans , I was asked to tell you that probably the greatest burden of all time was that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
It &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Instead , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for short , quiet , exciting things that I don &apos;t consider .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for ingredients that come from within my own narrative .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We saw a picture of our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just a presence of our resources , it &apos;s also a global geography of what we call a process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start screaming , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat minor pornography .
And we need to save the fun .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how it became part of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s my conductor &apos;s name , &quot; &quot; Singer &quot; &quot; promoted .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 46664 Foundation in Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robin was arrested .
So here I am , with Jesus , one of the most amazing moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robben to come together in Mandela , where he was going to spend counting on the global monument standing in front of his former prison walls .
And you see the wall here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
At that moment , Mandela showed the world that real harmony is happening in his country , that in many parts of the country , thousands of people die every day in this country , and that the shows of fireflies are heading for more vulnerable groups — women and children .
This had a huge impact on my mind , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that this AIDS epidemic had this effect on women .
So I went out of South Africa when I left Cape Town , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I have to work for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I took every form of 464 organized procedures that I was involved in , and I took Mamluk Mausoleans , interviewed them , and I used my biggest assignment as a musician to come up with my entire experience of Mamela , and I took this incredible amount of harmony that I had to do
Everyone in the world loves Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world grews up with Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their country , the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;re just going to crash .
I was very , very lucky to meet Asma two years later , who is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of an incredible piece of court and activist .
I met him at one of the 4664 campaigns .
She was wearing this kind of a sport machine that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is already a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV-positive , people who live with HIV .
And so , since this report seems like a fairy tale of abuse , I &apos;m going to say , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away from me . I became part of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this group .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV .
They have tremendous support for the people who live with the background .
They have education programs .
They &apos;re interested in questions associated with ambiguity .
It &apos;s actually quite brutal .
And yes , my Singer counselor supports Treatment Action Campaign , which I &apos;m trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS relief and also raise money recently .
Most of the funding that I got was instantly went to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work that they &apos;re doing , and they &apos;re still doing it in South Africa .
So this is my song conductor .
In &quot; &quot; The Sing , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve been traveling the world for the last two and a half years , I &apos;ve been in about 12 different countries .
Here I am , Okolloh , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to play essentially a white , average African audience , who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a mini-film that really touches the heart of this devastating negotiation and all its essence that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to think , because they &apos;re angry and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
Aaron Mojevine , the former Health Program , was also present in this system , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly able to implement improvements in that area that are so necessary .
And this is the headquarters of Scotland .
And then I became the post-conflict commander in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and again I tried to elevate the level of the reality of HIV .
Here &apos;s Ms. Edinburgh in her wonderful African Girl , who I just love .
And it &apos;s kids like these who are already HIV positive because their parents are infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the director of UNAIDS .
And it was a great honor for me that Michelangelo invited me just a few months ago to become a UNAIDS defense against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my students to speak , is to expand my lab .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby by 2015 .
This is a fairly prosaic goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we &apos;re fighting , and we &apos;re both projecting , certainly , we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is being treated and therefore is going to be able to live her life so that she can take care of the child who is planning to take care of the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing maternal child transmission , which means that a child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
Here are the ways in which we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to finish by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Alilyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell her story to everyone , because she is one of millions of children , one of millions of children who have been paralyzed by HIV / AIDS .
Ella &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
This picture is seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she was already seeing evidence of anti-AIDS , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathua , and we had a full-blown child after him .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They raised a special food restaurant for a girl , and they followed it and they loved it .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know if she was going to win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional meeting that left us unhappy memories , this one child , you already know his story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet again in Algeria .
I wonder if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that amazing ?
( Applause ) This scope of applause is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you to consider , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to have food and effective health care , and you believe that the Global Goals for Development in the United States , particularly in the third and sixth , what all governments in the world should inevitably do is say , can you please stop the GDP of America ?
I think it &apos;s fair to say that almost everybody in the room will stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Brilliant light . Truth is a wonderful way to go a step forward , and it allows you to do everything that science is going to revolutionize .
As a biomimicry , I &apos;m combining the age of introspection and science in order for you to feel for yourself the use of future technologies .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see is combined with information , events , events , structures , maybe even the names of the streets that you &apos;ve seen .
Here &apos;s my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little bit bigger . It &apos;s a little bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re transferring the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . Any toy .
This is it . Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in the town , in the middle one place and start .
( Music ) Voice : The record is ready . The tape is transported .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different symbols : love , green , gold and gold .
Plays are among the top managers that are being evaluated differently .
Now , some people think four symbols represent four times a year .
E : Wool , wool , oink and — Voice : My favorite meaning is noise . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like heating , when heat becomes ice , water is liquid , and then everything goes away .
Each one has 13 players . ( Music ) Voice : Every single video represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the process , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful adventures of our time .
MT : There are two colors in the toys .
Here &apos;s the shape and the light that warms up at night and day after night .
Voice : Miko , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And one of the big surprises was that the toy had 52 cards , as it had 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws between the ages of birth .
Keep your eyes on the prize . ( Beep ) Voice : No , no , no , no .
MT : By the way , at the age of six , I had my first video games , and on that day , I traveled all over the world , bringing growth to boys and girls , men and women , their husbands , and even to the printing press and the printing press . ( Applause ) Who are these ? MM : Yes , they are growing fast . There you go .
Thank you .
Jack . Hey , MT : Are you ready for your show ?
Jack . I &apos;m ready . MT : So let &apos;s see what you have .
Jack . I &apos;m going to put up my slide .
MT : Goodbye . Goodbye . Hi , hi , hi . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : The toy is invented . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it be growth ? How can it be nine or five ?
Of course not . The bribe needs 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
Now , 24 / 7 is a bit of a crime , but of course it works . Some people say growth is a zero-sum game . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said , no , no .
Indeed , in Germany it sounds like &quot; &quot; No , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intelligent , although I have to warn you that if you &apos;re playing with a wise player that distributes the cards with money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Okay .
It &apos;s likely to be 4165 to one .
MT : Yes , but it seems to me that my citizens are better . It &apos;s possible to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : And so I &apos;m going to stay close to the last and most important toy : naming the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter to operate , so no . Voice : The card is discovered .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hello . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things in my 30-year challenge .
This is part of the challenge of making lights every day .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My students were big , and I was happy to think about the life of the elixir , the youth and the life of the road .
I was actually very tough , insecure , totally fearful , from fearful people , from the future , from failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I had many times before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the visibility and the statistics were there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks and weeks and zeros reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t that different , and even after a while , oddly enough and hopeful , although I noticed that the intense emotions of sound changed , and that it was occasionally evoking my own feelings .
So , for example , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
Somewhere along the line , the assumption that ordinary people don &apos;t hear sounds , and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t really there .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help and I started telling her about my bizarre place .
For instance , I was a student on television that was communicating news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was too late , and I said , &quot; &quot; Hello , Dr. , I have to go .
This was the moment when things started to grow .
First of all , I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all , I was diagnosed with a giant sense of hopelessness and awareness of myself and my images .
But being able to perceive that sound as not an experience , but as a symphony , fear is about it and address it more .
It was at that time , essentially , to represent the acceptance of my own mindset — a kind of spiritual political war , and it reverberated a lot of the noises that were coming into play and consuming .
Is there water instead ?
In fact , fear , nightmare , insecurity and uncertainty started a period of uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless and impossible to achieve some extent peace and wisdom .
Two years later , the judgment was transparent .
Until now , I had a full-time repertoire : terrible sounds , unstupid videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seemed to me that anybody had died before anyone else had .
A shattered and displaced person began that journey , but that person who had arrived had been saved and ultimately made it possible for me to be lucky .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that help me save .
I know Elizabeth will cure his illness .
You know , sometimes a mother puts a lion , but the end of the month comes . &quot; &quot; Twenty-four minutes is not enough to count all the good-looking people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that ceiling , only from time .
It was hard to believe in the original context , because the sounds were so subtle and usable , so the first important step in this sense was to learn the metaphorical meaning that I used to describe as literal truth .
For example , sounds that were dying on my house , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room one night in front of them , defending the sounds that I really thought were .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s do one .
Do you know I have a plastic forum ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By understanding this , I was recently collecting the details of my buried self , the voices of every good speaker , of course , from every medicine class to the therapy class , only this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud of Indonesia , as part of the international organizational movement listening to people listening to me today , a project that was developed by Professor Marie Rome and Dr. Sanda Each ach ach ach ach , who perceives sounds as a theater of survival , a clever reaction , rather than a pharmaceutical device , which has to be part of the work of Dr. Mary
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also a way of evolving .
In short , social change happens , it becomes visible .
You can &apos;t send a man who is proud .
You cannot deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created 26 countries online in five continents , and together they coalesce dignity , unification and rights , comparing people with mental illness to create new languages and hope that unites trust and power embody individuals .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s a piece of human nature that is forced to treat with the basic skills of the treatment and the cognitive skill of using this platform .
In this sense , there is no greater money and responsibility for the population than to make it easier for the patient to see , to take care of the patient , to share the patient &apos;s suffering and to hope for their health .
We are . We are immutable .
What is inside of us can never really be culturalized or changed or removed .
Light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful doctor said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what other people have said about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photographs .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images that you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I first got my first digital camera fair of 15 years old .
It was mixed up with the curiosity of my early painting , but it was a little bit different , because in the application of photography , the process is more technical .
When you take a picture with a beaver , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everybody could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the piece .
Here are pictures like this : road pricing .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both dust and colors , but they all have a common goal to preserve the part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean reality .
Because , of course , these images are not really possible , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to photograph them in some way .
Images for a moment to think for a moment need an opportunity to discover .
And this has more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details or to the color ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes the distance is the distance .
But ultimately , it all depends on how we imagine the world and how we can call it reality at scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as pieces of reality where you can take pieces of reality and connect them together so that you have another reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily visualize in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something else that is dimensional again , as if this is possible .
But we also know that this is impossible .
So we &apos;re ignoring our brains , because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that this makes sense .
I see the same process with photography .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography is more than real , I think it &apos;s those that we don &apos;t even think about , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But in addition to pictures , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve the reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them we can get images like this .
The first rule is that the pictures that consist should have the same duty .
Second , the photoreceptors need the same light .
These two pictures are identical to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and the same light .
Third , you need to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where it starts and ends up with your own images , but make them without compromise .
You need to open up any idea of making images .
Comparing color , concentration and light across boundaries of different photographs , adding photographic information , such as density , colors and growing digital density , we clean up the variations between the different images and the same photo , even though a photograph can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changing .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of photographs from various places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to make any environment than to get there , because you don &apos;t have to get involved in ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So with this idea of wonder , I knew that I had a few months to prepare to find different places to get this photo .
For example , this fish was shown in fishing .
Money is from another place .
Jay &apos;s portion was taken in the dark .
And one of the things I &apos;m going to do is I &apos;ve got a little red dot so I can get a little more textile .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I &apos;m always starting from sexism , ideas .
And then I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well designed .
And if you take a good photograph , the result may be pretty and real at the same time .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that limits our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Gillian , hi .
It turns out that Victorians , your kid , in the last few years , published much more classified documents than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Asante : Yeah , can it be true ?
Isn &apos;t it amazing that the media of the rest of the world is doing so badly that a small group of activists are able to share more of that kind of information than the rest of the world are doing together ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can tell , classical discovers , and we have a lot of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We download information , we download it , we download it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it , we post it
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but actually the source itself is almost never known .
JA : Right , yes . We very rarely know it , and if we detect it in any way , then that information will be removed quickly .
( Voice-over ) The king .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KHE , it &apos;s a question of what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago from your side .
If we can see this path ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Karol &apos;s friend .
This was a secret poll taken by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Moi for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds into a conversation that was driving .
And then the government turned it on and , as a political solution , used Mr. May , who was the wealthiest man , and still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of genetic journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election , the national election , the 28th of December .
When we released that conversation , we released it three days after the fact that a new president , Kiva , decided to contemplate with the person who came out to dinner with Daniel Rachel Moi , and this fellow , he invited president to Kublai .
CA : And in a nutshell , the discussion about Venice was not about the official news , it was about independence , and in your opinion , it was really about the outcome of choice .
JA : There you go . And this is Google &apos;s main page , and then it was published in every country around Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so it came out of it .
And that , for a couple of days , became the reason that Kenyan &apos;s motel spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent by a genetic interview , which changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Well , did the data from each of you really change the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong seed , I should warn you .
Radio : ... the writer gave them a hug .
I see your object , well , there &apos;s about four volumes of wire , mummy , mummy ...
Human beings are free . Well done . Shake .
Tell me when they hit . Come on .
Be playful .
Well , here we go .
( Gunshots ) Shake . Shake . ( Gunshots ) Shake .
Hurricane — Buddhist , Buddhist , Buddhist .
We need to move now .
Well , we &apos;ve also been involved in play .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogers . I bought them .
Zew , this is two-way , we move .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kamen . Well done , here we go . I stuck them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : For those people who worked on it , the effect was enormous .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Bach to study this story more closely .
This is just the first of three statements that happened in that area .
CA : And I mean , 11 people died in that condition , yes ? That seems to be both Rottery .
JA : There you go . Two Roters &apos;s work , two little children get infected .
About 18 to 26 people died .
CA
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the enormous disagreement of power .
Here you see guys on the street , walking up a kilometer in the air , 30 million meters in the April , dropping it all , finding each box to do it and killing people in the air .
And there were two reporters there that were simple that they weren &apos;t fundamentalist , because it was their full-time job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brandley Manju , who &apos;s awakened , and is supposed to have a conversation about this video , and also about 280,000 advanced U.S. public telecommunications .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we have charged that we have gotten those phones .
He was recruited about five days ago in the hands of 150,000 telephones and covering 50 .
We published a telephone from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those people I knew about .
CA : If you could get the U.S. Department of Digital Service on thousands of phones .
JA : We were going to hook them up . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Now . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , since these kinds of materials show what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the detected telescopes , you &apos;ll see what material there is .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
That is , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is the sequence of the secrets ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the world &apos;s information important , what kind of information can get transformed .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic lives in order to gather information , it &apos;s a very good signal , and when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because the companies that are best known for it , parents know it , work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a bad deal for the people involved or really , for the vast majority of society , that a bad deal can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this since we &apos;ve discovered materials .
So we have policies of uncertainty .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of hate , you know , after your doctor &apos;s data , it &apos;s a secret of hate , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are good at .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a specific license .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the press — it leaves the press , approximately billions of people around the world — that American soldiers are human .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My body isn &apos;t . How do you make it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in Bangladesh , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . Their perception is not going to change .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people perceive and think that they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to shine light on what you think companies and government secrets are .
Light is good .
But is there no way to find a secret to launching yourself around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Victorians yet .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources available to other sources .
If they appear , it &apos;s a complicated situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to behave in a way that people are morally inclined to maintain our well-being , not to cover it .
CA : Well , I would like to actually just say , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in understanding the belief of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , the hero , the hero of the lady who brings this important light .
Very powerful .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s dangerous ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : That &apos;s a tough bet , Julian , a tough bet .
You have to try a little bit . Let &apos;s show them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;re going to do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that &apos;s just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a piece , something we do every day .
Last November , last year , a number of attacks took place in Albania , like the Mexican Empire , but not so big .
And we got a revelation , an engineering analysis of the event , which said that , in fact , security workers from some content , many contagious companies were actually standing there and protesting them .
And that part of the Algerian government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering team up there had nothing written on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t get it done because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit confused with this idea that maybe some bottleneck company is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got this email from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) She said , &quot; &quot; Hi , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the document ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the guy &apos;s name was written in the Museum of Word .
There we go .
( Applause ) These things happen a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods in order to control material , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;ve gone through a great deal and a great deal of engineering .
And so the great majority of our exhibitions in the last few months has been very low , because we reconcile our systems with social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any kind of new organization grows , we &apos;re kind of surrounded by our growth , and that means that we &apos;re getting a tremendous amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check this information .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , mostly a reader , and is there a reader &apos;s license ?
JA : All right . Now , reliable people .
So we are a society that is tough to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we have to repair it so that you have people who engage with the highest national security materials and then with lower security .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents were filmmakers , and then they were thrown out of the bathroom , so the two mosquitos ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist says it &apos;s a component of paranoid development .
JA : Why , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , you were also , earlier , fallen against authorities .
JA : Well , I was a writer .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I followed it .
That &apos;s why I have to feel different words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , most of it is used by the Ross Matrix to get your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you take them to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , by the way , adults don &apos;t make pigs , they feed their pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other brothers , from adult people who have been in my life .
CA : In addition , do people who grow up to eat them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , so none of this is my kind of thing . But the other way — to train couples is there &apos;s another way to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : So the last minute we were asked , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news servers reported that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yeah , it &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
His bank sector had 10 percent of the economy left in the U.N.
Anyway , we &apos;re releasing this conversation last year in Holland .
And National TV was forced to prevent it five minutes before it came out , and as a movie , the contest of the media came out , and the reader said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website all the time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , we went to Iceland and and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we partnered with some political factors in Iceland and other international legal professionals to create a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an official airline for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a standard-up country and for that , like Norway , can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Director .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Brother will give us more , will there be more secret , will we be following the Big Brother , or should all of those remain ahead of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure if this is going to work .
That means there &apos;s a massive push between the legislation and the legislation of freedom of speech — the U.S. , China and the United States .
So what &apos;s next ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we live in a very interesting time , because only a little bit of effort can move it around or around it .
CA : Well , it seems like I &apos;ve invented the audience , saying , Julian , fearful and powerful and missing you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my boss and art director , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting businesses and stories with 17 interesting polls of cities .
But I &apos;m going to focus on demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal style is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about understanding .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these gaps and artistic work .
And when I began traveling and going to the bathrooms , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible new data .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
Let me show you the demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of these pieces here .
Here &apos;s the Suffice fice , the Museum of Modern Art , the Renaissance , Royce and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis .
There are two brands to stay with . It &apos;s very expensive .
Please stay here and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , in Bombay , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in a trench . You can fall in love .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware project and insert it .
You go in and you have to go to the end of the network .
Move ahead , take the picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I haven &apos;t gotten the best one yet .
( Laughter ) Now I stood in front of one of my most paintings , the collectors of Peter Bragel Berry at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the warehouse gave us that picture , you can stick it on .
This is just one image .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this picture , for instance , if I fail , is about 10 billion pounds .
And a lot of people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get 10 billion pounds .
You can approach the image .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This guy is coming out , and his face is balanced .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started to study it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought for a minute , this is very interesting . I approached the picture and I noticed that these kids were thinking something .
So I did a little study , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I found out that this is a game called chocolate , and in the process , kids played hide-and-seek tricks on a Tuesday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , so you can see how much they actually got there .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features , the night of God , the example I showed you , was to see the details .
What if you want to see the edges of the vest ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually makes this key ?
We kind of embed the image as if we were in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo yet .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There are many different things there , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Conqueror .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , have a big home or not .
You can create your own network , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we created something we call the &quot; &quot; Power of Growth &quot; &quot; where you can change the scale of the image .
This is Hippocrates from the Nazis .
You can take orders and send them to your friends and start talking about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an explanation , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not from the walls .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing painters .
That was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly present artists to the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reinvent the walls ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This simply enables you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsive .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write fiction , and today I want to tell you stories about the art of reaction and some of the supernatural creatures that are called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I &apos;m going to do it using words , but I &apos;m also going to use the body of the geographical body , the environment . In my talk you &apos;re going to have a couple of circles .
I was born in Stratasburg , a Russian family .
Soon my parents were separated from each other and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
And from that moment on , I grew up as a single mother and a single child .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
The wealth that surrounded us was filled with a lot of families where fathers were driving their families , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good educator , a worldwide , modern , marginalized woman .
And my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but with more spiritual values , less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to watch a master &apos;s degree and get horrible images from an eye-socket .
Many went to my grandmother with heavy gunshots , people on boots .
Every time my grandmother would say words to me in Arabic , she would take a red pen and drink it with ink as many fruits as they would like to take away from the skin .
And then , one more thing he did was he went into a star with a marble .
A week later , the patient came into the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who were struggling with my grandmother had a skin issue , I didn &apos;t see that she was struggling .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of revenge ?
The answer was , &quot; &quot; Yes , the story helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My story , apart from many of the classes that I &apos;ve learned , is that if I want to emulate anything in your life , whether it &apos;s prostitution , or the human spirit , then you have to surround it with walls .
And it &apos;s going to be deeper .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born with a certain family , a certain nation and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have any connection to the world that we belong to , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our persistence would be diminished . Our hearts would be diminished ; our humanity would be diminished if we stayed still for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our neighbors , our friends , our family members — we &apos;re all close to everybody , if they &apos;re like us , then we &apos;re surrounded by our phenomena .
The other thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they cover the elephants with a piece of paper , or they cover the wall so they can cut off the wall .
It &apos;s an old marathon based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the authority , people like the states that live in communities are at the greatest risk in the modern globalization world .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives , the hysteria and the beliefs , the wealth and the poverty — in the East and in the Americas .
We set up cultures that are based on shape and then we destroy specimens about other stars .
I think the only purpose of this cultural mythology is through the art of reaction .
Stories cannot cross borders , but they can unlock the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even compress what we see .
I started writing for eight years .
One day my mother came home and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to save a law ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly concerned about my mental illness .
I was constantly telling stories of the house , which was fine , but I was telling it to my local friends , which was really bad .
I was an eight-year-old kid , talking to colorful fingers and asking for help from objects when I was negotiating them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was going to write down my daily discoveries and feelings .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that never happened .
And it became the meaning of my whole life to write stories .
And the response to that , to me , was spontaneously a journey to other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to marry a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle , and I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit later .
Go find my story , and at that time something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I went from this tiny , middle-class , middle-class housing where my grandmother lived , and I moved here to this wonderful , International High School where I was just out .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; Aboriginal Processor . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different organizations , and yet this diversity did not touch chocolate , equal citizenship in our classroom .
Instead , it created a mathematics where every child was viewed not as individual , but as representative .
We were a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , not counting the exceptional moments that happened to people who were reliable or trustworthy .
This kid or this kid used to be the subject of constant production and going into wars .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man whose role in my nation had barely left the murders of the Roman Peru and the Turkish alongside European Union .
( Laughter ) That day , I was often exposed to classes and dreaming of becoming oil .
There I felt for the first time the cultural explosion .
Other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Spring , and we were interested in how many of the icebergs I had in my daily life , because they thought that all the wrinkles were the wrong drivers , and they were surprised that at the beginning of my life I had to start cutting my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria in my country : politics , politics and politics and leadership .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany and Apain again .
I always felt like my imagination was the only box I could ever move with me .
Stories took me to be focused , to be sustainable and to be successful — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was about 20 years old , I moved to Samuel , a town that I maintained .
I lived in a lot of animals , in many environments , where I wrote some of my pages .
I was in Cambridge when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , my eyes were like a scene that caught me off .
We had a local pride , an elderly man who never sells a bread from the soul and never spoke to the womb .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had been casting a canvas for a long , long time , and the canvas of the canvas was cast underneath her feet .
I saw this man opening the door of the iceberg and hitting one of these photographs of the Gulf earthquake until now it &apos;s in my memory of sustainable pride and the passionate translator sitting on the map .
Death and destruction add up to our national differences and we all become united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the Earth , but in good reading , we leave our little , wealthy nurseries , and we come out of the closet at night and start interacting with people like we &apos;d never met before or perhaps meaningfully .
A little bit later , I started chocolate in Boston and then in Michigan .
I felt more than a global change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agent , not an agnostic , not a cartoon . &quot; &quot; I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; So , using language , I was able to reconstruct myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I love to write in English , which for me is very mathematical and logical .
I have a different kind of connection with the two languages .
To me , the English , like the rest of the billions , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you live constantly and positively .
Because as a beginning , we always want to say more , to do better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of meeting between mindset and conversation .
And that tension is terrifying .
But if we embrace that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I discovered in Boston : competition is very tempting .
At the time my grandmother , who was watching my lifetime , grew up in his struggles , was that I was married soon so that I could get to one place and always be .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumblella , I have begun translating my life in Arizona and in Sumbling , these two parts of the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have been either physically or emotionally .
Stories are always driving me , keeping all my parts and memories together , and they act like an existential choir .
As much as I &apos;m concerned about stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think about how they lose their magic , whether or when the story sees more as a story .
I &apos;d like us to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , it was a very interesting observation I heard from a literary president .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; she said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s a guy . &quot; &quot; Because the events that happened at the University of Boston were usually suspected to me that the English characters were more than the wolves , but I understood what was looking for my president .
And I also realized that I would continue to undermine her .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
He was looking for a woman in the school because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that stories spread and refine .
Many articles feel this pressure , but the non-Archimedes feel this much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , then you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to have hard stories of deadly women .
Because they expect you to write messages and sketches and patterns and circles to your interactive and hard work friends .
What I felt as a child at the Madish School is now in the physical world .
Governments don &apos;t view themselves as creative individuals , they view themselves as representatives of their culture , some of them from China , some of them from Turkey , some of them from Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special , if not legitimate .
In one of my interviews in 1984 , James Baldwin asked a lot of questions about comparison .
When the journalist was trying to infer the fact that she was a writer , Bloody looked at her and said , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s wrong with you ? &quot; &quot; There &apos;s nothing intriguing about me that &apos;s different from others , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When the politics of self-determination attempts to attack us , it dangers our freedom of tolerance .
There &apos;s a certain kind of theory called multicultural literacy , where all the letters from the outside world are put together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural processes 10 years ago at Harvard .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We were brought together by our individuals .
Many cultural authors are expected to write their own stories , not so destructive .
The function of the structure is replicated .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the dedicated characters , to become great representatives .
But I also have to add that the idea of seeing more of the story is not just Awesome .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt it in 2005 , when I was picked up in front of the courtroom to give feedback to the voices of my lost characters .
They were expecting me to write about a relationship between the many , many families , with women &apos;s eyes .
My microbial history mattered when I was followed .
Some criticized me for reading about post-conflict .
Sometimes I had the desire to bring two sides to the table , remembering that it &apos;s just a fluke .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to erase my work .
I want to love and update the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Governor is right to express their political views , and there are good political times in that , but the language of response is not the language of everyday politics .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And it &apos;s only recently that the copy is accountable . &quot; &quot; The copy of authenticity separates us . The statement is connected .
One needs inevitable experiences .
The other one is the details .
One is boundaries .
And others don &apos;t know the limits .
The politics of self seems to be made of red teeth .
And the reaction is like running water .
In the Olympics , there were terrific stories called &quot; &quot; The Middle Ever . &quot; &quot; They were going to go out to dinner halls , telling stories to girls , and they were going to lose their stories .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even Stalin , the dead , not the dead .
Stories were being shaped by borders like Hawaii Nashadeen &apos;s trucks that were very spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today &apos;s stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian interpreter is still reading the books of the magazine , and conversely , together and taking the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books protected the girl as I was then .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the threat of making books .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rumi encountered his spiritual path , the first thing he did was he sat down in Rumi &apos;s books watching the trees disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know it . But the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us is remote and isolated .
There &apos;s one metaphor that I love very much , which is life as a side effect .
One leg on the other is continuous ; it &apos;s located in one place .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
Some of it is equipped with all sorts of organs in Starbucl , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this sense , I love the idea that my response is local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucks have probably seen the Apple Plan , which has been the Osarman Square for over 400 years .
At least in addition to the lovely ones , there &apos;s a place called Jenny &apos;s Association .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This insight is very inspiring to me .
Usually we are unreliably placed with things like incentives that do things .
We view them as evidence of large-scale organisms like water that &apos;s as if it were a chicken and then bodies .
But more of these prisoners need the authors and the painters .
When I &apos;m creating , I inspire ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I probably write a story about a woman who was dying of death , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New Yorker .
If stories are separated from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Yeah . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students learn in creative literature these days is to write what you know about it ?
So that &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Real literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural mosques and study others .
After all , stories are like the ones that hang out with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Every life , no love and love , no God , no one will . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more in the game world .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players of the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the problem of terror .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow older , we become more cooperative and fragile .
And as a result , we build larger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He &apos;s studying why people are .
But of course , this is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the world more like play .
In addition to video games , we had bird colors .
People fought . People fought .
This is truly amazing .
Hurdysseus , 18 years later , the prince decided that he needed to play the last game .
We want to imagine the teaching profits and then bring people into the teaching era .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive duty on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , the world and immortality .
My big idea , which is really a very , very small idea , is to take the road to the many billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is colors .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my birth experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my nose , I put five on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to wine .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated and the happier life needs to be .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready to reach the top .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s reaction has become a natural curator .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really focused on four o &apos;clock in the first night .
What else did I say ? I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep for a five-hour taste , this would be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of synagogue for self-interest .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a party and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet 8 ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is clear , but nonetheless , I &apos;m going to get a dentist to play , I &apos;m going to have two conoffers and I &apos;m going to see eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means that they &apos;re not so well equipped and effective , but that
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to be able to see the summit before it falls to Titanic .
And so many of our tents had failed .
I feel like if Leymah Brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At that time , when all the brothers were working 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , their sister would probably notice the burden , because he would take seven or eight hours of sleep and he would see the overall picture .
Now we &apos;ve taken a lot of journeys from around the world , and that &apos;s something that &apos;s useful for us as individuals , that more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will help our careers , and will help globally .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas that are hidden in us , open your motors and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about having a lot to do with imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for decades it had the same use .
Today I use that material to create a sustainable , affordable , scalable format in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person for that .
I never studied competition , engineering or engineering .
By the way , after I finished college , I had seven schools of art and everybody had a music .
I chose to become a painter — I was painting for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artisanal displays , I set up internal houses , and I spent my time in Mathare .
The day of the show was coming , and I didn &apos;t have that .
You had to do something .
The village was famous for the crime .
So I tried to make a Bronze Full .
But doing great work was hard and cheap .
And I came out to the corner and I started to see how the fishes connected and designed the network .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a new approach to creating a canvas as a way to create a canvas without a massive amount of material .
The first stage I got excited about was making these fish .
It &apos;s a self-portrait called &quot; &quot; Little Constructions . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to photograph this , we built the Web up on top of the sound .
What I discovered was that the highly plastic surface is covering each and every time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was married .
I continued to study and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Litvia , with the victims .
I loved getting the details that I was getting , but I wanted to make things bigger , to transform the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I went back to India after the fisheries that worked there , and we built a network of a million and a half links , which , for a short time , was in the Manhattan shot .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Maniel Solar Marsales , who reclaimed the timeline of Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do that by maintaining my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in the mix with the concrete foundation .
I spent two years looking for details that would result in ultraviolet rays in the sun , the dirty air and the melting of methane , but at the same time remain so sweet that they would otherwise end up in clouds .
We needed something that was central to the network .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton wall .
We had to make an engineering solution to the canopy move from a magnetic field to a magnetic field .
But there was no engineering software that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Italian scientist who was working on projects for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hopper .
He helped me solve two superheroes , provide the right shape and flavor .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make this happen in a way that I knew I could because corporate boys couldn &apos;t tell America .
So I connected with the market maker , I went to the battlefield , and I found out how worth spreading out .
There was no programming language that transformed traditional manufacturing by machines .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after two children were born , there was a 15 square meter network .
It was hard to believe that what I was imagining was now built , stable and in that transformation had nothing to lose .
( Applause ) This was an unknown and unexpected spectrum .
Now it was a perceptual space .
Think about it for the first time .
While I was watching a game , I was struggling to find myself underneath the surface and at the same time being connected to the unknown ground .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these windows of space in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce you to two new directions .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that for the formation of this article , the content needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get a little bit of water with pieces of mixed water that turned into powder , and what we found was that , in the process , people could also interfere with this material and go through it without displacing it .
And I use this material to visualize the traces of the train stations at the moment of the process , as if the regeneration of the city &apos;s circulatory system .
The next challenge we had in Denver was the Library of the United States and the United States , and they asked me if I could visualize the interconnectedness of the West in 35 countries and visualize the interconnectedness of the West .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the recent earthquake and summary that occurred in Chile , the whole Pacific Ocean .
It was moving the tectonic hills of the Earth , accelerating the motion of the planet and literally doubling the gravitational pull .
So I connected to NOAA , and I asked them to give me the data of the tunnels , and I turned them over here .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s about the size of the microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it from a stone star in my own way .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a thick , thin slice mold that was 15 times thinner than the wall .
It will now be fully dry and fully thin , and it will be able to burn the building to be part of the city itself .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network pattern and would model its quality .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a call in New York , asking for that idea to interfere with Thomas Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the frontiers of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream to take these platforms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional ways and in surveillance .
Now , I put them together in tech and engineering practices to create a tangible , consolidated , shape-shifting fashion that will reach the top of the building .
My creative spirit goes up .
Here &apos;s a final story .
I got one of my friends in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d been able to get out of the building and say , let &apos;s go underneath the stairs .
These people who were in the police department were now stuck with their unknown side of other people , and they were looking at creation , images of transformation , and together they embraced the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizon .
After a sexual awareness , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little boy , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely identical .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , fires with all of our sensory systems , then it &apos;s embedded in this gigantic region that has the present self and the present self and the brain and how it can feel and listen .
I am an energy that is connected to all the energy around me through my right sharing .
And right now we are perfect , we are perfect and beautiful .
My left-hand panel is something else .
Our left-hand side thinks gray and metaphorical .
And the one on the left is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more thin in in my body . Imagine that .
