Until the age of one billion people on this planet are going to activate social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this : this was the dawn of a blog by Dr. Miller at the beginning of this year , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this and that after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that when my body finally died of cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and this activated website will be activated . &quot; &quot; Because Miller was a journalist , his brain was probably well-written and more carefully designed , but in fact , all of us are creating a tool that &apos;s completely different from the previous one that &apos;s been created by
Let &apos;s go for a second to statistics .
Right now , every minute there are 48 hours of YouTube videos .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , they &apos;re best likely to be created with some photographs and economic clips , or an agenda that &apos;s in some way stuck .
And today , we all create this wonderful , wealthy digital campaign that will stay upright for many years after we die .
I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting opportunities for technologies .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technology , and now I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s going to be like today and the future .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and social media reports after we die .
One of them found me pretty good at reading Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Death : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too long .
( Laughter ) AE : It &apos;s a little bit shocking , right ?
That service just allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places for exhibition online , with videos , with photos and stories that can be stored after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Deep Roy , who showed last month that he managed to analyze over 90,000 hours of economic videos .
As the ability of cars to understand human language and build huge amounts of data continue to improve , it &apos;s possible to analyze an entire life of simplicity , numbers , photos , videos , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think eventually our digital personalities will be able to communicate with the real world much after we die , because of all the content that we create , and because of technology , we have the ability to make sense of it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Date &quot; &quot; — it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , all you write to make predictions about what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the outcome can be very happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later improving our technology skills .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate like people .
But what if these robots can communicate with the characteristics of a single human being based on the complexity of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being can create in its lifetime ?
Finally , going back to this famous window , which was the night of the 2008 election , when the CNN column with Hippocrates i.M. reported in their studio to interview Andre Cooper .
What if we could use this technology to predict the presence of our loved ones in our living rooms that actually communicate at all the accuracy that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think it &apos;s perfectly possible because the advances in the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technologies to understand them , are expanding exponentially .
Now to close , let me tell you what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment , turning their attention ...
... notice the zodiac sign .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second , until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can release this piece — I &apos;ll just go ahead and release the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , when did I leave ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to her .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something global — something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , and this is the first virus on the computer .
And as you keep on going , the orange line is going down , and it &apos;s going to be picked up here by 0600KO78RUS , and the encoder is at the bottom of the encoder .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Studying meaning .
Basically , I started Google searches .
But of course , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them committed that if it &apos;s done by RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Political code : You can find this on some mobile phones , on cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to connect the dots and so forth .
And we finally discovered this WEB website , and this guy , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and on this blog he lives .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his cat , his friend — and he has a very nice car .
Actually , this guy is in charge .
Mercedes-Benz S665-million-pound movement , more than 400 rupees . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a prisoner .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He &apos;d rented another car , and he &apos;d put a picture of his blog .
This is his Maersk — this is Ladiah Somara , who kidnapped . You can see him , the Chief of the U.S.
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see it .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Death closed . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What happens if the crime slows down ? In many cases , it doesn &apos;t go so well .
Even in the majority of babies .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
Very often it &apos;s poor . The police don &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what he did . This is Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s a programmable therapy controller , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their job — for example , the top of this building .
They &apos;re actually managing one of these . And if Stuxnet is attacking one of these .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , a risk that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , mature industry , you see around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , from elementary terms , like electricity , obviously we depend on computers . And this really creates .
We need something new .
We have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
( Laughter ) So the equipment assumes that we can work when things aren &apos;t worth it . In fact , it &apos;s incredibly important for sustainability .
Think about storage , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it all hit you .
If you don &apos;t have any reason , one day , I have a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting this , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
And now we &apos;re going to do it . We need a broader international convention .
We &apos;re going to do a real job of discovering network crime — these organized groups that are counting millions of commitments — and it &apos;s more important than defense .
Creating applications or networks .
It &apos;s about discovering standing people and , more importantly , we need to find those who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this : It will take you only two minutes to change your body position .
But before that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we wave our hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the subjects that are going on in the intersection — the untouchable silences , the worldwide patterns , or the blind in the blind , all the way up to the simple handshake .
Singapore : Here they go to the pathway .
Even in BBC and the New York Times .
And it turns out that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , our sociologists call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough evidence to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs by giving them false beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the most important conditions of life , such as taking a person to work , or stepping forward , or taking time .
For example , Nelny Amis , who &apos;s at the University of Texas , discovered that when people are looking at 30 seconds at a time of truly global doctor and the real interaction of the patient , their doctor &apos;s delights that the doctor &apos;s love will be determined whether or not the doctor &apos;s love is right ?
So you have to use them intelligently , right ?
It &apos;s all about our minds , our emotions and our bodies .
So what kind of conversation do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-performing business school , and it was inevitable that I was going to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the notion of power and authority .
What are the ways in which you think power and generosity aren &apos;t fully developed ?
In the animal world , animals respond to a physically high resource .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
It &apos;s handwriting us , it &apos;s us , it &apos;s us , it &apos;s us — we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person sitting next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our face is strength and self-confidence , we , no matter how far we will go .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
Whereas others are still struggling to get in , as soon as the audience comes in , you see that .
I have some notions about that .
Women do it more often than men .
They &apos;re always affordable for men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
This is particularly important for a business master , because value is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
I started crying , for example , in university , for these people who attend classrooms .
There &apos;s evidence to suggest that , yes .
For example , we hate to be happy when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to be happy , the author is batting around with teeth like this , we get a little more fun .
It works side by side . It works side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know that our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can our bodies change the way our mind works ?
What do I mean by that ?
So why is it different from drugs and leaves ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are often more comfortable , more self-confident , better .
They really think it &apos;s going to come out of window , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very different . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong chauffeur , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stress ?
Probably not . You would like to have one .
So we have evidence that the body can lead to consciousness at least equally , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is you get new eyes on what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , intangible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here are the bits of the human .
You shut it down .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happens . They come in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already happening .
And this is what happened to corruption .
It turns out that our body language depends not only on the environment , but also on ourselves .
Also , our bodies affect our consciousness .
We think this is the kind of opportunity you can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to test .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no expression of a face that &apos;s worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is it .
And then the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no idea what the hypothesis is or experiment is .
The feelings of feedback were important during that conversation .
All that matters was how people performed .
And this has impacted people &apos;s decision .
I give them the pleasure of shape as they go through everything .
In response , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a doodle ; you want to be yourself .
When I was 19 , I was on a plane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The brain region emerged in the repair region .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-aware .
You have to stay and shape .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; And so I did . Five years into college .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you a little bit about it before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do it so long before it &apos;s part of you .
Finally , I want to add .
Small fields can make big changes .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it . Mind your ideas .
Raise your levels of testosterone , decrease the cortex .
Let me put a statement on your mind that you didn &apos;t show up .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the biggest problems in the world ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and glue .
Most importantly , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people out of drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk for climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
We &apos;ve all solved them in the world , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why this issue is in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what problem solved the problem first ?
And I &apos;d like to give you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve identified 10 of the most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read about them profoundly : climate change , infectious disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , terrorism and hatred , population immigration , social conditions and water , and suicide and elsewhere .
We think that text represents the world &apos;s worst problems .
Obviously the question becomes , what do you think is most important ?
Where should we start solving these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that came out in June of Doc .
Of course , it doesn &apos;t make people tackle problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about overwhelming problems , it &apos;s about overwhelming problem-solving .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved according to the Citizen reaction .
Patients must be solved by networks of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege — write what you think about the major supernovae .
And also — here &apos;s the economic growth gap — remember that we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
I &apos;m asking you , 30 seconds , also talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there must be some greatest solutions for the world &apos;s biggest problems , some that are a little bit extreme .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big piece of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions going on , so please think about , how do we actually define terrorism ?
Of course , you should ask , why haven &apos;t we ever had such a demonstration ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be the first of its kind .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more evidence that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly understood that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental record of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have authorities in any decision about generosity , and of course we &apos;re going to keep making the progress in a two-dimensional way , but in an irregular way , it &apos;s better than that if we actually make the decision about transcendence and follow it and talk about it .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is really that for a long time , we &apos;ve had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you might ask for a request , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to be .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family issue . It can be a very small issue , right ?
You &apos;d like to know that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is what Coopera House did .
We &apos;ve collected 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it cost ? And what would it be ?
Same with infectious diseases .
Three of the world &apos;s top experts say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel Laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; And the University of Cambridge really did a fantastic decision to call them Rel Maxed of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their art was essentially a set of supernovae .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two attacks is first , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically ended up meeting with an exhibition that said there were bad projects , meaning , projects where the dollar investment would get a smaller return .
There is a medium , a good and very good software .
And of course , we need to start right here with doing some very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very bottom .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s very interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to that question because that &apos;s one of the questions that we &apos;re going to have with the exhibits that you &apos;re talking about .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad suggestion , simply because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do on this question is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average markings of the macroeconomic model , which is the Cityoto Project , if everybody gets together , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It &apos;s twice as common as the second-world &apos;s development tools for the developing world .
However , it will get very little useful .
In contrast to all models , it will follow global warming by 2100 in just six years .
So a guy in Bangladesh , who stands in front of 2100 at risk of hydrogen , can wait until 20106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve every major challenge in the world .
We can make sure that everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , with seismic conditions , with basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very negative ?
Or perhaps in the middle of that money to do incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter everyone — infectious diseases , basic health services — desire to get a little higher , just because , yes , healthcare is extremely important .
It can do great things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the best projects , there &apos;s a lot of scenario and water going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that need to be addressing the world &apos;s problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is malaria — battle against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
The cost can even make a percentage of the GDP in dangerous countries .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this up .
We can prevent nearly 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course , in the modern sector , and also the global warming problem .
The third leadership is open source .
A common model , if we can get the free zone and specifically reduce the subsidization in the United States and the United States , we can give a new life to the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is a staggering figure that &apos;s going to be half of the world &apos;s countries .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people out of poverty very rapidly , within two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing is to focus on the problem of overdose .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive tools for solving the food problem , especially with the microbial community .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffered from iron , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how we &apos;re going to do this and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
First is treatment , second is age-old .
And again , in the ideal world , we did both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing well , we should probably ask where we put in the first benefit .
And treatment is far too expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in programming .
With the money we spend on ourselves , we can do good things with the x , therapy and 10 times better things , predicting .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
This actually makes us think about our supernovae .
I want you to look at your aspiration and say , do you have it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a fundamental solution .
We have to work with climate change , of course , just to see that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are a lot of other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
The problems where we can make a difference , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of our team of dreams , is doing a very good job of shaping ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most romantic predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we &apos;re going to be much richer then .
But I &apos;m telling you that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is : do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help a rich Dutch 100 years from now ?
Do we want to help people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help , and we can help with very little money ?
Or as Shelling said , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re hopelessly rich , like a rich Chinese , or a Tibetan , or a Congolese , 2100 people , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; No wonder they &apos;re so nervous about helping me deal with climate change a little bit , and they certainly didn &apos;t care about my grandmother or a Japanese , who could
If it doesn &apos;t correspond to our normal perceptions about problems .
Of course , overwhelmingly , because climate change is so well understood .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I desperately want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect Emory to pick the Brad Pitt in his next movie to attempt a snowball in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s just not a movie clip .
And so in many ways , I think that the whole discussion of Copenhagen and the whole discussion of corporations is facing very challenging .
So we can recognize that this is not for us to feel good .
It &apos;s about creating a foundation for making media coverage and not coverage .
The next thing that I think is really important , though , is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re going to make some nowhere choice .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In 1970s , developing countries decided that we should spend two more today on developing countries than it did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re on our way to solving all the big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m telling you exactly that .
If any of you can tell Bach about this , it &apos;s going to be very good .
But the basic idea is that if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend it in the best way , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best of civilizations .
I &apos;ll just mention briefly : do we really have the right answer ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will ultimately end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have any fantasy about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two choices : they have to learn English in university and in English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly output from the polling boundaries , and they did so , and they proposed their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : problems of obesity and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did it over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms came together and a lot of students came .
They basically meet the same exhibition .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , I say again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start to think about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to raise more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
So we start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the kind of work that gives us no results , not the kind of things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good outcomes , and right now . &quot; &quot; And finally , you may not agree on how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we
If we worry too much about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us define farming better and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were youth and part-time , so we kind of chose a path that went through the local vernacular and national rubbish , and in short order , we kind of chose the biggest path .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the street all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me crazy .
In the first century , the dancer who is sitting perfectly aligned .
( Laughter ) And I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese character is on . &quot; &quot; She goes on to look at me for a few seconds , and then she starts laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that are very similar — why do we sometimes misestimate the signs around us and how do we do it when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent my last five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised to know that I &apos;m on the way to a strange career like this , but actually I have a huge advantage : the exclusion of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking we &apos;re going to be wrong , or at least avoid thinking we might be wrong .
We &apos;re very good at it visually .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the train comes to me right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right now , are theoretically wrong suddenly , and I can &apos;t even imagine anything that I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings now , we stand today , we vote , we vote in present time .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a small bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as individuals , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So what I want to talk about today is , first of all , why are we embedded in the belief of our own right ?
And then why is that the problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative step you can do .
Why are we embedded in feeling our rights ?
One reason has to do with feeling bad .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Chef : Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrible , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a poor kid can always afford but never get on a plane .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird rolls by the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the machine is running behind him .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , the caregiver doesn &apos;t have a problem .
He keeps running , until the moment he stares down and realizes the air is on .
At that point , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but not yet .
We &apos;re already wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually address my point a little bit earlier .
To be wrong is like something ; it &apos;s like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , that makes us insist on our own belief .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong , until much later .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that makes us insist on the right to always be , and that applies to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing surveillance , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in the school , and you know exactly what you think about the child who wrote that survey .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are irresponsible for making mistakes , and second of all , that the duty of making life success is greater than the mistakes .
We &apos;re very good at teaching that bad lesson .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , are afraid of the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Be a leader , a theoretical , a marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are CEOs and actors and mortgages .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error is not something to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right because it means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , holy and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He &apos;s disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , putting his paintings on , and he &apos;s sent the patient to his room to cleaning .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself , and says , &quot; &quot; Why does my body get in trouble ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she &apos;s in trouble is because the surgeon has surgered his left leg , instead of him .
When the hospital &apos;s health reporter gave a talk about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that believing in our belief that we are on the right side of something might be dangerous .
The deep belief that we all often have is that there is no argument about what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and then we make devices like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million light bulbs or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to be a victim .
That means that your beliefs fully explain reality .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it in the same way , by making a series of random hypotheses .
First of all , when someone turns their discomfort , we simply assume that they &apos;re not .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different opinions , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to get it right .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they make it very clear to their unnecessary goals .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our judgment tends to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it all connects to the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brain is like a cross window , and we &apos;re looking out of that window and we &apos;re describing life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can think of another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yes , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
What Justin realized was that our ability to make mistakes is not a subject in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or lose .
It mainly informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other creatures , we try to geologically find the answer .
I think that the quest for that planet is the source of our efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard this message called American Life in public radio .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started to think that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is actually the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ira Glass , who is communicating that message .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistake to get those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our interpreters , they give us those stories .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , disruptive circumstances and dramatic consequences .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something &apos;s going to happen , but instead something else is happening .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive underground , he was going to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she will become very old or ill and transfer power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your favorite daughter at school , and bring kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I must tell you that I thought I was writing a very lovely book , something that everybody was throwing away at a small group of people , that would never work that way .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprises us .
Don &apos;t forget , this conference is an incredible summary of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , improvement and improvement ?
Because half of all , all the amazing things to change the world , TED 1998 , Oh .
( Laughter ) Actually , they didn &apos;t work that way . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We &apos;re telling another story .
I have another operation .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is the remarkable relationship .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the boundaries of space , complexity and grace , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said-Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Ruby Mee Khan , the Chief Belief Officer of Liberia .
Now , Zero was originally considered to be innocent for that murder , but at the same time , with the minor trucks , he and other people started planning attack on dozens of places in New York City , including kidnapping , signatures and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were flooded by an IFF volunteer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World East Side bombing took place .
Zero was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said-Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania in Pennsylvania in 1983 with his Egyptian engineers and a passionate American mom and teacher who were trying to make me a happy childhood .
It began when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which many of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are extremely hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they should use all the possible means to make other people live like themselves .
A few months before he arrived , he sat me down and explained to me that on the first Sunday afternoon , he and his friends were going to London for a decision to repeat .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We &apos;ve reached a point in Calcutta that has no knowledge whatsoever controlled by HFF .
My father helped me keep my eyes on the prize and explain how to treat the army for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , the little light on the top of the faucet , and , surprisingly , everybody , particularly me , the whole faucet disappeared .
My brother looked at another man , and he said , Arabic , &quot; &quot; My God ! &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at this , but after just a few years , I totally figured out what they thought they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father did .
These guys , eventually , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of postcards to put a full meniscus on the south coast of the World Trade Center in Switzerland , where six men died and almost 1,000 were arrested .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started feeling good for someone , gathering and moving another city .
As a new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to handle .
I was covering myself in my classrooms to be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brand new baby was a lot more tears in the classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books , watching TV or video games .
Because of that , I had a layer of social skills , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by tiny measurements such as human race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of my first trials in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Convention for Young people in College .
My group was focused on youth violation , and spending a lot of my life as a witness to accomplishment , which was something that I was actually more interested in .
The members of our group were involved in different aspects of life .
And at the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took days before that fact arrived , and I realized that there was no natural curve between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and frankly , I felt proud that I was able to win this choir that I had believed almost all my life was impossible .
Another quick survey came when I found a summer job at Budrus in entertainment .
Here , I was interviewing people of different faith and cultures , and that experience made a difference in the development of my nature .
I learned that comparison is a man , and more importantly , all drugs had a negative impact .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I found that many of them are the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I &apos;ve developed a feeling of compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront the groups that I was taught as a child with real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I &apos;m familiar with something that &apos;s beyond my strength .
And then it was , &quot; &quot; Go away . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart had an intellectual freedom to be with me about my melancholy , and he helped me understand that the race , religion or sexuality of man doesn &apos;t have anything to do with the human nature .
She &apos;s been the model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Inflation can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a hot comic strike has a greater effect on my world than my own dying father , which he didn &apos;t lose .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart till I &apos;m alive .
She looked at me with a heartbreaking eyes , and she had enough depression to live her whole life , and she said , &quot; &quot; Wow .
At that point , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep all that energy out in the middle .
Saidullah Sahib is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully that one day , someone who is supposed to use violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by this violence , the inevitable ideology , but I didn &apos;t come to the planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , the threat of globalization .
I do that for the atheists and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has brought to their lives .
For the benefit of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these unintended activities and justify my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not unique to religion or race , and the son doesn &apos;t have to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagination is what they hear , what they learn .
Beauty matters to me .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re laughing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping for running water .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of shifts from consumer goods to our ecosystem in ways we can improve our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it the reconstruction paper .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
The rising tips provide an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage the ocean and challenge its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
Now , drug instructions , which are a standard method for many people in the world , are very common , they &apos;re very quick tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different kinds of visitors .
Communication is easy , go ahead and stay in line , think again before you go into medicine .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat enough vegetables .
We can &apos;t make it happen , continuously , if we measure success by changing the behavior of species including in yellow and in red .
But what if we eat the ingredients in green ?
This is a card-based Thunnus albatross , a non-dangerous species .
A card with a stamp , not a random jumble of letters .
That &apos;s good for fish . That &apos;s a lot of money and a lot of support for local economies .
But that &apos;s the green line , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound gorilla ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
My point is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , and antioxidants and miners are very healthy for the heart .
Great . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to drink so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , so how long do you tell me I have a problem ?
In addition , we have a problem of diabetes .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we conceive of that value under an algae .
We hide that value under the awkwardness of slavery .
And we ascribe that value to income .
So the restorative benefit is that it matters what we need .
The most surprising article can be presented not by Joe , not by Philips or by Goodwill , but by Hollywood Green Gaines .
Belly , they can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that the broccoli steak can be a new blue .
We need to keep eating the best cows if we &apos;re eating them .
But we have to eat it with a lot of minerals .
The best part of the surviving text is it comes in half of a cup of tea , a bunch of items and potatoes .
It &apos;s scored in a 142-pound paper with Dijon board and a paper board with ink and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and khaki pants and squeezy broccoli so soft and sweet , a little bit of coal and cut from the side with a piece of paper from a Japanese brick .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from our food era .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget mediocre medicine . We need to fear glamour .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food that we produce by harnessing our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Beauty is a mess , but the reality is that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barber and Alice Walter routinely lead the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always assumes a shelter that deserves the feeling of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean that we need to be careful with it in our heads .
There &apos;s a little hole in the environment .
We can build them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a foreground hut to eat sugar .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health diet is very important for rehabilitation .
While we &apos;re reducing public policy , media is about increasing the use of news .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to their babies if we include more babies .
It &apos;s the dance I don &apos;t want to get out of .
But it &apos;s not just about papers .
It &apos;s about how we look at our faces .
As a fast coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is minimizing the minerals in the mines .
One thing will change .
I &apos;m going to make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even the less white .
They got more calories because of the food that they ate .
They got healthier . I made more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the context of the human win .
The other thing we did was we started multiplying various forms of representation : small fluctuations , anarchy , anarchy , grammar , synergies .
The team , the media , the police , the clinicians , the Taliban , were the shared species of the hallucinations .
We &apos;re adding weights to more flexible , more powerful , rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big squares , those kind of models , those green squares I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 250-pound fish .
Take the class . Choose the fish in four parts .
Put them in four dimensions .
Please take those four apples out of the prison and then open up the best secret of Bangladesh , take the honey and the tuna .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Ask your friends and neighbors and maybe twice a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are a part of human interest .
I was fortunate enough to be a great cook .
And he taught me much earlier the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They would put in a white suit , and they would get up with a lot of shrimp and a little bit of osol , usually with a brown sugar .
Until today , I usually eat just like this .
I get infected when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a white robe .
Incredible .
But the scariest thing you &apos;re going to hear about our ocean conditions is that I was asked to tell you that the heavy burden of saying it was probably the worst thing , all this while your mother was right .
Three pounds .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in the food .
For the sake of privacy , I look for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for things that are quick and slow and attractive , which I don &apos;t think I &apos;ll slow down .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for ingredients that come from my personal history .
And for the community , we start from scratch .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the best about what that effect is and then take the first step to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But that is beyond our resource constraints , it is also the global geography of the community that we call a process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start giving back .
We need to eat beef .
We need to eat small porcupines .
And we need to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , Sing .
In November , 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 46664 foundation for Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robin was incarcerated .
So here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most exciting moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to join the Middle East , where he was going to pass a computer across the global moon , standing beside his previous prison camp .
And you see the window here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Manju introduced to the world that there &apos;s a real disaster in her country , that there are thousands and thousands of people dying every day in this country and that there are more males leading than all of them : women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that this HIV / AIDS epidemic has a direct effect on women .
So I did a job when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I thought to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following , I went into every 466 organized event that I was present in . I looked at Mamaniacs , the interviews — the ones I was most likely to use as a musician — to address all of my passion through Mandela &apos;s suffering — for his struggle .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela — everyone in the world — the Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was going on there , they &apos;ll just go away .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , meeting State Agency , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of courage and activist .
I met him at a 4664 interview .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I now wear .
This is already a tool . It tells you that I &apos;m in conflict with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this cycle seems like a failure of clarity , I &apos;m wearing it , I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away from me . I became part of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing company .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , where 80 percent of participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They have tremendous support for the very people who live with immediate impact .
They have education programs .
They address issues associated with ambiguity .
It &apos;s actually quite opposite .
And yeah , my song campaign promises the Treatment Action Campaign , in which I &apos;m trying to raise the awareness of HIV / AIDS and raise money for the past .
Most of the funding that I got was actually moved to the Treatment Action Campaign and documented the incredible work they &apos;re doing and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my song conductor .
In &quot; &quot; The Sing &quot; &quot; series , I am basically and three or four wonderful people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Osoro , Norway , getting a loan of money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
I had the opportunity to play in Hyun-Sook primarily among South African audiences who finally started disappointing , because I &apos;m using a movie that really captures the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole nature that &apos;s going on , people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re really excited and they don &apos;t know what these problems are .
Southern Moholidine , the former health of today , was also present in this network , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and she was instantly aware of the improvements in that area that are so necessary .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I was showing them my own experience , and I was trying to raise the level of awareness of HIV .
Here she is in Edinburgh with the children of the great African Microbiome Church family I just raised .
And just like these kids , they &apos;re already there because their parents are HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And the great honor for me was that Miguel invited me just a few months ago to become the head of UNAIDS against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my talk to extend my liberation cycle .
The way UNAIDS is currently trying to make the world heard is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS virus from mother to baby in 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political leaders .
It &apos;s just possible .
And here I am with a woman who is nearly HIV positive , and we hate , and we both hate , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman gets treated and therefore her life can be eradicated so that she can take care of the child that she &apos;s about to bring about the light .
And her baby &apos;s going to get an AIDS epidemic from a mother , preventing tuberculosis , which means that baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the default option in life at the very beginning .
And this is the kind of thing that we need to do with AIDS .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Alia .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere .
I tell his story to everyone because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been diagnosed with HIV .
Alia &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year old .
In that part of her life , she was already witnessed with epistemological symptoms of AIDS , and she was also suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathua , and we had a full-time baby who was just an amazing baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They engineered a special food facility for the girl , and they followed it and they loved it .
And we didn &apos;t know at the time that the hospital was going to wake up — because we filmed his story — whether he would win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional meeting , which got us to memorialize , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Alia again .
I &apos;m stroking . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This view of disability is actually for doctors and nurses who were inspired by Ebola .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to get the food and effective health care benefits , and you believe that the United States States development targets in particular are the fifth and fifth factors that all governments in the world need to be independent from — in particular , the Iraq War — to ask the government of the world .
I think I &apos;m going to be right if I tell you that nearly everyone in the audience is in trouble .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to step back from reality , and it allows you to do everything that science can do tomorrow .
As a peasant , I assemble the elements of intimacy and science to give you a sense of the tools of the future .
You &apos;ve all heard about the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street and the world you see is increasing information : landscapes , scorpions , structures , maybe one day even the names of the streets that you see .
Here &apos;s my mental cup .
It &apos;s a little larger . It &apos;s a little larger .
When you look at a cage , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of the hippocampus .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys .
Like this : Let &apos;s say the next time we see it .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle section , and start .
( Music ) Voice : The flag is ready . The flag is transmitted .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it has four different marks : love , shame , anger and anger .
Play is one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think four signs represent four-year appearances .
E : Oink , oink , oink and — Voice : My favorite line is the mine . MT : Yeah , yeah .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like a heat sink when heat turns into glamour , water is wine , and then everything disappears .
Each point has 13 pieces of paper . ( Music ) Voice : Each pixel represents 13 pieces of all the light socket .
MT : So here &apos;s the information , the process and the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful endeavors of compassion .
MTT has two colors in it .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun curving at night and the relatively close conversion .
Voice : Mark , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And is that advice that the toy has 52 tickets , as it &apos;s 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per year , the number of days per birthday .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : No way , no way .
MT : By the way , my birthday was the sixth generation that I received my first player , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world — happiness , including both boys and girls , men and women , their husbands , and even their laptops and their laptops . ( Applause ) IM : So who are these ? MT : Yeah , that &apos;s unfair .
Sorry .
Jocelyne : Hey , MT : Are you ready ?
Jocelyne : I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Jocelyne : I &apos;m wearing my ankle .
MT : Be careful . Jocelyne : Hi , wow , wow . ( Music ) MT : But today I &apos;m introducing another audience .
I &apos;m going to organize for you .
Voice : Sometimes the toy is discovered ; MT : Sometimes people ask , how can it grow ? Does it have to work at nine or five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit counterintuitive , but of course it &apos;s all worked . Some people will say growth is the act of superficial non-force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Actually , there &apos;s no &quot; &quot; just , &quot; &quot; in Germany . ( Laughter ) Actually , the truth is not very intellectual . Although I have to warn you that if you play with a wise player , which is how you divide your cards with your money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? Very good .
It &apos;s probably between 45 and 1 .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : And so I get to the last and most important part of the game , namely the city .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter whether we &apos;re operating , so no . Voice : The deck is over .
TM : It &apos;s reality , by the way .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the daily illumination task .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was a good teacher at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to learn the life of the welfare of elderly , adolescents and the life of the street .
When I was growing up , I was actually very nervous , unsafe and totally freaked out of the fear of people , of the future , of failure and of the judgment that I felt in me .
I , finishing my semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my wife , just like I did before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity of observation and statistics was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; She &apos;s going to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even after a while , it was kind of funny and exhilarating , although I noticed that the violent condition was changing , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspeakable feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I believed that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told the doctor at the University .
And to be honest , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre journey .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and I met a psychiatrist who was too late to say , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow exponentially .
First of all , I was diagnosed with a schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was diagnosed with a huge amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound as not an experience , but as a symptom , fear is more robust to address it .
At that time , this was actually introduced to me in terms of a relative act of my own mind — a kind of spiritual political war , and this led to a lot of the sounds that were going to be dominant and dying .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a heavy period of fear , hatred , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt empowered and impossible to bring peace and kindness to a degree .
Two years later , the paper was global .
Until now , I had the whole play repertoire : horrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time , until someone else had saved it .
A well-crafted man started this journey , but the man who had arrived had been saved and ended up becoming the one who was lucky to me .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but those memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Eleanor is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the fire in , but the month comes at the end . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the nice and arbitrary people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come back from that wall , only from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to develop metaphorical meaning , which I initially recommended as a verbal truth .
The sounds that were killing me at home , for example , I learned to neglect my own notion of fear and insecurity in the world , rather than being a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , sitting next to my parents one night in the room to protect them from the sounds I really thought I was feeling .
This is what I felt at the moment : &quot; &quot; Do not stop .
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By measuring this , I was recently collecting my inherent self with a voice that was expressed in every letter , statistically speaking out of every medicine , repeatedly demonstrating psychotherapy , only this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Inzeroes as part of the international organizational movement listening to people listening to sounds — a project that came to mind from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandy Earer , who perceives sounds like survival theater , normal reaction , rather than being part of the gymnosophrenia , which has to be part of a different discipline that needs to be explored
This kind of relationship is not only possible , it &apos;s also the way it &apos;s evolving .
In other words , social change happens if it &apos;s social , it becomes visible .
You cannot command a person who is proud .
You can &apos;t deny the people who aren &apos;t afraid anymore .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the movement of the networks in five continents , working together to develop dignity , unification and law enforcement as people with intellectual disabilities to create a new language and hope that unites unity and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s obsessed with basic therapy and this basic ability to use cognitive skill .
In this sense , there is no greater privilege and responsibility for the health of the patient than making it easier to witness , to gain help , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are a species . We are immutable .
What &apos;s inside of us is never really documented , changed or removed .
The light never comes out .
As one time a wonderful doctor told me , &quot; &quot; I wonder what somebody else said about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at 15 .
It was mixed up with my earlier interest to paint , but it was a little different , because in the application of photography , the process is much more primitive in planning .
When you take a picture with a beer , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right place .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you press the button .
Here are images like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , they have a very special reality .
Or these pictures , both dust and cold , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopies .
Because , of course , images like this don &apos;t really look possible , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture of them .
Images that need a little bit of time to think about the possibility .
And it &apos;s more than just an idea .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details or the colors in the head ?
Is it about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at a scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the features of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them to one another , and that is augmented reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that &apos;s kind of three-dimensional , like this .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re manipulating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in the context of photography .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , is the ones that we don &apos;t even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I &apos;d like to mention three basic rules that we have to follow to make the case .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is : Combinary pictures need to be identical .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures also fit together in two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with individual images without distributing them .
You have to come up with any idea about making images .
By applying colors , concentration and light across borders of different photographs , by adding photographs , such as density , by mixing colors and augurating digital noise , we can eliminate the differences between the different images and the same photo , even though a photograph can have hundreds of pages .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just a transformation underneath .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of images from places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually much easier to set up than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go to the ideas of incentives .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew I had a couple of months to prepare for myself to find various places to get these photos .
For example , this fish was shot in fishing .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of George was shot in a rock .
And one of the things I &apos;d like to do is , I &apos;ve turned a little red to look a little bit more Swedish .
To get really close , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with sexiness , an idea .
So I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good photograph , the result may be quite beautiful and also at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Johannes , a great golfer .
It turns out that Victorians , your little girl , in the past few years , published much more sophisticated documents than the rest of the media in the world combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media of the world is doing so much worse , that a small group of activists can release more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classic discoveries , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Bali , to use legal protection .
We gather information in a basic way , in a basic way , registered or not , in a regular media organization like a regular media organization , we establish , which is sometimes very difficult , when you talk about a vast amount of information , you publish it and then protect us from unexpected rights and political beliefs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are credible , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any vaccine , we probably dismiss it soon .
( Video ) Goodbye .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , you ask what the code of the TED conference is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this documents ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Krole .
This was a secret study done by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruling the Daniel Award for 18 years .
She was the daughter of Kenya .
And when Kleiber came through power , through a series of calligraphic forces that were trying to eradicate Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds into a conversation that was driving .
And then the government posted it , and as a politician , it used Moi de , who was the richest man , and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan press .
So I went there in 2007 and I managed to get it right before the election — the National Election , December 28 .
When we published that conversation , we published it three days after that , that a new president , Kepler , had decided to engage the man who had come out to dinner with Daniel Rachel Moi , and this conversation was broadcast to President Kiribati .
CA : And to cut a long story short , Kenema was talking about this conversation , not with the council press , but with the council , and you think it was really about the effects of the election .
JA : There you go . And this was the headline in Guinea , and then it was published across the country in the provinces of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so she posted it .
And that , in a couple of days , became the reason that the Chinese Embrace talked about it .
It went on for 20 days with a Chinese television and voted for 10 percent based on a genetic interview , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : All right , so does the data that you &apos;re talking about that really changed the world ?
JA : Good job .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airport .
Video is longer . But here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a powerful oil , I have to warn you .
Radio : ... the author says , as soon as their house is suspended .
I &apos;m wearing your white picket fence — oh , boom , boom .
It &apos;s free . It &apos;s good . It &apos;s cheap .
I was told when they were lying . Look at me .
Go for it .
Well , no , no .
( Translator ) Shake . Shake . ( Translator ) Shake .
Next , Budrus , Zucker-Jewish , Buddhist .
We need to move now .
Well , we also had a slow motion .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I &apos;ve got them .
Two and a six , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait a minute . What happened ?
Go ahead , Kick . Okay , here we go . I hide them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : For those people who worked on it , the impact was huge .
Finally , we sent two mentors to Bach to study this story in a more detailed way .
This is the first of three arrangements that happened there .
CA : And I mean , 11 people died in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Rutgers too .
JA : There you go . Two Rutgers &apos; work , two little children were arrested .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this explanation has become a source of widespread excitement .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a lot of power disagreement .
Here you see guys on the street , running randomly , and then on one kilometer in the air , there &apos;s a 30 millimeter drop in the air , hitting people in the air , killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not pro-voice , because it &apos;s their long work .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , the Brandley Manju , who has been consulting , and it turns out that he has actually crowded this video , as well as 280,000 classified U.S. media reports on you .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve argued that we &apos;ve got those kinds of radio waves .
He was installed about five days ago for 150 million radio masts and 50 reporting .
We announced first year a phone from the U.S. Department of Rice , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was one of those visits that I knew .
CA : So if you &apos;ve got the U.S. Department of Digital Affairs , you &apos;ve got thousands of these .
JA : We were going to publish them . ( CA : Yes ? ) CA : Yeah . ( CA : How cool ? ) JA : Well , because this kind of material shows us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , the actual human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the unfolded telescopes , you &apos;ll see what material there is .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that this network of secret information is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the key information in the world that is important , what kind of information can be replaced ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic strength to cover information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be a good thing , because companies that are best known for it are widely spent jobs to cover it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that dangerous for individuals or certainly for the vast majority of society , that talking can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
So we have dangerous understanding policies .
We have a unique way of working with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , for instance , your data from your physician — that &apos;s a secret of love , but we &apos;re working with discoveries that we have that fundamentally make sense .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what would you say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you published something that somebody has had a specific attack to publish .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presence that there are millions of people around the world who are soldiers of the United States alone .
Actually , not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you get it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their perceptions .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the perception and thinking of people paying for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve come up with a way to light what you think are the stupid secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But don &apos;t you find any keyboard in the fact that in order to survive you have to make yourself a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Bill Lex advice .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources that are the enemy of other sources .
If they do , that &apos;s a difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act in a way that people are morally inclined to pursue our privacy rather than to avoid it .
CA : I would actually like to , just based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in the notion of TEDsters .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , character of the audience , who brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : Just kidding , Julia , a cute baby .
You need to try some more . Give them another example .
Here &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is late , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a number of protests took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call about the accident engineering analysis , which was saying that , in fact , the security workers from some of the media fraud , there were actually fire brigade men there , and they were blowing them up .
And that some of the alpha government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering team had nothing written on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed , thinking , well , maybe any content company is trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t manage it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote this week , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we also said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell more .
In fact , what paper is all about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for this document ?
Is that really what you are ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this postcard where the author &apos;s name was written in the journal Michael Ward .
Here it is .
( Applause ) It &apos;s often happened .
This is an example of one of the techniques that we &apos;ve been working on to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There it is . What information did you get from the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re bringing in a lot of competition and engineering efforts .
So the great news of our publishing just over the past couple of months has become very low , because we &apos;re reconfiguring systems out of this sort of abstract social interest that we &apos;re interested in .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing up , we &apos;re kind of geographically geographically growing , and what that means is that we get a very high level of discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and check these data .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , basically the reporters and the journalistic debate ?
JA : Hello . Now , reliable people .
So we &apos;re a society that &apos;s rapidly growing because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , and so we have to redesign it so that you have people who engage with the highest national security issues and then with lower security issues .
CA : So let &apos;s get a sense of yourself and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made the movie , and then they jumped out of the bathroom , so both the two fires ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What , the movie ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , early on , you were also struggling with power and early on .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I scouted for it .
It has to be felt with other words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s used most of the time by race math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , yeah , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you break them down a little bit and maybe in your life some way that helps them define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t create guns ; they &apos;re eating guns .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other brothers , from the adults that have been in my life .
CA : In terms of creating gods ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , and it &apos;s not my thing to eat . But there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to eat chickens , there &apos;s a way to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : And just very quickly , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local media service announced that the story was not published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank sector was the size of her entire economy to fund GDP .
Anyway , we &apos;re reporting this last year to Hollywood .
And National TV was reported five minutes before it broke , and as the movie captured , the headline appeared on the news , and the headline said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site at the same time as a record , and we became very popular in Iceland , went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And it was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political leaders in Iceland and and other international law experts working on a new type of legislation for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that matter , Norway can use the system .
And just a month ago , it was taken by the Icelandic prime minister .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , do I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will hold us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be ahead of it ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
So there &apos;s a huge gap in the balance between the law of freedom of speech and the law of transparency between the U.S. , China and the United States .
Which side of development is hard to say .
And this is why we live in a very interesting time , because it &apos;s only by some effort that we can move it around or by side .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;ve invented the audience , saying , Julian , be tough and strong and lean .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always Amy .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting advertisements and stories , nine interesting advertisements in 17 cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal pressure is very viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and artifacts that exist .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming an art gallery through a new technology .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started the work .
So let me show you some interesting things , and then I &apos;ll tell you a couple of interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you just go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all the details here .
Here &apos;s the FBI , the contemporary art gallery , the Erigency , Rich and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan diner .
There are two ways to stick with me : very expensive .
Stand up here and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are , Bonobo , Mexico , doesn &apos;t matter .
You can run around in a park , run around .
Do you want a circular wall ?
Open the hardware and give it a hug .
You go inside , and we need to go to the end of the interaction .
Go ahead , take the picture .
Learn .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I didn &apos;t get to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite photos , the collectors Peter Bragel Bergen at MIT .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wind has given us that image , you can click on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture might mess this up , but I &apos;m going to hide it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve developed in our lab with knowledge technology .
So this picture , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , is about 10 billion pounds .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion base pairs .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This guy is walking out , his face is innocent .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; And I looked into the picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Seaweed , where children sleep in silk on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now getting closer , we &apos;re getting to the bathroom .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) Still in front , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So fast forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorite pieces , the night of God , the example I showed you , was to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We kind of embedded the image . We kind of embedded in it .
I &apos;m going to get to what I said in this picture . I &apos;m really going to go into the details .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this .
Now let me show you my favorite way of doing it .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
It &apos;s a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Sex .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait on the Internet , your own collection of these images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; power to grow . &quot; &quot; You can change scale .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can write a letter to your friends and start talking about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re rightly demonstrating the work of art on the Internet .
And the most important question I get asked is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the experience of going to bathrooms ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It &apos;s simply tired of going to the gyre .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , is I tell stories , I write fictions , and I want to tell you today some stories about the art of reaction , and also some supernatural creatures called &quot; &quot; water .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I will do it with words , but I will also use a geospatial body , a circuit . In my talk , you &apos;ll have a couple of circles .
I was born in Starbucks , French family .
Shortly after my parents died , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
At that point , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little unusual .
We were surrounded by a whole range of families where the father controlled the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good education , a worldwide , modern , marginalized woman .
And from the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but with much more spiritual values , much less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be in the grocery store and get crazy images from a hidden mother , without her eyes .
Many came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds , people or dresses , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother had a word in Arabic , she would pick up a red card and drink it with her mouth as much gray as she would like to take out of the skin .
And yet , he was staying in a rock star with a marble .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience , but the truth is that all of the people who face my grandmother with a macular problem did not see that she &apos;s struggling .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the story helps , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , other than many of the classrooms that I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been a very nervous lesson , which is that if you want to disrupt anything in your life , whether it &apos;s plastic , paperwork , human spirit , you have to surround it with very high walls .
And I &apos;ll take it inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some nation and class .
But if we had no connection to the outside world , then we could end up with a fourth threat .
Our resilience would go away . Our hearts would go away . Our humanity would go away if we stayed with our cultural doctors for a long time .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our phenomena .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a piece of paper , or they burn the wall so they can take the picture off the wall .
It &apos;s an old Western tradition based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to spend a lot of time resting .
Through the agenda , people who live in communities are at the worst risk in the modern globalization world .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Libyans and the conservatives , the geologists and the believers , the rich and poor , in the East and the Arctic .
We intend to build buildings that are made of resemblance and then reinforce suspicions about other stars .
I think the only purpose of this cultural mythology to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can break the gaps in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can lavish other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic ticket ?
When I look at her , I think she was remarkably concerned about my mental state .
I was constantly telling stories of the house that was always good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid talking to colorful teenagers and asking for help from objects when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was going to write my daily discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life a terrible detriment , and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the events that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life writing stories .
The reaction to my self was self-organizing , rather than being translated into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then stand back .
Go back to my story at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a dinosaur .
And I moved from this little , small-scale , medium-sized relationship that my grandmother had , to this wonderful , international school in Maddie , where I was just kidding .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were learning about children from different disciplines , and yet this diversity did not respond to colonialism , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not by individuals , but by many means by one great thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , despite the exceptional moments that happened to the people of the nation or the people who believed .
This or her son would often become an object of forgiveness and a war .
And I knew that very well , because at that time , when I was feeling comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man who supported my nation had less staying in the murderers of the Roman Page and the Turkish military in Italy .
( Laughter ) That day , I would wake up from class and dream of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called &quot; &quot; The Extreme of Education . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how many calories I was in , because they thought all the shoes were popping up on the planet , and they were surprised that from the start of age , I had to open my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three criteria of my country : politics , civic and leader .
After Spain we moved to Jordan , Germany and Apache again .
I always felt like my existence was the only box I could move with .
The stories brought me to be focused , sustainability and success — these were three things I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , a town I battle .
I was living in a very diverse and diverse environment , where I wrote some of my cousins .
I was in Tampa , when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of the house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , a video appeared that got me out of the room .
We had a local pride , a tough , old man who never sells a bread from the soul , never spoke to the neighborhood ministers .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had drank a long , black cloud , and the archer &apos;s couch was running underneath her feet .
I saw this man opening his shoulder in his hand , and he surrounded himself with this painting by the Gulf earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my reminder : the conservative soul and the swimming translator sitting on the shoulder .
With death and destruction , our national difference and all of us become single , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can have such an impact on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but with good reading , we leave our little , wealthy animals , and we leave ourselves alone in the bedroom and start meeting with people we &apos;ve never met before , or perhaps whose purpose we &apos;ve been compassionate .
And just after this , I started pasting women &apos;s schools in Boston and then in Mexico .
I was more aware of not global change , but language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an ecologist , not a forger , not a forger , not a clerk . &quot; &quot; So I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why do I do that ? &quot; &quot; And using language , I get an opportunity to repair myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and very emotional , and I love to write in English , which is a very mathematical and logical language for me .
I have a different kind of relationship with the two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in this world , is a global language .
When you start in a language , you end up with an incredible and incredible misunderstanding .
Because , as a beginning , we always want to say more , make better things , say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re less expressed , because there &apos;s a great role in thinking and talking .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can become a mess .
This is what I found in Boston : extinction is very tempting .
At that time , my grandmother , who tracked my lifetime with an increasing insecurity , started contributing to her daughter that I was married soon , so I could go to a place , and I always did .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And because my husband and I from Stamble , I started to dedicate my life to Arizona and Sumbo , and these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been chocolates , physically or mentally .
Stories have always propelled me , keeping all my parts and memories together , and they act like an existential slum .
As much as I love stories , I &apos;ve recently begun to think that they &apos;re losing their magic . &quot; &quot; If &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; the story seems more than a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) So I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one way , and it &apos;s male . &quot; &quot; Because the things that happened at Boston University were pretty common to me that the English characters were more likely to be more than proxies , but I understood what my president was looking for .
And I also learned that I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see what I was doing .
In the book , she was looking for a cup of coffee , because I was .
We talk a lot about how storytellers change the world , but we also need to see how self-organizing politics affects the way storytelling spreads and returns .
A lot of books feel this pressure , but the non-Army books feel this more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , you &apos;re expected to write stories about deadly women , and you &apos;re expected to be difficult stories about deadly women .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories and circles with your interactive and dangerous partners .
What I experienced as a child at the University of Maddie is now in the literature .
People don &apos;t think of themselves as being an independent creative person , but as representatives of their culture . Some authors from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not normal .
According to an interview by James Baldwin in 1984 , a lot of people were asked about balance .
When the journalist was trying to address the fact that she was a Gayesian writer , she turned to him and she said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see ? I have nothing in my mind that is different from me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics is trying to attack us , it dangers our liberties .
There &apos;s this mythology called multicultural literacy , where all the books from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural effort 10 years ago in the Harvard Journal .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as you know , the infidels .
( Laughter ) It wasn &apos;t because we were writing in the same art gallery or literature .
We had collected our characters .
Many cultural books are expected to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The orchestra functions .
In this way , not just for the books , but also for the characters who are frustrated to become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It &apos;s coming from all over the place .
I first felt it in 2005 when I was asked to give a speech to my favorite characters in front of the courtroom .
I was expected to write about a link between the construction and the family of many , many families , by the eyes of a woman .
My microbial story made a difference when they touched me .
Some criticized me and others very well to write about the post-conflict .
Sometimes my desire to get close to both sides is to remind myself that it &apos;s an orgasm .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to end my work .
I want to love and upgrade the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it &apos;s going to be for .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are good political views in that , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And only the last one is in charge of the authority . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unites us . The statement unites us .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other one is the details .
One is building borders .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity seems to be built by light sources .
And the reaction is like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were these glorious stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to celebrate , storytellers , and they were telling the stories to the individuals , and they were telling the stories , and they were telling the stories , and they were telling the stories .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice , identifying that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even the soldiers , the dead people , not the media .
The stories were covered by borders like Hawaii Nashadeen newspapers that were scattered across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today , stories continue to push borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books of the ancient author , and vice versa , combining and taking the story together .
The physics gives us luck .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literature .
Books came to save an innocent , embarrassing girl like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the risks of making books .
When he got to the prison and mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader — from the Shamsala Theresa , the first thing he did was he sat in Rumi &apos;s books and watched the flowers disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you forward is greater than the knowledge . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural mythology is that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know a lot about each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t take us far and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love very much : life is like a side effect .
One leg on the other is a continuous , tightened position .
Yet the other leg is in constant motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are surrounded by severe trauma roots in Starbucl , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the cloud of Turkey , which has been the cloud of Osama bin for over 400 years .
In the fall , on the left , there is a place called Jenny &apos;s paradox .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This is a very exciting insight .
Usually , we &apos;re hopelessly dependent on the evidence that things happen .
We view them as foreign objects for supernovae , like water , which is tasty and boundless .
But more of this kind of evidence is required by authors and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage disruption and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what comes next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he said , &quot; &quot; No . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a great change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that teaches students in a creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Therefore , it &apos;s not always the right way to go .
Imaginative literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach young people and open ourselves and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural mythology and study other people .
After all , stories are very similar to the characters who are circled by their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity , it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poet : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for each and every life , whether we love and love , God , the country won &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together trying to solve the problem of terror .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less balanced .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are .
But of course , this is not an optimal condition .
We need to start playing more like the world .
Before the game was over , we had baby stomachs .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is truly amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freud , the conductor decided that we needed a final game .
We want to imagine exercise windows , and then we have people train in the teacher interest .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive relationship with rising skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge extension , sustainability , globalization and enlightenment .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , is to channel the road for billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wind from my extended experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed a lot of power .
I snuck my head in my chair , I snuck my nose , I put five paisa on my right eye .
And I began my journey to explain sleep .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you have to be more effective , more motivated and a happier life .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready for the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , smoking has become a natural currency .
I was having lunch with a guy who was really bad at putting four hours in the last night .
What else I said — I didn &apos;t say this — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coffee to show your own preference .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a party , and said , &quot; &quot; Will we meet eight hours ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is pretty sure , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a race to play , I &apos;m going to make a two-dimensional call and I &apos;m going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so well-designed and
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the point of leadership is to get you to see the subject before it falls into the Taniyan .
And we had too much fun with our Tianmen .
I feel so much that if the Leymah brothers managed the Leymah brothers and sisters , they could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , my sister would probably have noticed this sign , because he was going to sleep for about seven and eight hours and he would have come over to see the whole thing .
We now have a whole range of trips that are being committed to all over the world — something that is useful for us personally , that more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives will also be useful for our careers and good for the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us : open your motivations and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about deeply embedded imagination .
14 years ago , I first discovered this common material , wanting that for centuries it had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create a scalable , scalable , scalable structures that fit in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I &apos;d never studied content , engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and everybody was upset .
I chose to be a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By asking for a C-section instruction , I set up internal , and I ended up in Marabola .
The day the show was coming , and there was no inside .
You had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for discrimination .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making great jobs was difficult and expensive .
I got out to the corner and started seeing fish come up and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived it in a different way , as a new way of creating a dish , as a way of getting a fabulous amount of gold lacquer .
The first thing I was excited about was my introduction to these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Loud cuts . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To take a picture , we uploaded the Web to the pattern .
What I discovered is that desperate , flexible buildings evolve in each direction , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I got from the outcome , but I wanted to make bigger , bigger , bigger , bigger things than the subject you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I came back to India after the fishermen who worked there , and we built a network of entrepreneurs — a million and a half lines — and it was , in short time , displaying in Maidan .
Thousands of people saw that , one of them was an anthropologist , Manuel Sol-Moorns , who renewed the slums of Portugal , Portugal , where it was .
He asked me if I could produce something that &apos;s always on display for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by supporting my art .
Whereas with frugal solutions , engineering solutions , those properties were in conflict with the material defined by etherism .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would detect sun-shaped electromagnetic radiation , the compression of wind and methane , but at the same time remain so dense that it would be buried out of clouds .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we crossed the 20 tons of rock .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the dish would move directly from the ground up to the ceiling and out of the box .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objects and motion objects .
I found a brilliant Asian engineer who was planning for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepp .
He helped me solve two really big problems : insure the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t make it my own way , because the fireman did not know America .
So I connected to a tumor manufacturer , identified the different types of battles and figured out how to survive .
There was no language of software that translated that traditional manual manufacturing technique into a machine .
We had to create like this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 150-square-foot network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and undesirable symbol .
Now it was a perceived space .
Think about it for the first time .
As I watched the wind game , I was struggling to be underneath the surface and at the same time to be connected to the unknown .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is a historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that in order to shape it , the scale needed to be more subtle than the Web .
So we tried to get some running water around with the particles that were boiled up , and we also found that people could interact with this material and walk through it without releasing it .
This is a classic material that I &apos;m using to visualize the tracks of the trains in the subway , at the moment of the process , as if the retina &apos;s living system was a radioactive image of the city .
The next challenge was to look at the Library of North and South America in Denver , and they asked me if I could imagine the interconnection of 35 West Bank countries across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I heard about the earthquake and tsunami in China , which has flooded the Pacific .
It had moved the tectonic ships of the earth to accelerate the tectonic shipment of the planet and literally double the season .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the tuning data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a steel plate like I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the coal with a steel mill , a steel mill , 15 times a wall .
The classroom would now be fully dry and thin enough to be able to withstand the building , become part of the building of the city .
There was no computer program that thought this complicated network would interpret patterns and model strength .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call in New York City , asking for this idea to confirm Thomas Skerner or Helen .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that climb to the top of the surface .
Although many cities aren &apos;t yet funded , I dream of taking these fences where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional form and entertainment .
So now I &apos;m combining them with technology and engineering projects to create a tangible , disruptive , forms that reach the top of the building .
My creative spirit goes up .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a fellow in finance .
In law school , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and he &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; You know , let &apos;s put them under the table .
These people who were trafficked by the convictions of the Palestinian police were now veiled by their stranger , and they were looking at creation , images of transformation of shame and beautifully reflected the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on a horizontal network .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate from one another .
Perfect . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information , in terms of energy , flow through all of our senses at the same time , is diffused in this gigantic region , which is what it looks like today , and the current state of mind and how it feels and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right sharing consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are complete and beautiful .
My left-hand corner , our left-hand corner , is something different .
Our left-hand corner is thinking linear and metaphorically .
And the one on the left is thinking about language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt a little more in my body . Imagine that .
