By the time you &apos;re older , about a billion people on this planet will be actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pointing idea somewhere , I think it has some profound effects , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
This is what got me thinking about this : this was a blog written earlier this year by Dr. Miller , who was a professor of science and technology , who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they were going to write like this and then stamp after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Here I have died , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I first asked myself that when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and that activated website would be activated . &quot; &quot; Because Michael was a journalist , his brain was probably better written and more consciously designed , but in fact , all of us create a machine that &apos;s completely different from what &apos;s ever been edited before .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Now , in 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million numbers are written every day .
The average Facebook user makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best thing they do is they have a set of photographs and economic videos , or a set of shelves .
And today , we all create this incredible rich digital campaign that will stay upright for many years after we die .
I think this is going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technology .
To be clear , I &apos;m a writer and not a technologist , and now I want to illustrate a picture of what the present and the future will look like .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what happens to our network professors and social media outcomes after we die .
One of them , I found myself pretty good at putting on Foursquare-feet in a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
Death : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you everywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : Assemble ifie.net , not too late .
( Laughter ) AO : It &apos;s a little bit shocking , right ?
It allows you to create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones online , with videos , with postcards , with photos and stories that can appear after you die .
But what happens in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Row , who showed last month that he could have analyzed more than 90,000 hours of economic video .
In order for machines to understand human language and build huge amounts of data , it &apos;s possible to analyze a lifetime of abundance , numbers , images , images , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think some time later our digital personalities will be able to communicate with the real world much later than we die because of the full content that we create , and because of technology , we have the ability to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you write to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , outcomes can be very happy .
You can imagine what that would look like in five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our technology skills .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots could communicate with the characteristics of a certain species based on the accountability of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being generates in its lifetime ?
Finally , let &apos;s go back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election , in the United States , when the CNN column of hi-hop music was exhibited in their studio with Andron Cooper .
What if we could use these technologies to present our loved ones in our living rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is possible because the benefits of the data that we &apos;re using and the opportunities for technology to understand them are spreading virally .
Now , in closing , I &apos;d say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to get people to pay attention to the environment .
... pay attention to Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we do .
HE : One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) In general , we can leave this piece up — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Western technology ...
Oh , I &apos;ll run out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what happened to her .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the factories , the source .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something worldwide , something real and real .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick , wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first virus on the computer .
When you keep on programming , the puzzle of the puzzle goes down , it says here , &quot; &quot; 0600KO78RUS . &quot; &quot; The code underneath the code .
As a sign . This is not used in any way .
Study it by trying to understand the meaning .
By the way , I started looking for Google .
But hey , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them indicated that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Sanskrit .
Citizen code : You can find this in certain phones , in cars .
I tried to connect with the number of captains and so forth .
And we finally discovered this WEB website , and this guy , he worked for a couple of years .
On the Web , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog he writes about his life .
In part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , he &apos;s about his age , his friend — and he &apos;s got a very nice car .
This guy is actually practicing .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 rupees . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know about this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was a victim .
In the center of Shanghai .
He &apos;d rented another machine . And he &apos;d publish his blog .
( Laughter ) Here &apos;s his marketing . Here &apos;s Ladida Somara , who &apos;s kidnapped . You can see the Chief Justice in the United States .
It ends with 78RUS if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The work broke . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What happens if the crime slows down ? In many cases , the work doesn &apos;t go so well ?
The vast majority of treatments .
We don &apos;t know where the relationship comes from .
There &apos;s a lot of hype . There &apos;s no police in the text .
There &apos;s not going to be enough evidence . I would like everything to be easier .
But unfortunately , that &apos;s not the case .
It changes very fast . You &apos;ve probably heard of Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what they built . This is Siemens S7-400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
This is what controls all around us .
PLCs , small books , don &apos;t have the screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the top of this building .
They actually control one of these . And if Stuxnet acts on one of these ,
Then there &apos;s the global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math factory , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work .
From the Internet , like electricity , obviously , we depend on computers , and it really creates .
We need to work somehow .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will . ( Laughter )
Education therefore assumes that we can work when things are not there , that things are not there , really are incredibly important .
Think about storage , think about everything that matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s in your head .
If one day you don &apos;t have them for anything , I find beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
I &apos;m going to tell you about that . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything , and we need to do it together .
And now we &apos;re going to do it .
We &apos;re going to find these organized groups that are counting millions of compounds , and this is more important than propaganda .
Creating programs or web publishing .
It &apos;s about discovering the people who are standing there , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are on the way to becoming criminals , but haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this : it only takes you two minutes to change your body position .
But before I do that , I would ask you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How few of you ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s gone . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We all love body language , and we love body language .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the subjects that occur during the intersection , the untouchable silences , the world-class appearances , or do things with the naked eye , all the way down to the simple handshake .
Singapore . Here they go .
Even in BBC and New York Times .
It &apos;s also that when we think about non-verbal values or gestures , our social psychologists call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make false beliefs about justice .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the critical conditions of life , such as either in the job or in the long run or in the long run .
For instance , a researcher at the University of Texas found that when people watch a special treatment for 30 seconds , when they watch a patient and the patient &apos;s real interaction , their doctor &apos;s favorite way of saying , &quot; Would you give that doctor a judge ? &quot;
So they have to be used cleverly , right ?
Our minds , our emotions and our organs all the time .
So what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high school business school , and it was unpredictable that I would start to get interested in the dynamics of power .
I was particularly struck by the unfulfilled notions of power and generosity .
You think , what are the mechanisms of forces and superpower ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically rewarding medium .
The animal gets bigger and bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about making space bigger .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
In our hands , it &apos;s up to us , in our pockets , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When our faces are strengthful and self-confident , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements in the audience , and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They work in almost two places .
While others are dying , as soon as the audience comes in , you see it .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more frequently than men .
They are always less likely to compare themselves to men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve seen that too .
It &apos;s particularly important for business administrators , because value is very limited in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to solve this gene for a long time .
I started craving , for example , university adopts these people who participate in classrooms .
There are ideas to suggest that , yes .
For example , we smell when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to smell the baker with teeth like this , we get a little more happy .
It works on the side . It works on the side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether our consciousness causes us to change the body &apos;s behavior , but can we change the body &apos;s behavior ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why is it different from drugs and leaves ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are often more sensitive , more self-confident , more optimistic .
They really think the winning is going to come out , even when it comes to chance .
So the differences are very , very often in danger .
But actually , it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not . You would like to have one .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least , and that changes in actions can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new view of what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , invisible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stop .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You fall , you fall .
Be careful .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of testosterone analysis .
Just two minutes and these results are like this .
And here &apos;s what happened to the corruption .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
In addition , our bodies influence our consciousness .
We think we can use this kind of capacity when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It goes on and on for five minutes .
Within five minutes there &apos;s no face exposure , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is this .
And then the experts saw four videos .
They have no concept of the hypothesis or experiment conditions .
The emotions of adolescence were important during that conversation .
It was just how people presented themselves .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s helped people make decisions .
I give them the pleasure of shape as they get .
In response , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a rabbi .
When I was 19 , I was on an airplane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The artery came into the brain region during recovery .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college , and I was trying to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not finished college .
I &apos;m self-aware .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to five-year college .
I didn &apos;t feel that , and he did , and I understood his life .
It can form until it &apos;s done .
It had changed .
So I want to tell you one way before you get there .
Imagine that long before you become it , you want me .
Do that for so long , until it &apos;s part of you .
Last I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
It &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your stress response , lower your heart rate .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been demonstrated .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrorism , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did that .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from learning .
One billion people are out of clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million people die of AIDS .
And this signal is continuous .
Two billion people are threatened by climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but we can &apos;t do it now .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , we have to ask ourselves , and so this is a problem in economic terms , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do it all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem solving first ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend on this ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;ll just briefly read them : climate change , aging disease , conflict , education , financial independence , government and corruption , transportation , transportation , transportation , housing and water , and supermarkets and external operations .
We think that text represents the world &apos;s worst problems .
The obvious question that comes up is , what do you think is the most important thing ?
Where should we begin to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
That was the most important question that was raised in June of Doc .
Of course , it &apos;s not true that people have to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
What &apos;s important is not the overproduction of problems , but the overproduction of problems .
Then you &apos;ll get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change should be solved according to the Citizen reaction .
Patients must be solved by networks of patients and adults .
Companies use U.N. empowerment and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible personality — write what you think about the main characters .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity up there — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should be at the end of the show ?
I suggest , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbor , and just mention that there must be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s greatest problems , and some minority .
This is an amazing part of the process , and of course I mean , I would love — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a large part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure you &apos;ll have these discussions going on , so please think about , how do we actually define translation ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why has never had such a show ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be the first one .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so much more symbols that the first one doesn &apos;t show you is perfectly clear that we don &apos;t want to create a show like that .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never made a fundamental picture of all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a generation , any kind of generosity , and of course we &apos;re going to keep making the progress in a second , but in an incomplete way , it would be harder if we actually did it in the definition of authority and checked it and talked about it .
So I propose that we actually say for a long time that we have had a variety of choices .
We could do lots and lots of things , but we didn &apos;t know the number , we didn &apos;t know the number .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to a restaurant and giving you a big room , but you didn &apos;t know anything about grass .
For instance , you would ask him if he was going to go .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family issue . It can be a very small issue , right ?
You &apos;d like to know that .
And that &apos;s what the Copenhagen is trying to do , trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And this is what Cooper Convention did .
We brought together 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in each field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world wrote about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it take ? And what would it take ?
Similarly with infectious diseases .
The top three scientists in the world are saying , what can we do ?
What would it be like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most popular economists , eight of the top economists in the world , including three Nobel Prize winners in Copenhagen in March of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The University of Cambridge made a wonderful decision to call them Rel Maxed of economics .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their work was basically a series of generations .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m very happy to ask that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two attacks are , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do first and what to follow .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;ll talk more about it over time .
They basically encountered a show where there are bad projects , meaning that there are projects where a dollar investment makes a much lower income .
There is medium , good and very good projects .
And of course , we need to start right here with doing some very good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see , climate change is at the very end of the spectrum .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the things people will say , I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I want to talk about that because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to come back to this question , because it &apos;s one of the questions where we will have disagreement with your measurements .
Why is it that Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad predisposition , simply because it &apos;s very inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do about this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the middle instructions of the eco-economic model , which is the Citizen Project , if everybody agrees with it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the developing countries of the Third World to the developing countries .
However , it will be very little useful .
For all models , it will follow global warming by 2100 in just six years .
That is , a boy in Bangladesh who stands at risk of 2100 might wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money to get some outcomes .
As a comparison , the United Nations actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can make sure everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , sanitation with the basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice more money and do something very positive ?
Or perhaps in the middle of that money doing incredibly good things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
That means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only programs you have meant that I &apos;m not going to take all the numbers — infectious diseases , primary health services — despite a little bit higher in this desire , because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , this gives us that we suddenly stand on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good projects , lots of scenarios and water are going forward .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So here I want to show you the four generations that have to solve world problems in the first generation of projects .
The fourth best program is marketing — marketing against malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria a year .
Court can even make up percentage points in the U.S.
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can scale this number up .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risk of getting one billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their ability to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the long-term , global warming problem .
The third is openness .
The common model , if we can reach the bottom and particularly lower suicide in the United States and the United States , we can recreate the global economy at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half the world &apos;s third largest number .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three million people out of poverty very quickly , in about two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the problem of overproduction .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very important tools to solve the food problem , particularly in the micro-range .
About half of the world &apos;s population is suffering from Taiwan , China , Yoda and Vietnam A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can eliminate 28 million new cases of savings .
Again , how this is going to work and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment , and the second is stopping the disease .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we don &apos;t do anything , or we don &apos;t do well , we should probably ask where we put the first one .
And therapy is much cheaper than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do a lot more by investing in aging .
With the money we spend , we can do good things with treating the X number and making things 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our generations .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , are you right to organize it ?
Or have you come to the desire that you have here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I saw a lot of people who didn &apos;t think this was a very primitive solution .
We need to work on climate change , of course , just to make sure that this is a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
The problems where we can change a lot , not just a few .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of our team members of our dream — it &apos;s very good to shape ...
People forget that 100 years from now , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most tropical predictions of the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be two to four times richer than us .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people or helping the population of Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Stalin said , imagine you &apos;re rich enough to have a surprise , say a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a Japanese , or a Congolese character , 2100 , and you think about it in 2005 and say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it is that they were so nervous that they helped me deal with climate change a little bit , and they didn &apos;t care about my grandmother
It doesn &apos;t even correspond to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; After Winter . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in terms of whether I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect Emory to pick the Brad Pitt to his next movie in Tanzania to pick up a snake painting or something . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s not just that silly movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copenhagen Convention and the whole discussion of farming are facing a very challenging problem .
So we can realize that this is not for us to feel good .
And not to make the media landscape as a matter of fact , but to create a foundation for making better action .
The next thing I think is really important to mention , is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re going to make a no-go choice .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything but we don &apos;t .
In 1970s , developing countries decided we needed to spend twice as much on developing countries as we did in 1970 .
Since then , our aid has grown exponentially .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re on the way to solving all the big problems all the time .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Burke about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that , if you have another 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best generations .
I &apos;ll just give you a quick example : do we really have the right output ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will end up expecting an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have stupid ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English in university and in English .
Most of them were in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly go out of the polling stations , and they did so , and they proposed their own statements .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : problems of depression and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did the same thing over and over again .
A lot of other ceremonies were organized and a lot of students were coming .
They basically encountered the same symbol .
And that made me really hopeful , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again I say we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we &apos;re hoping to get more people together and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Plan the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do the work that gives you zero cost , not the things that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve enormous amounts of good outcomes , and right now . &quot; &quot; At the end , you may not agree on how we define these generations , but we have to be free to say that if there are things we do and we don &apos;t
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start to worry about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define generations and think about how to help the world better .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college student , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Red Eland , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , and so we picked a road that was crossing the border guards and the national department , so to speak , we picked as far as we could .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see on the road all the time ? &quot;
My friend looks at me crazy .
The one on the front is perfectly fine .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues we see that the Chinese hieroglyphs are portrayed on . &quot; &quot; He keeps staring at me for a couple of seconds , and he starts laughing because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese hero for the granny cloud . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look a lot like this — why we sometimes misrepresent the signals around us and how we do things when it happens and what it says about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent my past five years trying to be wrong .
You may be surprised that I &apos;m going to go on this strange career path , but actually I have a huge advantage over competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least refused to think that we might be wrong .
We &apos;re really good at this .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human species , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when the heat comes to me , right now , all of the consensus that I have , at this point in time , is that theoretically false belief , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m missing .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we go back to the present , we vote for elections , we vote for present .
In fact , we all live our lives , enclosed in a small bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our private and professional lives , and for all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk about , first of all , why we are trapped in the consensus of our own rights .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it will be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative step that you can do .
Why are we embedded in a sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Screw . Very bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different question .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heroes .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a small-scale farmer is always present , but can never reach a bird .
And in almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird rolls down the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the mirror is running behind her .
And that &apos;s fun , but when you &apos;re six years old , that &apos;s not a problem .
She keeps running , until the moment she stares down and realizes she &apos;s in the air .
At the same time , he &apos;s moving .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t really understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little bit further .
To be wrong is something like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , that makes us insist on our own egos .
I call it false vacations .
In most drugs , we don &apos;t have any internal signal that will tell us we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason that makes us insist on the right to always be right , and that applies to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in a classroom , and your teacher is distributing the exams , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a name , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you know exactly what you think of the child who wrote that survey .
She &apos;s stupid , she &apos;s volunteering , she never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are unaccountable , and second of all , that the capacity to achieve success is greater than mistakes .
We &apos;re learning very well .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are afraid of the idea that we should be perfect teachers , professors , heroes .
I always say , &quot; &quot; Clean , athletic , &quot; &quot; right ?
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are CEOs and actors and accountants .
Very good .
But then we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is surgery .
He gets stressed out , the surgeon does his job , puts the painting and puts the patient in his room , covering .
Everything looks good .
The woman comes rushing , looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why does my body get so wrong in the way ? &quot; &quot; And her wrong side is because the surgeon has surgered her left arm rather than the first one .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a talk about accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was convinced that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something can be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all often have is that trustworthy committees are not true of what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the possibility that we can fail , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million light bulbs or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to feel right .
That means that you , your beliefs , are totally out of place .
And when you think that way , the problem is how do you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypotheses .
First of all , when someone says they disagree , we just assume they &apos;re invisible .
She doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give her that information , she will see the truth and join the number of colleagues .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they think differently , we make our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have a full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right statement .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts as we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they blame it for their inappropriate purpose .
So this is terrible .
To be true , our commitment to preventing us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our brains are like a retina wall , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look out of the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very heavy .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can think of ourselves as another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and this and this .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Austin , thinking and writing this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
What Justin realized was that our ability to fail is not a metaphor in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally informs us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re trying to find the answer .
I think that the search for that planet is the source of efficiency and creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of the radio waves call this American Life .
I heard and heard , and at some point , I began to think that all stories were about to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; Which is actually true .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Ivan Glass , who is communicating with him .
I suggested to her , and she said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Ivan Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , those moments of surprise and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and our readers , they allow those stories .
We love unexpected changes in medicine , disruptive attacks and temporary relationships .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think there &apos;s something going to happen , but there &apos;s something else going on .
George Bush thought he was going to get in Iraq , he was going to find a massive destruction , he was going to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the violation of Egypt throughout his whole life , until he or she will become so old or sick and transmit power to his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and raise kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing a very compelling book , something that everyone was giving to a small group of people , that would never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if that &apos;s bad , but we make all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world shocks us .
Remember , this conference is an incredible notion of our ability to be wrong .
We spend a week talking about innovation and innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation , innovation and improvement ?
Because half of it , all the wonderful things that have to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
There &apos;s another conference .
This conference , as you &apos;ve already heard thousands of times , is about the magic .
I think if you really want to discover the miracle , you have to go out of this tiny space of your own right , look at each other , look at the boundaries of the universe , complexity and decoration , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee found himself in a hotel in Manhattan and killed Mary Cain , the Chief of Liberia Security .
Noah originally considered immense murder , but at the same time , spending time on small remittances , he and other people began to set assignments in dozens of New York cities including the tsunami , the synagogues and the U.N.
Fortunately , those plans were detected by an FBI agent .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the Middle East didn &apos;t respond .
Zero was ultimately sentenced to intervention .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 , with Egyptian engineers and a loving American mother and teacher who were working together to create a joyful childhood for me .
It started when I was seven years old , our family dynamically changed .
My father introduced me to Islam , which even a lot of Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with themselves , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same thing in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the tools to get other people to live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained that on the previous day of Hurricane , he and his friends went to London to get repeated .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We went to Calcutta , which was run by the FBI without our knowledge .
My father helped me keep my eyes on the prize , and he explained how to treat the prize for about 30 nerves .
That day , my last flashlight , the one on the top of the faucet , was shining a little bit of light , and , lo and behold , everybody , especially me , the whole flag had broken .
My brother looked at other men and said , &quot; &quot; Oh , my God . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a father .
They all laughed at that punch card , but after a couple of years I totally figured out what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
These guys , eventually , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of suicide bombs to put a minibus on the World Trade Center subway stations at the North Pole , which killed six men and about 1,000 people .
These were the people I tracked .
These were people I &apos;d call marriages , which means marriage .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood did not allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to gather and move another city .
As a new face of the classroom , I was always attempted to handle .
I would hide my own way into the classroom to not be a doctor , but it turns out that being a brave new kid was more advanced in the classroom .
So most of the time I spent my time at home reading books and watching television or video games .
That &apos;s why I had a social skill set , and growing up in a planetary family , I was not ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by short-term measures such as human race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life that asked this question occurred in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Youth Convention in College Project .
My group was focused on juvenile violence , and spending a lot of my life as a guide to handle , which was something I was more interested in .
The members of our group reflected on different aspects of life .
At the end of the day , I found out that one of the kids that I was with was Jewish .
It took a couple of days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt proud that I could win the choir that I almost had believed was impossible .
There was another environmental fact that came when I found a summer job in Budrus , in the area of entertainment .
There , I would submit to people of different faith and cultures , and that experience has resulted in my development of nature .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more simply , all marshmallows had a radical effect .
This summer enabled me to work with drug users , and soon I realized that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a hand , I have developed a sense of compassion for others , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like to be treated .
Because of that feeling , I was able to confront myself as a young kid with real-life experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something that is beyond my strength .
And then there was &quot; &quot; Clean . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stuart had forced me to be clearly liberated from my own journey , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual assault has nothing to do with the human nature .
He had a long time to model for me when I needed it .
Vision can very often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a famous comic strike has a more positive impact on my world than my own parenting father , which he never lost .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I would keep in my heart till I was alive .
He looked me in the eyes of an eye that would have someone with enough depression to live their whole life , and he said , &quot; &quot; Wow .
At that point , I understood how much radical energy it takes to keep all that energy in the middle .
Zero Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this in the hope that maybe one day , someone who is supposed to use violence can listen to my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was supposed to be attacked by this violence , the inevitable idea , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do this for the warriors of terrorism and their loved ones , for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
For the veterans of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about this nonsense action and sharing my father &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not separate from religion or race , and that it does not have to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
The imagination represents what they &apos;re looking for .
&quot; &quot; Me &quot; &quot; matters .
I want to know the people who stand after my lunch .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re looking for it .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping their water supplies to make their lives .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of the textbooks from consumer goods to our ecosystem to be able to rebuild our ecosystem .
It allows us to frame the bills that we &apos;re happy with .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative habits .
If repairability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
A sustainable neighborhood allows a developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and explore the ocean .
It &apos;s a more humane , more efficient way to understand our environment .
The guidelines , the standard tools for many in the world , are very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , all sorts of crops .
Compassion is very easy , buy your jewelry , stay out of bed , think again before you go to bed .
But I think it &apos;s not enough just to eat the vegetables .
We can &apos;t keep making it happen if we measure success in terms of the kinds of symbols that are involved in yellow and blue .
But what if we eat just the vegetables ?
Here &apos;s a piece of cardboard thanksgiving , sort of dangerous thumb .
A card with a knife and a knife .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the green line , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I have a 450 check .
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but not me , not you and I don &apos;t like the ocean .
And my point is that we need to have a spectrum , a limitation of our actions .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , the nitrogen dioxide and minerals are helpful to the heart .
Great . I love the red line .
I &apos;m going to squeeze so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , so how long will you tell me that I have a problem ?
My parents , we have a predictable problem .
We &apos;ve lost a sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The problem is that we conceive of that value under an elevator .
We hide that value under the awkwardness of the octahedron .
And we hide that value under the income of winning .
So the bottom line is , it matters what we need .
The top note articles can be represented not by Joey , not by Philips or by Gordon , but by Goly Graham Gaines .
Seriously , they can save the ocean .
Sylvia likes to say that blue is a new gift .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that Brooklyn can be a new blue .
We have to keep eating the best meals if we eat them all .
But we have to eat it with a lot of vegetables .
Perhaps the best part of transcendence is it comes in half a joke , a bunch of jokes with pixels and pixels .
It &apos;s a 142-gram pipe filled with Dijon bag and sausage , made of cast iron pieces and quinoa filled with cold , soft , crispy broccoli , a little bit of coal and covered with a Japanese broccoli .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jay Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating now .
Silicon Valley is fighting to protect our oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Remove the Mediterranean . We have to fear the bakery .
We destroyed the Earth , and then we started using the food we produce by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Poverty is something , but fat is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movements recently to stop our food .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walers systematically lead the Green Food Revolution .
But the green food always presents a shelter that feels the food responsibility .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean we have to pay attention to it in our mouth .
There &apos;s a little hunter in the environment .
We can build them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a trophic cascade designed for unsustainable food .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
While we &apos;re reducing public policies , the media are trying to increase the use of force .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , fathers , mothers and fathers can give birth to even more babies if we include more .
That &apos;s the part that I don &apos;t want to get rid of .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our grandparents .
As a quick coach , I realize that the easiest thing for me is minimizing metaphors .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they weren &apos;t going to get killed .
People spent more time eating and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less blunt .
They got more calories because of diverse food .
They got healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach was shown in every dimension , but it was also shown in the human shape .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply various forms of representation — small languages , squares , anarchs , gangs , soldiers .
The headquarters , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were the common species of allies .
We &apos;re adding the skeletons to more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding variations .
This is what we need to estimate .
This is what the green line says .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big headlines , those models , those green wants that I talked about earlier .
Well , if necessary , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very much like any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram .
Take the fish . Take the fish four .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four lanes with a marshmallow , and then open up the very best building you have , take the grubs and drink them .
Let &apos;s give this a food opportunity .
Welcome to your friends and neighbors and repeat the year , maybe once a year .
I have a lot of food .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think producing ingredients , cooking and food are a part of human interest .
My blessing came to me that my father was a great cook .
And I was taught very early on the benefits of eating .
I remember my childhood food very well .
They included a whole suitcase of suicide , and they were trained with a lot of sugar and a little bit of oxygen , usually with a brown sugar .
That &apos;s what I normally eat today .
I &apos;m sick when I go to a fishing restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a spectrum .
It &apos;s terrible .
But the most horrible thing you &apos;ll hear about the situation of our oceans , I was asked to tell you , perhaps the biggest burden of all time is , at this time , your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
So to be clear , I &apos;m looking for useful components that are useful for my body .
Luckily , I &apos;m looking for short and slow things that I don &apos;t think I &apos;ll smile .
For my family , I look for compounds that are born before my own story .
And for the community , we start from the bottom .
This idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn more about what that effect is and then step one to reduce it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than our resource boundary , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to dive , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We have to eat potatoes .
We need to eat small portraits of beef .
And we have to save the fun .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I want to tell you my story of how it became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , Sing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 46664 Foundation for Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when Robbins were arrested .
Here I am with Jesus United States , one of the most devastating moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited to Robbie King , to McDonald &apos;s , where he was going to spend the computer in front of the world champagne , standing beside his previous prison camp .
And here you see the window plays .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Mandela found himself in the world that there was a real disappointment in her country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in this segregation , and that there were more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t even realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic has this dynamic effect on women .
So I worked , when I left South Africa , when I left Cambridge , I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the following year , I went into every 464 organization that I was present to . I saw Mamluk Moussaoussaouts , the question , using my advantage as a musician to push me out of my desk and to push the boundaries of Malala into their own desert .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela — everyone in the world — Nelson Mandela .
But does everyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa , in their country , a country with the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what was happening there , they &apos;ll just go bother .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet Acumen , which is the foundation of the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of an incredible piece of transportation and activist .
I met her in one of the 4664 mediums .
He was wearing this kind of potato sauce that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is a tool . It tells you that I am in partnership with people who are HIV positive , people who live with HIV .
And so because this restaurant is kind of like a joke , and I &apos;m wearing it and I &apos;m like , &quot; Yeah , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became the head of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this amazing company .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They &apos;re giant aid to people who live just after the camp .
They have education programs .
They are answering questions associated with the dilemma of anger .
The act of kindness is really quite profound .
And yes , my Song propaganda supports the Treatment Action Campaign by trying to raise the level of free HIV / AIDS relief and raise money for recent years .
Most of the funding that I managed to get me went straight to the Treatment Action Campaign and lobbied for the unimaginable work that they do and continue to do in South Africa .
So this is my song poster .
In Singapore , I am basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a loan of money , and I &apos;m already singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yosembourg , I was able to play a predatory , mediocre , inter-African audience who finally started disappointing , because I use a mini film that really deals with the heart of this terrible abundance and its whole nature that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to forget because they &apos;re motivated and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
Aaron Molloyne , the head of modern health , was also present in this network , and I was able to meet him , and he was instantly able to make reforms in that area that are so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
Then I became the IMF consultant in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of HIV / AIDS .
Here &apos;s a woman in Edinburgh with the children of the great African National Church community I just stored .
And that &apos;s when so many of these children are already HIV positive .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden — he &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And the big surprise for me was that Michael invited me just a few months ago to become the UNAIDS threat against HIV .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech-to-text ratio .
The message that UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard right now is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS transmission from mother to baby to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be achieved with the support of political factors .
This is possible .
And here I am with a woman who is near HIV positive , and we beat , we both hate , because we are very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be repaired so she can take care of the child who is going to bring out the world .
And her baby &apos;s going to get HIV from mother to child transmission , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of the virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to meet the lives of HIV epidemics .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here &apos;s Evelyn . She &apos;s with me everywhere I go .
I tell everybody his story because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been diagnosed with HIV .
Ebola &apos;s mother was infected with HIV . She died of AIDS .
Alia was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than one year-old .
In that part of her life , she was already diagnosed with HIV , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kipton , and we spent a full afternoon , just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and nurses were simply not seen .
They built a special feedback loop for a girl who was following and taking care of her .
And at the time of the hospital , we didn &apos;t know — because we filmed his story — whether he would win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional interaction that allowed us to remember , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I swear . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This distribution of events is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have that transformation .
So I want to encourage each of you to consider each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has the right to get nutritious and effective health care , and you believe that the Global Goals of the United States are particularly the fifth and third-party parts of the world , which all governments in the world need to do , especially in the world , to ask : Would you please
I think it &apos;s fair to say that almost everybody in the room will stop .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Poverty is a wonderful way to go a step further than reality , and it allows you today to apply what science will do at the dawn of creation .
As a biologist , I assemble the elements of curiosity and science in order for you to feel for yourself the application of technology to the future .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You take the street , and the world you see is increasing information — names , priests , buildings , maybe one day even with the name of the street .
Here &apos;s my mental statement .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the prison , you &apos;re scanning a Kibera brain .
Now let me show you what I mean .
We need just toys . We need no toys .
This is it . Let &apos;s say we know next time we see it .
Very good . Very important point .
Let &apos;s put it in cities , in the middle , somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The system is ready . The pixels move .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s made up of four different symbols : love , green , gold and gold .
The newspapers are one of the best editors to edit in different ways .
Now some people think four numbers represent four times a year .
E : Fold , tweet , tweet , and ... Voice : My favorite meaning is noise . MT : Yes , yes .
Death is like magic . It &apos;s refrigeration when heat becomes like ice , water is like blood , and then everything disappears .
Each one has 13 playwaves . ( Music ) Voice : Each piece of paper represents 13 daylight bulbs .
MT : So here &apos;s the data , the process , and the light in the middle .
Voice : Louis is one of the most powerful actors in the world .
MT : There are two colors in the toy .
Here &apos;s the color and texture that govern the overnight and the transfer of grass .
Voice : Mark , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MM : And is that a pizza that has 52 sticks , like 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of laws per year , the number of laws that are generated between the ages of birth .
Keep your eyes on the prize . ( Beep ) Voice : Stop , don &apos;t be real anymore .
MT : By the way , I was born at the age of six , that I had given my first players , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , bringing happiness to men and girls , men and women , husbands and their daughters , and even to the blogs and the jokes . ( Applause ) Except , who are these ? MM : Yeah , they make inequality . You
Sorry .
Girl : Hey . MT : Are you ready for that ?
Girl : I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Girl : I &apos;m going to take my appendix out .
MT : Hi . Jack . Hi , hi , hi . ( Music ) MM : But today I represent another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Suddenly the toy is discovered . MM : Sometimes people ask , &quot; How can we grow ? How should we work at 9- to 5 ? &quot;
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean the word 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
It &apos;s a bit counterintuitive , but of course it &apos;s all operational . Some people say it &apos;s superficial . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just answered , no , no .
Indeed , there &apos;s no such thing as &quot; &quot; just , &quot; &quot; in Germany . ( Laughter ) Actually , the truth is not so intelligent . Although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , which is how you allocate the cards with the money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good difference .
It &apos;s probably from 4165 to 1 .
MT : Yes , but I think my cartoonists are better . It &apos;s great to win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true : MT : So I &apos;m staying close to the last and most important playground for the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it &apos;s not important to operate , so no . Voice : Maps are found .
TM : That &apos;s true anyway .
MT : Hi . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things during the 30-year challenge .
This is part of the challenge of taking a picture every day .
I &apos;d never been that strong .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I had a good education in school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to find students — the lives of the elderly , the youth and the road map .
When I was growing up , I was actually very nervous , unsafe and totally feared — feared people , from the future , failure , and the judgment that I experienced in me .
I , finishing my semester , I would go home and start singing , singing with my couch , just like I did when I heard a sound that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , no one was there , but the simplicity of the observation and the resistance .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reproducing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t different , it wasn &apos;t different , and even a while later , it was strangely shocking and hopeful , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound changed , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A kind of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was convinced that something wasn &apos;t true .
I told my doctor at the beginning of the university .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre ritual .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and at a conference with the psychiatrist , who was too late , said , &quot; &quot; Hi , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow faster .
I started with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the best part was that I was diagnosed with a tremendous amount of hopelessness and awareness about myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that sound as not an experience , but as a sympathetic , fear is something that &apos;s more robust to address it .
It was at that time , essentially , representing my own mind at the time in relation to the status quo — a kind of political battle — and this caused a lot of the sounds that would go into being abstract and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a struggle of fear , hatred , insecurity and uncertainty , and it was a struggle where I felt empowered and unable to achieve a level of peace and intelligence .
Two years later , the trial was commercial .
Until now , I had a full-time replica of horrible sounds , unfamiliar videos , odd and consistent images .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died while someone was saving .
One broken and divided man began this journey , but the man who perhaps came was saved and ultimately became the person I was privileged to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories of people helping me .
I know Elizabeth would have won his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother is in bed , but the summer is coming at the end . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not going to count all the brave and courageous people who fought for me and who were waiting for me to come back from this conflict , from one place alone .
It was very hard to believe in the beginning , because the sounds were so subtle and ominous , so the first important step in this way was to learn metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as verbal truth .
For example , the sounds that were murdered at my house , I learned to compose as my own idea of fear and insecurity in the world , not as a real threat .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , sitting next to my parents one night in the room to protect them from the sounds that I thought were real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; Do one final thing . &quot;
Do you know I have plastic bags ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By measuring this , I was recently collecting the details of my stored self , every single detector that was expressed , specifically replacing myself from all medications , only this time from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of the Internet , being part of the international organizational movement of the listener , a prejudice that came from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandy Echers , who &apos;s listening to sounds like the survival strategy , in normal reaction , rather than the symphony of symphony , which has to be part of the work of Professor Mary Rumi and Dr. Sandy Esc@@
This kind of society isn &apos;t just possible ; it &apos;s a way of evolving .
In other words , if social change happens , it becomes possible .
You can &apos;t get a person who is proud .
You cannot deny the people who are no longer afraid .
Over the last 20 years , hearing aids have created a network movement in the 26 countries that are sitting in five continents , and together bringing together value , unification and rights to people with mental disorders in order to create new language and hope that represents individual trust and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s the essence of the human being that is required with a basic ability to treat and use this basic ability with a mind .
In this sense , there is no greater leverage to society than to facilitate the treatment of the patient to see , to engage with aid , to share patient suffering and to hope for their health .
We are victims . We are inevitable .
What &apos;s within us is never really a culture , a change or a distance .
The lights never go out .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; I wonder what other people have said about you . &quot;
You bet on yourself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show you my pictures .
But is this a picture ?
Of course , these are the images you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photographer at the age of 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity to draw earlier , but this was a little bit different , because in the case of the photo array , the process is in much more formal planning .
When you take a picture with a poster , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me photography means being in the right place at the right time .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break a button .
Here are images like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these pictures , both stones and colors , but they all have a common goal to keep track of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopies .
Because , of course , images like this can &apos;t really be done , but I always want them to look like they might have been done somehow .
Pictures that need a little bit of thought to discover the potential .
And this has been an idea worth spreading , rather than a moment ago .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors the main ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes the distance is the product .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and how we call it reality at scale .
This is not all reality , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as the pixels of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them together to make a different reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they can create something that is dimensional again , as if it were possible .
But at the same time , we know that this is impossible .
So we treat our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in relation to photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to calculate this , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow to make the reality come out .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
First rule is : you have to draw the same sentence .
Secondly , the combined photos need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to both rules , and they &apos;re made from the same height and the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s not possible to differentiate where it starts and ends up with a single image without the distributed .
You have to discover any idea about drawing .
Comparing the colors , the concentration and the light between the boundaries of different images , adding the photo details , such as the depth , cutting the colors and amplifying the digital noise , we cover the differences between the different images and the same image , even though a single image can have hundreds of versions .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s just the bottom .
But in fact , this picture is completely composed of all the different places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like this , because in that case you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew I had a couple of months to prepare , and I found several parameters in this photo .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
It &apos;s taken from elsewhere .
The fraction of George was shot in a rock .
And one of the things I &apos;ll do is I &apos;ll rotate the house a little bit so it &apos;ll look a little bit more symbolic .
It &apos;s all about planning for success .
I always start with exxis , an idea .
So I start collecting different images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you take a good picture , the result may be quite beautiful and at the same time real .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julia , a brave man .
It turns out that WikiLeaks , your daughter , published more classified documents in the last few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can that be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , can it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media in the world is doing so bad , that a small group of activists are able to communicate more of that kind of information than the remaining monkey in the world combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classical discoverers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we use the most sophisticated secret alone on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to cover the posters , to go through various rights , like Sweden and Bali , to use legal protection .
We store information , we store information , we store it , we store it , we put it in a broad news organization , we provide it , we put it in a format that is sometimes very difficult , when you talk about a vast amount of information , we publish information , and then we protect ourselves from unthinkable rights and political relations .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are right , but actually the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , yeah . We rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we probably ignore it .
( Gunshot ) Crazy shit .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP ; it &apos;s asking what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look at an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Crill .
This was a secret poll taken by the government of Kenya in 2004 after the election .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruling from Daniel Award for 18 years .
He was a great doctor in Kenya .
And when the Kibera power came , through a series of calligraphic forces trying to clean Kenya from Corruption , they launched this campaign about two million pounds into a conversation that was driven .
And then the government posted it and used it as a political solution to Mao Tse-tung , who was the most rich man and still the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the genetic report .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get it right before the election , the national election , in December 28 .
When we published that session , we published it three days after the exhibition that a new president , Kibera , had decided to engage the man who came out to dinner with Daniel Raab Moi , and this conversation was very popular for President Kiribati .
CA : And to cut a long story short , Kenyan talked about this talk , not with positive news , but with nonsense , and you think that it really did have an effect on the outcomes of choice .
JA : There you go . And this is Ghanaian headline , and then it was published in every country in Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And so she talked about it .
And that , within a couple of days , became the reason that Mandela Mandela talked about it .
It went on for 20 days with a Chinese television , the poll changed 10 percent with a genetic test , and changed the result of selection .
CA : Ah , did that change the world ?
JA : Good .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid Airport .
The video is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is — this is a strong pen , I should warn you .
RS : ... the author says , just go home .
I look at your object , well , they have about four digits , mice , mice .
Man is free . Okay . Screw .
I was told when they were lying . Please stand up .
Have sex .
Well , no .
( Audience claps ) Shake . Shake . Shake . ( Audience claps ) Shake .
Hurricane , Buddhist , Buddhist .
We have to move now .
Well , we were also involved in peace .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rose . I bought them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , wait . What happened ?
CC : King of diamonds . Well done . I shrunk them .
CA : What did that influence ?
JA : The influence on those people who worked on it was enormous .
Finally , we sent two warriors to Bach to study the story more detailed .
This is just the first of three requirements that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that sounds like two Ruters too .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters , two little children were killed .
Over 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this introduction became the source of widespread frustration .
What was the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the greatest disagreement of power .
What you see here are guys who walk on the street , and then there &apos;s a 30 mm escalator in the air , and it &apos;s pulling a 30 mm thick of oxygen on everyone , finding the curtain to do that , and killing people in the air .
And there were two authors there that weren &apos;t quite as easy as they were , because that &apos;s their long work .
CA : I mean , the research analysis of the United States , brand Memberg , has been updated , and it &apos;s been recommended that in conversation , there have been 280,000 classified U.S. demographics as well .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve argued that we &apos;ve gotten those calls .
He was installed about five days ago for 150,000 telephones and 50 reports .
We had a phone call from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
The idea is that I was from a well-known adviser .
CA : If you were to get the U.S. digital content on thousands of television programs ...
JA : We would plug them in . ( CA : Yes ? ) CA : There we go . ( CA : How come ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual state of the Arab government looks like , human rights violations in those governments .
If you look at the remote controls , you &apos;ll see what materials there are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why checking the secrets ?
JA : Well the question is , what &apos;s important in the world , what kind of information can be replaced .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations spend an economic time gathering information , it &apos;s a very good indication that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will do a good thing , because the companies that know it best , the farmers in the world know it , spend a lot of money to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the news .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a burden to individuals or indeed , for the vast majority of society , that a talk can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen this before because of our objects .
So we have policies of understanding threat .
We have a unique way of interacting with personal information .
But there &apos;s also the secrets of love — you know , your data after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of love , but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we have that are good at .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what you would say , for instance , to a parent who serves the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone has had a specific attack to publish .
It shows a soldier in the United States who is laughing at people who die .
It leaves the presence — it leaves the presence of millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you handle it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their mindset . It &apos;s not going to change their mindset .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It &apos;s going to change the way people think and think about what they pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think companies and government are secrets of .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t that a surprise that you have to create a secret for yourself to navigate your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vicelicks .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be an alcoholic .
If they appear , the difficult situation will be for us , but we are supposed to act in a way that people are morally committed to keeping our cleanliness , not cutting it down .
CA : I would actually just like , based on our current audiences — I &apos;m interested in finding out what TEDsters think .
You know , there might be two kinds of Wikipedia and Julian .
You know , hero , the hero of the audience who receives this important light .
Terrible violence .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : That &apos;s a powerful bullshit , Julian , a powerful bullshit .
You have to try a little bit more . Let me show you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t talked about yet , but I think for TED you do .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a nightmare — something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a number of storms took place in Albania , like the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis of the accident that said that , in fact , security workers from some content , military companies were actually putting foreign fighters in there and fighting them .
And that part of the alliance government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything on it , so it was a very complicated paper for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little perplexed , a little bit perplexed , thinking , well maybe some bottle company is trying to get used to it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and he wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hello , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what paper is all about ?
Can you show that you had legal rights for that document ?
Do you really know ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this ceremony where the author &apos;s name was written in the Department of Mysore Word .
There we go .
( Applause ) This stuff happens a lot .
This is an example of one of our methods of copying material , trying to get these people to write a letter .
CA : There it is . What information did you get from the inside of the Bible ?
JA : Now , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we have a lot of competition and engineering efforts .
That &apos;s why our media landscape has become a poem in the last couple of months because we &apos;re restoring systems because of our overall social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization grows , we &apos;re kind of caught up with our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a tremendous amount of discoveries at very high levels , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check these data .
CA : And that &apos;s the main chapter , basically a Reporter and a Republican editor ?
JA : There you go , and trustworthy people .
So we have a culture that is very difficult to grow very rapidly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with , so we have to redesign people that will deal with the highest security issues in the country and then have lower security issues .
CA : Let us individually understand you and how this work started .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made the movie , and then they flew off the container , so both the container .
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can say that this is the component of philanthropic evolution .
JA : What , the action ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , you were also faced with power early on .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , early on , I was a young journalist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I scouted for it .
It also has to be sensitive to the other word .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , this minute , most of it is used by rice math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as common as it was .
CA : Now , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you give us some sense of those and maybe some kind of medium in your life that helps to define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But the basic values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They teach them the pigs .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and a brother , from adult people who have lived in my life .
CA : In general , do people want to create waves ? Can they feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a fighter , so food is not my thing , but there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to train fishermen to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been part of my nature for a long time .
CA : Just briefly , last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local news service announced that the story would not be published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful event , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the most important thing .
Her bank sector was the size of her remaining economy in GDP .
However , we &apos;re giving this talk last year to Hollywood .
And national TV was forced to avoid it five minutes before it was released . As a movie , the contest appeared on the news table , and the headline said , &quot; This has never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the page for the whole time as a video , and we became very famous in Iceland , went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , we worked with some political factors and other international law experts in Iceland to create a new kind of law bank for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful news organization in the world and the Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was only accepted by the Islamic Golden Rule .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will protect us more , will there be more secret , will we follow the Big Bang , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure the situation is going to advance .
So there &apos;s a huge gap in the balance between the law of freedom of speech in the United States , China and the United States .
What side to grow ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we live in a very interesting time , because with just a little effort we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julia , was sensitive and power and suffering with you .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is Forever .
And 18 months ago , I had another work in Google , and I presented this idea to my leader of mine who is here today , and he made me realize this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting advertisements and stories , the 17 interesting advertisements of cities .
But I will concentrate on the demand .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do .
I think my personal pressure is very clear on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I got a great education , I &apos;m not in bed , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these jars , and the works of art that they represent .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through a more accessible technology .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
Maybe I &apos;ll just show you , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all these filaments there .
Here &apos;s the weather report , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Raisles and Van Gogh parties .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite metropolis of New York City .
There are two ways you can stay ; it &apos;s very expensive .
Please join this , and here you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bombay , Mexico doesn &apos;t matter .
You can fall in the tunnel , swing .
Do you want to jump ?
Open the hardware and put it in .
You enter in , and you have to go to the end of the interface .
Go ahead , take the picture .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still didn &apos;t get to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I stand in front of one of my favorite photos , Peter Broaglyn Bears , in Mathare .
You see the sign of this money .
If the wind has given us that image , you can put it on .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture can beat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve been involved in in cognitive technology .
So this picture , for example , if I fail , is about 10 billion pounds .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what that means for you to get a 10 billion base pair .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on this picture .
This guy comes out a lot , his face is balanced .
But then you want to draw more closely .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; So I came up with this picture and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , I talked to some of my cousins at MIT , and I found that this is a game called chocolate , where kids drink coffee cups on a Friday afternoon .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the door .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they actually got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the museum of modern art , again in New York .
Here &apos;s one of my favorite features , the night from the Gulf , the example I showed you , was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at smoking ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this .
We kind of mix things up , and we kind of get into the image .
I &apos;m going to get to what I say in this picture . I &apos;m going to really get to the details .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this .
Now let me show you my favorite feature on the other side .
There &apos;s a lot of different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait on the Web , your own collection of images .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the &quot; &quot; growing power of a painting . &quot; &quot; You can change the size of the painting .
This is Hippocrates from the National Portrait .
You can write transcripts to your friends and start talking about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an explanation , the main thing for me here is that these great things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from fossil fuels .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing paintings .
It was my common experience .
I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re briefly presenting works of art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you create it to reproduce the seed ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This just encourages you to go to the bathroom .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
That &apos;s what I do in my life , telling stories , writing articles , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I go any further , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the environment . In my talk , you &apos;ll have a couple of circles .
I was born in Stockholm , French family .
Soon my parents got divorced from each other and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little unusual .
We were surrounded by various families whose father had control of the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up with two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a good education , a global , time-consuming woman with marshmallow .
And on the other hand , my grandmother , who was also very emotional , but with much more spiritual values , much less educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be in the grocery store and get crazy images from the neighborhood , without her eyes .
Many came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot wounds , people or dresses , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother would find words in Arabic , she would take a red donkey and drink it with ink as much as they wanted to take out of the marshmallow .
And then , one more thing he did was he lived in this tiny pond .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who face my grandmother with a brain problem did not see that there was no difficulty at all .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the idea is helping , but you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; My grandmother , apart from many lessons that I learned , I &apos;ve been a really nervous lesson , which is that if you want to ignore something in your life , whether it &apos;s prostitution , perseverance , human spirit , you have to surround it with immediate walls .
And I will square from the inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and cultural circle .
Yes , we are all .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some nation and class .
But if we didn &apos;t have anything to do with the outside world , we could have a four-inch threat .
Our hearts would shrink . Our humanity would shrink if we stayed silent for a long time from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our neighbors , our colleagues , our family members — all of us — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our ancestors .
Another thing my grandmother does , like the women in Turkey , is they take the elephants off with a toilet , or they run off the wall to get the pictures off the shelf .
It &apos;s an old Arabic norm based on the belief that human beings are not healthy enough to stay hungry for too long .
Through a diagram like this , people who live in communities are at the worst risk in a globalizing world of time .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Liberals and the conservatives , the geoists and the beliefs , the rich and the poor in the East and the East .
We intend to build buildings that are based on the character and then appreciate the people who represent other stars .
I think that the only cultural catheters to win is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can unlock the discoveries within our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can manipulate other fields and even combine what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
My mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a traffic ticket ?
When I look at her , I think she was particularly concerned about my mental states .
I was constantly telling stories of the house that was perfectly fine , but I was telling it to my school friends , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid , talking to colorful skills and asking for help from objects when I was calling them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my everyday discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life an incredibly embarrassing and the last thing I wanted to write about was my life .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And that has become the meaning of my whole life , writing stories .
The reaction to myself was self-portrait , as opposed to passing a trip to other lives , but as opposed to opportunities .
I &apos;m going to suggest you do a little bit harder . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then stop it .
Go back to my story , and then something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , hateful , middle-class ratio that my grandmother had , to this wonderful , international school in Maidan , where I was just outside .
I first came across this concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were teaching children of different organizations , and yet this diversity did not result in colonial , equal democracy in our classroom .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where every child was viewed not as individual , but as a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was a lot of fun , not counting the exceptional moments that happened with people who were related to trust .
This kid or this kid used to be on assignment for forgery and for war .
And I knew that very well , because at the time that I enjoyed that school , there was a war crime in my country — a man who supported my nation had less to do with the murders of the Roman Pavilion and the Turkey fell together during the European Union .
( Laughter ) That day , I used to leave classes and dream of becoming oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before called &quot; &quot; Extremely . &quot; &quot; They were interested in how many cyborgs I had in my daily life , because they thought all sailboats were mad , and they were absolutely surprised that I had to start branching my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three discussions about my country — politics , politics , strategists and leaders .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and Areca .
I always felt like my existence was the only box I could move with me .
Stories took me to be focused , to be continuous and to be successful — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was 60 years old , I moved to Stamble , a town I kept .
I lived in many , many animals , many environments where I wrote some of my letters .
I was in September when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I left home at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , there was a scene that really touched me .
We had a local pride , a drunken , elderly man who never sold a drink from the soul , never spoke to the priests of the public .
He was sitting next to a translator who had been casting a sword and a sword and a javelin flying down his thigh .
I saw this man opening the door of the cigarette with his hands , and he surrounded himself with this painting by the Guardian earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering self , the conservative soul , and the persecuted translator sitting on the moon .
Death and destruction make up our national differences and we &apos;re all united , even if it takes a few hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have this effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we &apos;re leaving our little , wealthy wildscape and we &apos;re leaving behind in the night sky and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or maybe we &apos;re leaving behind .
A little bit later , I started pasting women &apos;s college in Boston and then in Mexico .
I was more experienced not by global change , but by language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an agnostic , I &apos;m not an agnostic , I &apos;m not an agnostic , I &apos;m not an archeologist , so I wondered , why do I do this ? In language , I get an opportunity to recreate myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and emotional , and I like to write in English , which for me is very mathematical and logical .
I have a different kind of relationship with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out you &apos;re living through a constant and potential disappointment .
Because , as a start , we always want to say more , to make better things , to say better things , but it turns out we are less expressed , because there is a great role in thinking and language .
And that tension is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I discovered in Boston — it &apos;s quite fashionable .
At that time , my grandmother , who was tracking my whole life , began to immerse myself in her vagina so that I could get married soon , so that I could go somewhere and forever .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Boston , I &apos;ve begun to translate life into Arizona and Sumbo , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a chef — physically or a psychologist .
Stories keep coming to me , keeping all my pieces and memories together , they act like an existential salm .
As many stories as I know them , I &apos;ve recently begun to think that they lose their magic . &quot; &quot; If &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; is a story more than a story .
I want us all to think together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked her what she meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one figure , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events were happening at Boston University , it was normal for me to think that English characters should be more than laws , but I understood what my president was looking for .
And so I realized I was going to keep upset him .
He wanted to see my own statement .
In the book , she was looking for a cup of women , because I was .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how self-government affects how stories spread and transform and return .
Many authors feel that pressure , but the non-Army books feel that much more .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the deadly world like me , you &apos;re expected to write stories about women of death , and you &apos;re expected to have difficult stories of women of death .
You &apos;re expected to write messages and links and typical stories and surround yourself with experimental and dangerous employees in your art .
What I experienced when I was a kid at MIT is now in the physical world .
Governments don &apos;t view themselves as an independent creator , they view themselves as representatives of their culture — some authors from China , some from Turkey , some from Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special if not ordinary .
Professor James Boldson , in one of 1984 interviews , asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that he was a Gayesian writer , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; You see what ? I have no embarrassment in me that is different from me , and there is nothing in others that I have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to emphasize us , it puts our liberties at risk .
There &apos;s a certain tragedy called multi-cultural literature , where all the letters from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural journey to Harvard a decade ago .
We had three authors — one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and the other one from Indonesia — as in the untouchables , you know .
( Laughter ) We weren &apos;t used to it because we were writing the same art article or magazine articles .
We were brought together .
Cultural scripts are expecting them to write real stories , not so stereotypical .
The sequence is reported .
In that way , not just the authors , but the characters who are frustrated so that they become great representatives .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in the story is not just Abraham .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped from giving a speech to my favorite characters in front of the court .
I was expected to write a report on the building , on the factory floor , and the rest of my family were watched by women .
My micro story made a difference when I was attacked .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for being a high appreciation for post-traumatic stress .
Sometimes I would want to get close to both sides and remind myself that it &apos;s just a pixel .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to fix my work .
I want to love and raise the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will get .
Governments are right to express their political views , and there are very good political views in that period , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And only the last one is under responsibility for the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of authority unites us . The statement unites us .
One requires immediate gratification .
The other is the details .
One builds boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity is kind of built up of red bricks .
And the reaction is like running water .
During the Ottoman era , there were these glorious images called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They were going to go to the pleasures , the stories to the individuals , and often those stories were located .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , recognizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even cholesterol , the media , not the media .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Nashadeen neighborhoods that were very broad across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Today , stories continue to overcome borders .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk to each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian translator is still reading the books in Arabic , and vice versa , combining and taking the story together .
Science brings us to the table .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books were saved by an incandescent girl like I was back then .
But I &apos;m also known about the risks of getting books .
When he was a prisoner and a mystic , Rumi met his spiritual path — from Samuel Theresa , the first thing he did was to look at Rumi &apos;s books in the water and see how the trees disappear in the water .
The Sufi says , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you instructions is bigger than information . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural tattoos is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know it , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us instructions makes us separate and separate .
There &apos;s a metaphor that I love a lot : life is like a side show .
The leg of the movie is constantly in place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is in constant motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my response .
Some are surrounded by wide black bodies in September , and the rest is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In that way , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the cloud of Turkey , which has been the cloud of Ocean for over 400 years .
In Providencia , on the other hand , there &apos;s a place called Jane &apos;s advice .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually , we &apos;re in the middle of noise with these kinds of hurdles that do things .
We view them as harmful for supernatural things like water , which is like tornadoes and bodies of despair .
But more of these residents feel the writers and the painters .
When I create , I encourage despair and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what happens 10 pages later .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories are hidden from our hearts , we can write about anything .
Osama Laden once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I live . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students are taught in creative literature today is to write what you know about it ?
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
Real literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and open ourselves and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural gettos and study other people .
After all , stories are like tornadoes who shape boundaries with their daughters .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity , it &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for all of our lives , whether we love and love , oh my God , the country doesn &apos;t stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting more into the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the fact that the players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together to solve the Virtual Choir problem .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and less balanced .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is flexible . He explores why people are
But of course , this is not an optical situation .
We need to start playing more like the world .
In addition to cutting games , we had skeletons of rock .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is truly amazing .
President Heroes , 18 years later , decided that he had to play the last game .
We want to imagine the classical gains , and then provide people with a teaching gap .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have positive feedback on the rise of skills such as environmental awareness , the spread of knowledge , sustainability , globalization and enlightenment .
My big idea , which is actually a very small idea , can be driven by the billions of great ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is color .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room .
There are women .
I felt the wine from my own home experience .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed the power .
I broke my head , I cut my arm , I put five marks on my right eye .
And I began my journey to explore the wine of sleep .
And along the way , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that you need to be more effective , more motivated and happier lives .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally ready for rise by freedom .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s reaction has become spontaneous .
I was having lunch with a guy who &apos;s been checked for four hours last night .
What else I said — I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of coffee to show your own preference .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody had invited the forefront , and said , &quot; &quot; Where are we going to meet eight ? &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 is pretty sure , but anyway , I &apos;m going to get a race to play , I &apos;m going to do two coffee shoes and I &apos;m going to see eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means that they &apos;re so
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is for us to get to see the issue before it falls to Titanic .
And we had too much trouble with our students .
I feel like if Leymah brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters could still stay in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , her sister would probably see the sign , because she would walk for seven or eight hours and see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve been comfortable with multiple journeys from around the world , which is something that &apos;s useful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , will be useful for our careers and for the rest of the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us : open your motors and discover your strength .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about bringing back imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first discovered this simple material , wanting that for years it had the same use .
Today I use that material to create the characters of sustainable , scalable , scalable buildings in different cities around the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I got a seven in the arts school and everybody was upset .
I chose to be a painter — for 10 years , when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portraits , I insisted , and I hired myself a Marabola .
The day of the show was coming , and there was no inside .
We had to do something .
The traditional village was famous for rape .
So I tried to cook bristles .
But making great work was difficult and cheap .
And I went out to the corner and I started to see how the fishes connected and designed the network .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I realized a different approach to creating a scaffold , as a way of creating a canopy without a massive amount of cooking material .
And the first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s self-portrait . It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Loud of bits . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we uploaded the Web to the pattern .
What I discovered is that desperate plants occur whenever they are , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was angry .
I continued to study art and collaborate with artists , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I received , but I wanted to create more and more stuff , to change the scale of the object that you see , something that you can lose .
So back to India , after the fishermen who worked there , we built a network — a million and a half links — with a short time performing in Manhattan .
Thousands of people saw that . One of them was a researcher named Mongolia Salvador , who renewed the segment of Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by holding my art .
Women , with engineering solutions , consistency , those properties were in the mix with the material in the standard fashion .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would detect the electromagnetic spectrum of the Sun , the pollution of the air and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so hot that it would rain down from wind .
We needed something that would hold the network at the center of the cloud .
So we took 20 tons of steel mill .
We had to design an engineering solution so that the staircase would move from a weather to a weather to a nutritious knee .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objective and moving material .
I found a brilliant Austrian architect in Haiti who &apos;s doing a project for the harvest of sugar in America . His name is Peter Hepp .
He helped me solve two really big problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman did not know the American .
So I got in touch with the fish farmer , met the farmer , and found out how to survive it .
There was no programming language that transformed the production of that traditional manufacturing machine .
We had to create like that .
Three years later , and two children were diagnosed with a network of 15 square feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed , stable , and in that transformation nothing had lost .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and invisible diamond .
Now it was a perceptual space .
Think about it for the first time .
As I watched the wind game , I was struggling to find myself underground and at the same time being connected to an unknown country .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these oceans in different cities around the world .
Now let me introduce two new directions to my work .
This is the historic city of Philadelphia , and I felt that the staircase had to be more subtle than the Web for forming it .
So we tried to get some non-toxic blood vessels that were plastered into the wastewater , and we also discovered in the process that people could also interact with this material and walk through it without breaking .
This is a classical material that I use to describe the trajectory of a subway station , at the moment of conception , as if the denser image of the urban surrounding system .
The next challenge in Denver was the living room of the North and North America , and I was asked if I could visualize the interconnectedness of 35 countries in the West Bank and visualize them across the border .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , yes .
I read recently in Chile about the earthquake and the harmony that had occurred throughout the Pacific .
It moved the tectonic ships of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally doubled the gravitational pull .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the sermons , and converted them into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth has received .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stainless way that I knew .
It had a very complicated structure .
I replaced the mathematical foundation with a cloth , a thin film , 15 times a wall .
The classroom would now be fully dry and thin enough to fit into the empty buildings as part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complicated networks would interpret patterns and model patterns in nature .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call in New York — they asked me to sustain the idea of Times Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that reach the edges of the landscape .
Although many cities don &apos;t have money yet , I dream of taking these classrooms where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional forms and entertainment .
Now I combine them with technology and engineering projects to create products , clothing , shapes that reach the edges of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from one of my financial friends .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to a local art department , and now he &apos;d come out of the building and he &apos;d be able to say goodbye to him .
These people in the Palestinian Police Service were now confused by their strangers , watching the creativity , the shock transformation , and together they regarded the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hi . Thank you . It was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , the form of energy , communicates with all of our senses simultaneously , then it &apos;s embedded in this gigantic region , which is what it looks like today , and what it is today and what it is today and how it can feel and listen .
I &apos;m an energy that &apos;s connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are perfect , and we are beautiful .
My left-hand corner , our left-hand corner , is something different .
Our left-hand corner is thinking graphically and metaphorically .
And the one on the left is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can distinguish is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt softer in my body . Imagine that .
