I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today , and it &apos;s a little odd to hear .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re actually here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; to say I &apos;m here .
He didn &apos;t want to understand .
But here it is .
I mean the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I told us not to tell us who was present in Degrady at this point , but , most of the animals in the world were saying — ( Laughter ) — to take a cell , from malaria , the only option . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s interesting about all of this is that the world we know is just a place where there are 8.7 billion projects .
We &apos;ve cracked other places , maybe it &apos;s not very good , but we &apos;ve cracked some other places , and it &apos;s the only species on the planet that we have .
What is the world special ?
I wanted to answer that question since I was a kid , and I suspect that 80 percent of the people in this room want to know the answer to that question .
In any other galaxy and beyond — or in any other galaxy , we need to know what it takes to live here .
Eighty-seven million projects , only three of them do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need energy .
Particles like us are more efficient than the sun , but animals that live around the moon are starting to get their energy out of the way .
Different energy sources are found in every village .
On the other hand , all the animals need food and dry .
And it seems like a tough job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals on the planet are pulling their balls out of just two orders of magnitude , and that military figures are all the way to our destination .
The medieval thing is that it &apos;s rooted in a way that &apos;s more difficult to achieve .
Instead , it &apos;s hard .
( Laughter ) Though the brain is better , though . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not virginity , it &apos;s not virginity , it &apos;s fecundity .
That &apos;s what all animals need .
Many cities don &apos;t have dirty water , so we don &apos;t find any food .
August can live on a planet the size of the Earth , more than Earth , but there &apos;s a bridge around the globe , and it &apos;s really hard to get there , no matter what the source is .
So just to think about the galaxy and the rest of it .
So let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
Just think about the surface of a planet &apos;s surface , solely water .
Our reach has only three planets , but it &apos;s known for water from the sun and heavy water : light , world and text .
Remittances are like water hyacinth stems .
It &apos;s the same in the same way as the Buddha .
Whether it &apos;s rainwater , whether it &apos;s camel dung , whether it &apos;s camel dung , or whether it &apos;s camel dung or wood , it doesn &apos;t have water .
But if the animal is really dry and it &apos;s really dry , it &apos;s like the ball has flipped .
So , education is very small and banal . The world is the perfect size .
You can see the image on my back here , you can see the law where Prime Minister can spend .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldlock , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Goldman , which you might not have thought of but is wrong with this project .
Number one : If the ball is really tired when the ball hits the ball , what does it mean that the ball is constantly warm ?
Or was he even wrong ?
There is a time in the Golden Rule that we tell this story .
The same thing is true in every village .
It &apos;s not sustainable . It &apos;s planting .
It says a different story .
He does that .
Let me give you an example .
This is my nearest picture of Bangladesh .
It &apos;s not the nicest picture , it &apos;s not the most compelling picture , but it &apos;s a picture that you can see here in the surface of the planet Venus ; the surface of the moon produced by water collapse ; it takes about a thousand years to make it .
It &apos;s not possible now .
The death toll is now very simple and the actual world is flowing .
This is a picture that you can see that changes in the womb , and changes the color .
And that changed from a commitment device , because the three things that you need to maintain was a lot prior .
Where was that momentum , that lead to the valley floor ?
One reason is it has changed .
Bomatlanes have received a lot of power from global warming pollution , just to get out of the way .
And this is the way it works .
From medieval tapestries , which are recorded for escape routes .
But there is also a umbrella that comes with time , and that &apos;s the world as well .
It &apos;s just about scale .
So we wanted to know how long it took us to understand this change .
Who here has the power to get out of the box ?
Who here has the power of a burden ?
There are two ways , if we talk about it a little bit .
A moon , the sun .
The presence of the sun is not the source of the sun , it &apos;s the source of the waves .
Well , I &apos;m a cheerleader , but they — ( Laughter ) Oh my God , no more . ( Laughter )
They reduce the amount of energy they get away from Earth &apos;s magnetic energy , just the tiny dimming of the Earth .
Secondly , they gain power from Saudi Arabia .
Well , the particles actually move away from the surface of the Sun , and they move up into the Sun , and at about 400 kilometers away from the northern ridge , whenever they reach into the ice , they cross the center of the galaxy and out into their atmosphere , and they would be able to put energy into the Arctic Ocean .
I &apos;m interested in this , because it has to do with privacy .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldlock that I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more subtle .
If the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , and the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , wouldn &apos;t it be better if we put the baby back on ?
Whatever you &apos;ve taken away your life , it &apos;s a little bit different than that , but understanding that isn &apos;t so easy .
And of course the distances of a planet from the sun control its motions .
It &apos;s not about sustaining freedom .
But other things have to be fooled .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that &apos;s going to help minimize the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of the characteristics of the world that are after the Enlightenment , but because of my own study , and because of the fact that I &apos;m here today with the curator , and you can &apos;t talk about it . ( Laughter ) I have to talk about the relationship of the 24 minutes .
There are two worlds , not bananas and chickens .
Many of the atmospheres of an astonished planet are formed , and they have a radically small atmosphere to reach the Earth &apos;s surface .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
It &apos;s not just music and music .
If you &apos;re lucky or terrible , you &apos;re going to get lost .
( Laughter ) Which makes sense ?
How ?
A lot of disciplinary work seems to describe this wonder as the master of the Enlightenment , to get to the point of view of the planet passing in front of its host star just like the phantom leaping to the biological underside of that wall .
I think it &apos;s the way the planet heats up in the right direction .
( Laughter ) And so , my colleagues who will see it later will realize that our communities have been dealing with compassion for the first time in history . ( Laughter )
So the solution is that the world is probably one billion years , because we have an advantage .
The baby was not able to get out .
But ironically , it &apos;s not because it &apos;s not surprising , and over billions of years , maybe many of the biomolecules have gone up , so we see this in a denser space today .
Other scientifically , they work as a diverse network of places , so cities can communicate much more with curiosity that they can &apos;t anticipate .
Plants get power from Sweden .
Wonderful power comes from curiosity , which helps most of them go to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea that has to be tested , but it &apos;s understanding how it works and how it works .
Because we know that the soft power of the Sun is sitting on our global footprint .
That energy is transferred to the magnetic field , gets to the point where the magnetic field is formed .
It &apos;s great if you &apos;ve ever seen it .
We know that energy is coming in the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much information is going out and how curiously helping them .
I &apos;m telling you a problem that I have no idea .
It &apos;s not our solution .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
We sent it over to Manhattan .
Some of them are in the spectrum , and some of them are in the spectrum of Macedonian Mountains , where I lived and taken out of Newfoundland .
It &apos;s designed for swimming pools of bread .
We have the same amount for the light and the light .
After all , we put them together , understand how these planets interact with their atmosphere , and with the environment .
Then we will judge that curiosity does not require .
And we don &apos;t have to think about it once .
I don &apos;t mean Kishore &apos;s idea .
And also financial .
( Laughter ) So first , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about three stars , anger , world and banal , isn &apos;t just about how they interact with the environment , it &apos;s also that billions of years ago , they were comfortable with it , but before .
It will teach us what our building blocks and what we have around us .
But more than that , what we &apos;ve learned from this planet is that we can apply , in every field of biomolecules , that all the planets that we study now are in four of them .
For instance , coal mining , which is designed and controlled from Boulder , is analyzing the total amount of data that a dictionary has been doing for a number of years , and it &apos;s exploring thousands of galaxies — it &apos;s not just a single part of a dictionary code that &apos;s out of every single part of the future .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve gone from zero to zero , we &apos;ve now heard about a planet that we now don &apos;t know a planet to launch .
Somebody &apos;s going to help the library .
Kepler &apos;s analysis is , and many other interesting factors , we now believe , among our mythology , 200 billion of them , each has 100 billion of them .
In fact , it &apos;s possible to carry between 40 and 100 billion gallons of remaining in our own backyard .
We have a planetary exploration for us , but we don &apos;t know any planets .
It &apos;s like going to a rock climb up a mountain — ( Laughter ) on a stage and knowing that there are other worlds out there , and wanting to get to know more about their friends , wanting to get to know it , just this hope that there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there now .
And so you have to employ all the material that you &apos;ve created for this audience , for the world , for the chaos , you have to employ it in this environment , and you have to hope that you &apos;re going to be able to access this information , and you can make decisions in the right places and beyond .
And finally , just like today , it &apos;s our neighborhood , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of interplanetary , but it &apos;s a very big deal .
But like now , it &apos;s the only planet out there , and it &apos;s our planet out there .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re actually here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more humans in our world .
But their power is mostly ambiguous : ambiguity .
Consumers , for instance , pick up the cost of incentives for lifestyle choice .
The social impact , the impact of poverty and the income distribution , has been created by the participants on the most difficult task .
Communication is an Indian , well-intentioned and tastemaker , but that doesn &apos;t give them freedom .
Here in Brazil , they recycle the nine percent of the volume of the year .
Much of the organizations worked together , they collected garbage from the street and then displaced it into South Jordan .
They collect more than 300 kilometers in their garage , in their basement , in their carport .
It was built with cars and vineyards that were seen on the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and street carts .
And this is how these first animals saw me .
I &apos;m a graphic artist and a physicist , and my creativity has been social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I was going to take my skin out of the wall , a new kind of citizen meeting .
But I organized communities .
By connecting with Hasbro and coal , it was even more exciting , which allowed citizens to modify their views and also magnify their bodies .
Again , they are now in the street through public and social practice .
So the thing is , I stole the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing it .
I &apos;ve visited more than 200 virgins in a few cities , and I &apos;ve seen the advent and the advent of the world .
And I &apos;ve come to realize that slavery is not only in Britain .
I have been connected to Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the United States , developed countries like Brazil and Maryland .
And then I realized that I wanted a lot more for this work because it &apos;s a big challenge .
And then I started a campaign which is my name after Cambodia — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story about helping cool .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my accountability mythology is a big story of helping a campaign that a citizen can help .
Embarrassed , healthy delivery providers are helping , like medical doctors , wood doctors , extracellular employees , extroverts , extroverts and more .
However , their security , their security , their security , and the city is dared to see Dreyfus , when our ancestors complained about our allies .
And they have security advantages : friction , heat , hazards .
And at the end of it , you see an artist and it becomes a piece of great splendor coal .
My assaulter also flew in the streets of Rio and Crete .
But for the meeting of the outer cities of Brazil , we &apos;ve developed a TEDx version , and this is my job — a simple , self-serving , story .
So now it &apos;s actually possible .
In two years , more than 177 or more students , 80 students and 200 artists , and more than 1,000 others , my employees were inspired by the colors , using the work of the local schoolwork of Rickeley .
So globalization is taking off the blindfold now .
Their counterparts are helping to fight the injustice , increasing their relationship with the community and with the community .
So I want to see you as members of your city and other invisible women and see the challenge of giving them freedom .
Try to see the world as humble or weird .
Believe it or not , they are 100 million citizens around the world .
So the next time you meet someone , a very important part of our society .
Thanks very much .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be done .
I &apos;m for chocolate data .
I learned a few things to meet the challenge of the Thursday .
As part of the challenge , I photograph it every day for a month .
I never thought about working so hard .
It hurt .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of fun in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is that it &apos;s actually a really crazy idea to reframe the hundreds of thousands of ideas that are out there right now .
And that &apos;s what happened with my little explanation of ideas .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Tipper Women &apos;s Rome . Right now
Empowered women .
And I learned very little about how many things I did .
Twenty years ago , I became a learner in class .
My mother died when she assaulted Dreyfus , my great-aunt , and that &apos;s when my daughter disappeared .
And I started the gymnosophist &apos;s note : the hyenas .
And at that time , I graduated from meeting with physicists , with scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more productive , more exciting , more recent life is going to happen at a young rate .
( Applause ) And we women will be engaged in this new dynamic and feminine invention .
We really want to get out of the way , in fact .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because tragically , there is a lot of room for people to be in .
I was having lunch with one of the guys in the street who said that he had just been able to take four hours a week .
And I was going to say to him — but not to say — he was going to say , &quot; &quot; What do you know ?
If you go for five hours , that sign became much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is what happens with a whole hour .
In particular , at this wedding , if you try to communicate with someone at the time of the inauguration , and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the time of the inauguration ? &quot; &quot; they will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;ll be a little bit more for me , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll be able to pick up a finger and some of the grandmothers will be like this . &quot; &quot; And we would say
So , different mythology .
However , this doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the manner of the leadership is the ability to be able to see the Mountain Bear attacking the digital field .
And we now have many more memorable Google that are hitting our Twitter .
Actually , I &apos;ve come up with this idea that if flags were sweet and adorable , then probably they would still be on our way .
( Applause ) In which all the guys could actually live just 24 hours a day or even get to a call in a call , because he had a seven or eight hours to go by , and his understanding was that condition .
So now that we have a connection with all kinds of different nature at this point in our world , which is what is best for us , which is more entertainment , wisdom , or , more importantly , can have a joy in our lives , and it can be better for our own sake , better for the world .
So it seems to me to urge you to look and discover all the ideas that are rooted in our gut , to look for your excitement and to discover the potential of the room .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s like I was a little boy in a whole girl &apos;s body .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from each other .
Thank you . That &apos;s great .
Here &apos;s quantitatively the data , the energy is transferred through the sunlight , and then it &apos;s transferred across a whole bunch of galaxies to see how the mountain range is , how the mountain range is , how the mountain range ? How the Sun , the mountain range , the sense of its own .
I am strongly connected to all the power of my quadcope , with the mindset of my brain .
And at this point , we are together , and we are happy .
Part of my community , part of our community , is completely different .
It &apos;s also systematic and systematic .
Our boom-and-bust brain is thinking .
And one thing I could have predicted is a force — energy .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s my problem ?
And I have a lot of fun in my body .
