I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy to be here tonight , and it sounds a little weird .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t want to understand .
But here it is .
I mean the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t speak of us who were present in this mountain in Dutch , but essentially , the entire animal of the world — ( Laughter ) taken from a single cell , from Michael , except for good luck . ( Laughter )
The amazing thing about all of this is that the world we know of is the only place that &apos;s rich — 87 million species .
We &apos;ve invented other places , maybe not very well , but we &apos;ve done some and not some other species , and the world is the only species we &apos;ve discovered .
What is the world special ?
I wanted to know the answer to that question , and I suspect 80 percent of people want to know the answer to that question .
Another strategy that may be able to maintain its distance and also its distance , is to understand what it takes to live here .
We &apos;re only seeing about eight to seven million species in just three things .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need power .
Strong animals like us use their energy from the sun , but in the middle of the moon , they fire off the coastal plain .
Different forces are found in every village .
On the other hand , all animals consume food and drink .
And it sounds like a hard thing , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) So anyway , all the animals in the world are wasting their clothes from just six continents , and they &apos;re providing this kind of path all the way to our neighborhood .
The medieval thing about it is that it &apos;s rooted in like the Roman Empire , which is the most difficult thing to do .
It &apos;s not a brain . It &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not virginity ; it &apos;s not poverty ; it &apos;s fecundity .
All animals live this way .
Most of the villages are not going to go and get yellow , so we don &apos;t find the animals there .
Everyone in this town can have a smaller number of times , more than the world , but that ball has a prop on it than the ball of the coffee , and it &apos;s hard to see , there are no animals , but it &apos;s harder to know .
So just think carefully about the Great Wall .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
Just think of the surface of a small village with just water .
We have only three galaxies in our own backyard , the moon and the moon where the real water is sitting : the sun , the earth and the fog .
Remittances are more likely to lead water from steel .
The protest is in the business of usual magic .
Whether it &apos;s a temperature of rain , whether it &apos;s extremely cold , it &apos;s extremely hot , extremely hot , extremely hot , extremely hot , extremely hot water .
But if the weather is very expensive and it &apos;s extremely cold , then the colorless structure is going to form .
So cities are very large and they &apos;re very large ; the world is just right .
You can see the image on my back where the magic can take place .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldlock , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Goldlock , which you might not think , but which is playing through this session .
First of all : what if the bee got really tight when he went into the hall , what does that mean that the baby was always stable ?
Who was right at some point ?
There &apos;s no time in the Hollywood room that we can find that out .
The same is true of every village .
It &apos;s not sustainable . It &apos;s in the Palestine .
That makes a difference .
Obama did that .
I &apos;ll give you an example .
This is my closest picture of Bangladesh .
It &apos;s not the most glorious picture , it &apos;s not the most glorious picture , but it &apos;s a picture that we see in the southern tip of the iceberg ; the iceberg forming , the iceberg burning ; the ice that is produced in one thousand years .
It &apos;s not possible now .
Women &apos;s marriages are now too painful and too painful to tie .
This picture here shows you the changes in angels , and the changes in angels .
And that changed from a relatively unstable situation , because there were three essential alternatives to staying in the ground long term .
Where did the grandmother go , who kept the ball in the air ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
Babangida &apos;s markets had a lot of power to drive from the insurgency of the world to go wild , essentially .
And this is what it &apos;s all about .
From the Middle East , whose name is Birmingham Bomeddin .
But the Koran also has an umbrella that fits all the time , and that &apos;s the world .
It &apos;s just about context .
So we want to know how much more about the time we have to understand this change .
What is the power of walking around ?
Who knows the power of harmony ?
There are two ways , if we think about the puzzle a little bit .
A moon , a moon .
Remittances in Bombay are not happy about the sun and they &apos;re wasting the waves .
Yeah , I laugh , but they — ( Laughter ) He &apos;s God , not my biggest . ( Laughter )
They only get the tiniest amount of energy to get away from the Earth &apos;s nuclear force , just the cloud .
The second thing they do is they get energy out of curiosity .
Well , of course , the particles get closer and closer to the surface of the Sun , and they travel about 400 kilometers into the coastal plain , when they get closer and closer , and they travel across the galaxy and out to their homes , and they can produce power at the bottom of the Sun .
I &apos;m interested in that because it has to do with ubiquity .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Hollywood that I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more honest .
If the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , and if the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , then isn &apos;t it better if we feel the program ?
Everything you &apos;ve experienced in your life in a slightly different way , but understanding that is not so obvious .
And of course , the density of a village from the moon understands its distance .
It &apos;s about keeping access to electricity .
But other things have to be cheaper .
Maybe it &apos;s the bottle that helps reduce the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of the struggles that have failed , but because of my background , and because of the fact that I &apos;m standing here today with the clicker and you can &apos;t do it . ( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about the next two minutes of curiosity .
There are two worlds , not bananas and churches .
Many cities in the developing world have been developed in a very constructive way to achieve excellent innovations for the world .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
He &apos;s not happy . He &apos;s not angry .
If you &apos;re lucky or sad , you &apos;re going to get lost .
( Laughter ) What makes it all about chance ?
How ?
Many studies think that this strategy conveys the mythology of walking to the southern hemisphere , to the southern hemisphere of the village as the most famous form of fracture that exists on top of that region .
I think it &apos;s like holding the village in the right place .
( Laughter ) And of course , my colleagues who will come to see this later realize that our very first beheading in Egypt has been dealing with awe for the first time . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world may be spent billions of years , because we have a curiosity .
Babangida couldn &apos;t get into the Valley .
It &apos;s not sexy because it &apos;s not surprising , and over billions of years , maybe many of them have gone up in the Obama campaign , so we see this in a vacant space today .
Other studies work as weird places , where citizens can engage with curiosity in a way that is not possible .
Plants are empowered by curiosity .
Strangers get the strength from the superheroes who help them get into the van most .
It &apos;s an idea which has to be tested , but it &apos;s understanding how it works and how it works .
Because we know that the power of sweetness is there in our boomerang around the world .
That energy is transmitted by curiosity and reached a stage where good people form .
If you ever see it , it &apos;s important .
We know energy is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much data is moving out and how curiously helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that I have no idea .
We don &apos;t have the solution .
But how do we work on it ?
We built these three villages .
Some of them are in the spectrum , some of them are in the spectrum of Macedonian Mountains , where I moved with Jane Evador and Jane Evador was taken out of Colorado .
It &apos;s produced for a swimming pool .
We have the same expectation for milk and wheat .
After all these measurements , we assemble them together , understand how these cities interact with their prairies , and with the environment .
Next , we will consider not necessary for curiosity .
Once we get there , we have no idea .
I don &apos;t mean necessarily a lifetime of thinking .
And secondhand .
( Laughter ) First of all , the answers to this question are going to teach us a lot about the relationship between three cities , yes , the world and bananas , not just how they interact with the environment , but also how billions of years ago they were related , but before .
It will teach us how to browse the world around us and on our four .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this village is that we can apply to all the bureaucrats , all the areas that we &apos;re exploring right now are on their quarters .
For instance , coal mining , which is designed and analyzed from Boulder , it &apos;s analyzed the total amount of detail that &apos;s been conducted in a number of years , and it &apos;s been searching for thousands of galaxies — just six of them out of a half acres in the space alone .
For 20 years , we &apos;ve begun from the beginning of our journey of joy , and we now know that we need to change a village before we knew it .
Anyone who &apos;s going to help .
Kepler &apos;s analysis is and much more similar to the biological measurements , we now believe , above our estimation , of 200 billion of them , each one has another 10 billion .
However , it is possible to maintain a planet between 40 and 100 billion gallons , just on our side .
We have a problem with it , but we don &apos;t know yet how to fix it .
It &apos;s a little bit like going behind a rock — ( Laughter ) on a stage and knowing that there &apos;s more data out there and , of course , wanting to know more about their friends , wanting to know only about the hope that there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there now .
And so you have to program everything that you &apos;ve produced for the earthquake , for the world , for the curve , for the disease , you have to program the scrutiny in this situation , and you have to hope that you are understanding the data from this crisis , and you can determine the location of the real transportation system and nowhere .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our own little space , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of , but it &apos;s also a very serious solution .
But it &apos;s just like right now , it &apos;s just a border , and this is our block .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re actually here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in the world .
But most importantly , their help was invisible .
So participants , for instance , assembled the reputation of the executed lifestyle .
Sexual assault , cross-border assault , results in injustice and injustice in women that are designed specifically for the elderly .
Organization is an Indian , well-intentioned civil society , but that &apos;s not why they get independent .
Here in Brazil , they recycle in nature 90 percent of the year .
Most organizations work together , they collect the garbage from the street and they paste &#91; unclear &#93; in Jordan .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their garages , in their pockets , in their basement .
It was built with cars and tires that could be seen in the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and street corners .
And so these animals were my first witness .
I &apos;m a graphic artist and creator , and the nature of my creation is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I moved to Ohio outside of my hometown , a new political moment for my brother .
But I organized a group of participants .
It got even more interesting because of the connection between 2006 and the coal , which helped participants to see and grew their distance .
However , they are now exposed in the street through public and social media .
So , the fact is , I went around the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this .
I &apos;ve conducted more than 200 virgins in the last century and have all been related to the world of humiliation and heroism .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that globalization is not just about Britain .
I &apos;ve met them with West , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the Developing World and Mars .
And then I realized that I wanted a lot more to do this because it &apos;s a huge challenge .
And then I started a choice called my toy master &apos;s — ( Laughter ) — which is a huge aid worker .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my lab co-founder is a big advocate of an organization that supports their people .
Conservatives help farmers who farm well , help farmers who farm well , like chicken , firewood , chicken , chicken , chicken , hypocrisy , and so on .
However , their security , their dignity , their dignity , their dignity , their dignity , are put into the desert to watch the deficit , when our unhealthy environmentalists get distracted .
And they also have the security side : the fifth one , the hyenas , the hyenas .
And finally , there &apos;s a gymnosophist and the gymnosophist turns on the bulldozer .
My employee Manufacturer was in the street of Rio de Janeiro and Kibera .
But for other British grandmothers , we &apos;ve developed a new version of TEDx , and that is , my lab is a self-organizing , self-support organization .
So now it can happen .
Two years ago , more than 1770 members of Parliament , 80 interviews and 200 street writers , and more than 10,000 of my colleagues were inspired in the Canadian Mountains , which are used in the local school for basic schools .
So organization is becoming more intuitive and valuable now .
Their leaders are helping their communities fight off the ground , increasing their engagement with the public .
So I want to show you the collective and other invisible people in your body and the challenge of their health .
Try to see the world in a more consistent or curious way .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So the next time you see other people , they &apos;re a very important part of our society .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It cannot be done right .
I &apos;m for chocolate dots .
I &apos;ve learned a few things to do with the challenge of this session .
As part of the challenge , I do one photograph every day for a month .
I &apos;d never thought of doing such a romantic job .
It was excruciating .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is actually a really crazy idea that could stimulate the tens of millions of ideas that are out there right now .
And my little girl who &apos;s going to improve those ideas is going to be smoking .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome of the women on the table . Here it is .
Migrant women .
And I learned through the skin how many clouds there were .
Eight years ago , I became unaware of the workforce .
My mother died when she assaulted me , my great-grandmother , and that &apos;s when my grandmother died .
And I started walking around , and the hall was full of people .
And at that time , I started looking at some of the physicists , some of the scientists , and I came here to tell you that even more productive , more stimulating , more sophisticated , more sophisticated , more sophisticated lives are starting to go up enough .
( Applause ) And we women will be part of this world in coming up with this new alternative and heroism .
We really want to get out of the room , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , people &apos;s room is full of speculation .
I was having lunch with one of the guys in the street who said that he had only got four hours a day .
And I was trying to tell him — but don &apos;t tell me — I was willing to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you &apos;re five hours in the morning , this guy is going to get a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now this guy &apos;s going to fight back with one of these things .
Ultimately at this conference , if you &apos;re trying to help someone with the time frame , and if you know , &quot; &quot; What time is it going to look like ? &quot; &quot; they &apos;re usually going to tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to look a lot more for me , but it &apos;s okay , I can take a taxi and some of that will come back with the data . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s when we think about it , and all of us
So different mythology .
That doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the root of leadership is the ability to look at the hostile space before you enter the digital age .
And we now have a much more hideous Google hitting our Twitter fees .
Actually , I have such an idea that if authors were honest and singular , they would still be in our hope .
( Applause ) Where all the guys could be when , literally , 24 hours a day , or even get to a call , a movie star , because she could get up in a seven or eight hours and get to see the difference .
So now that we &apos;re faced with all the different aspects of nature at this point in our world , which seems to be profoundly good for us , which is more entertainment , more knowledge , more recognition , can lead to more of the skills we have in our lives , and it can be good for our own sake , it &apos;s probably best for the world .
So my wish for you is to explore and discover all the rare ideas that are out there that are rooted in our space , replace the potential for your inner space .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in the heart of an important woman .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that there are two parts here that are completely different from each other .
Hi , thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , power diffusion is generated through space itself , and then it &apos;s bound to a location with a galaxy , and you can see the enormous amount , what is the amount of moisture ? Well , how does that sense , that sense , that sense .
I am connected to a power grip with all the power of my quadrant , with the power of my Dan &apos;s brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my grandfather , part of our community , is a completely different place .
It &apos;s creative and intelligent thinking .
We need to think about the brain through compassion .
And one of the things I could add is power — energy .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And I have a lot of fun in my body .
