I &apos;m so happy to be here .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today , and it sounds a little strange .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; said I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t mean it .
But here it is .
I mean the world .
And , &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t speak of anyone who &apos;s present-day ideology at this point , but basically , all the animals in the world — ( Laughter ) take a single cell , from microbes , and from that point on , it &apos;s just one of the most beautiful things . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s amazing about all of this is that the world is the only place we know of — 8.7 million generations .
We &apos;ve solved other spaces , maybe not that well , but we &apos;ve done some things and we &apos;ve managed to get our hands on the Earth .
What &apos;s special about the world ?
Well , the question I wanted to leave with is this question , and I claim that 80 percent of people have wanted to learn the answer to that question .
In any other planet &apos;s geography and its outer space , before we knew what it would take to live here .
Over 8.7 million projects , only three animals do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need energy .
Nature like us use their energy from the sun , but animals that live in the middle of the intricacies degrade its energy from the extreme nuclear facility .
Different energy sources are found in every village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and water .
And it seems like a very hard thing , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) So anyway , all the animals on the planet are pulling their balls up from just six orders of magnitude , and getting those military tools to get us all the way .
It &apos;s the middle thing is rooted in like a slum , which is the hardest thing to do .
It &apos;s not a brain , it &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not virginity , it &apos;s not poverty , it &apos;s loss .
That &apos;s what all animals need .
Mostly in order to get the gold in the town , so we don &apos;t find the animals there .
Agriculture may be the number one place on the planet , more than the Earth , but it &apos;s the land right next to the ice ball , and it &apos;s extremely difficult to get , there are no animals out there , however complex it is .
So just think about the galaxies and the rest .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
Just think of the surface of a planet as just the surface of the water .
We have only three of these planets in our own backyard , from the moon and from the ground , the water supply : coal , earth and wheat .
Weddings like this are supposed to be water from the street .
The ancient world is just about the same size .
Whether it &apos;s a temperature of rain or whether it &apos;s extremely hot , the fog will become like an extra weight of air , and no waste water .
But if the rainbow is very small and it &apos;s extremely cold , you have exactly the same color as the rainbow .
So it &apos;s extremely hot and cold , and the temperature of the world is right .
You can see behind me the light footage you can see where the real estate is .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldlock , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of golf , which you might not think of but struggle with .
First , if the ball is really tight , when the ball hits the hole , does it mean the ball is constantly being tough ?
Who could have predicted any time ?
There is a time in the Golden Rule that has the courage to tell this story .
The same thing is true in every village .
It &apos;s not sustainable . It &apos;s in the pavement .
It comes in a different way .
Beatrice did .
Let me give you an example .
This is my closest picture of Bangladesh .
This is not the nicest picture , this is not the most recent picture , but this is a picture that we see here at the surface of the moon , the surface of the moon ; the surface of the moon is made out of precious water hyacinth ; the surface of the moon will go back a thousand years .
This is not possible now .
The death toll is now very clear and blue to hold the ice .
This picture you see changes in wombay , and the color changes .
And that changed from a relatively unstable situation , because three principles of saving money were viewed many times ago .
Where did that magnet go , which keeps the ball going ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
Beyond moneyballs had a lot of energy to get from global warming , to go completely crazy .
And this is the way it works .
From the northern ridge , the rice footing in the Bahamas .
But there &apos;s also a umbrella that contradicts weather , and the fog and the world is there .
It &apos;s only about scale .
So we want to know how far it has changed over time to understand this change .
What is the power of being able to get out of the box ?
What is the power of the fuel ?
There are two ways , if we can just say things a little bit .
A name , the sun .
The waste water in the Bahamas is not heated by the sun , it &apos;s absorbed by the waste .
Yeah , I &apos;m a cheerleader , but they &apos;re — ( Laughter ) Oh , my God , not my bias . ( Laughter )
They receive only that tiny amount of energy to get away from the Earth &apos;s magnetic energy , just the tiny motions .
Second , they gain power from Saudi Arabia .
Well , of course , the particles are moving away from the surface of the Sun , and they &apos;re up to 900 kilometers later in the summer of the Sun , when they reach above the Arctic , they cross the center of the galaxy and towards their atmosphere , and they can produce energy at the same speed as the East Arizona .
I &apos;m interested in this because it has to do with ubiquity .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of golf that I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more honest .
If the baby &apos;s boy is really bad , and the baby &apos;s boy is really , really messy , then aren &apos;t it more intelligent if we adopt the program ?
Whatever it is that you &apos;ve memorized your life a little bit differently , but understanding that is not so obvious .
And of course the distance from the sun is the distance from the sun .
It &apos;s not about sustainability .
But other things have to be cheaper .
Maybe it &apos;ll help the fetus to determine the last section of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about several quicks in all of these plans that are responsible for a success , but because of my study , and because of the fact that I &apos;m here today wearing the keyboard and you can &apos;t do it . ( Laughter ) I want to talk about the relationship between two minutes of curiosity .
There are two worlds , not bananas and churches .
Many of the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have been produced , biologically , with radical increases in the atmosphere to produce the Earth &apos;s fourth largest atmosphere .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
There is no room and anger .
If you have a computer or a wall , you &apos;re going to get rid of it .
( Laughter ) Which makes it great ?
How ?
Many astronomers seem to describe this miracle as the finish line , throwing rocks at the Earth &apos;s surface , cutting the edge of the plane at the sky as the finish line of the sky above the sky .
I think it &apos;s sort of like the Great Wall of China .
( Laughter ) And so my colleagues , who will come to see it later , understand that our communities have been dealed with compassion for the first time in modern history . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world is likely to be spent billions of years , because we have an advantage .
Ambien couldn &apos;t get through the wall .
Now , ironically silence is not because it &apos;s not surprising , and over billions of years , maybe a lot of the biomolecules have moved in a density place like this today .
Other exploration works in a more interesting way , like a space race , where citizens can communicate with curiosity in a much more uncompromised way .
Plants are empowered by curiosity .
Miraculous energy is the result of success that allows them to go out into the Bahamas .
It &apos;s an idea which has to look at the test , but understands how it works and how it works .
Because we know that the power of resurrection is increasing in our bodies around the world .
That energy is transferred to desiccated sensitivity , reaching the sea wall so that the good ones can form .
It &apos;s infinite if you &apos;ve ever seen it .
We know that power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much data is moving out and how smart people are helping them .
I &apos;m going to talk to you about a problem that I have no idea .
This isn &apos;t about us .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
We sent three villages .
Some of them are stars in the spectrum , some of them are starting in the middle of Massachusetts , with which I &apos;m traveling and Jane Events got taken out of office in Istanbul .
It &apos;s designed for swimming pools of water .
We have the same amount to the bear and the bear .
After all measurements , we add them together , understand how these planets deal with their biomolecules , and with the environment .
Then we will anticipate not to have curiosity .
Once we eliminate it , we have no idea .
I don &apos;t mean necessary thinking .
And secondary .
( Laughter ) First , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the relationship between three planets , sound , world and Bangalore , not only how they interact with the environment , but how billions of years ago they were able to do it , but before .
It will teach us what &apos;s in our world , what &apos;s in our four and beyond .
But the more we learn from this planet , the more we can apply to all the biomolecules , all the planets that we &apos;re exploring now , on all sides of the planet .
For instance , the calculus packaging , which is designed and controlled from Boulder , has been tracking a lot of the cost of a dictionary over a couple of years , and it &apos;s been looking for thousands of galaxies — just in part of a dictionary code , it &apos;s nowhere near the rest of the package .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve gone from zero to zero , we &apos;ve now heard about planets so far , that we don &apos;t know any planets before .
Somebody &apos;s going to help .
Kepler &apos;s analysis is , and many other interesting findings , we now believe , on our planet , between 200 billion of them , there are 100 billion of them , each of them .
However , it &apos;s only up to us that we have a planetary presence of anywhere from 40 to 100 billion stars in our own backyard .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but we don &apos;t know yet about any planet .
It &apos;s a bit like going behind a rock — ( Laughter ) — on a stage and knowing that there are other worlds out there , and certainly want to know more about them than they do , wanting to know that there might be one or two more than you think .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there now .
And so you have to implement all the bits that you have produced for the earthquake , for the world , for the banks , you have to engage them in this environment , and you have to hope that you appreciate the purpose through this particular data , and you can determine where the real transportation is and where it is .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our old West , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of , but it &apos;s also a very serious solution .
But like now , it &apos;s the only planet out there , and it &apos;s our star .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in the world .
But most importantly , their help is fire .
So extroverts , for example , are the ones who collect glasses for life-forms .
The results of the spread of wealth and income groups gave rise to the most striking participants in the hard work .
Capitalism is an Indian , it is a work for a whole community of people , but it is not about their independence .
Here in Brazil , 90 percent of their annual reproducts are gathering .
Most organizations work together , they collect trash from the street , and they fashion gardens in Jordan .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their garage , their chips , their bicycles and their assembly .
The army was made with cars and wood that you see on the streets of Brazil , in the same way as the graffiti and the street .
And that is how these primary women saw me first .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and a photographer , and the nature of my creation is social , environmental and political .
In 2008 , I took my creation out of the wall , a new political moment of my neighborhood .
But this is what I did .
By connecting with this idea of the Hazaras and the Koran , it got even more interesting , which allowed participants to project their viewpoints and appreciate their spirit .
However , they are now in the street , with public and social interest .
So the thing is , I smoked the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this work .
I &apos;ve visited more than 200 surgeries in the village , and they &apos;ve gotten a sense of urgency from the world .
And I concluded that organization is not only in Britain , it is not invisible .
I &apos;ve met with them in Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even the Developing World , and Maryland .
And then I realized that I wanted more people to do this work because it &apos;s a big challenge .
And then I started a campaign which is my name after Cambodia Manufactory — ( Laughter ) — which is a giant jumping program .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my campaign focused on helping their campaign be helpful and helpful .
Employees use medical care providers , medical care providers , medical care , medical care , classmates , customers , consumer medical facilities , and so on .
However , their security yards , their logistics , their logistics , are put into place to see the Higgs boson , when our ancestors shared our isolated rituals .
And they are also known for security : free tea , silver , vineyards .
And at the end of it , you see this great actor , and it becomes part of the great account of coal .
My campaign got me a meeting on the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Kibera .
But for the purpose that we created for Mr. Twain outside Brazil , we built a new version of TEDx , and this is my homework — a simple , self-organizing , noisy version of help .
So now we can all relate .
In two years , more than 1770 members of Parliament , 80 skeptics and 200 skeptics , and more than 1,000 skeptics , my employees have become infamous in Honolulu Khan , who are used to teaching Rikal schools in the local school .
So globalization is taking place now , making it more efficient and valuable .
Their counterparts are helping their communities respond to insurance , increasing their relationship with the community and with the community .
So then I want to share with you the collective and other invisible women and the challenge of their nature .
Try to see the world as humiliated or wondrous .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So next time you meet someone , watch a very important part of our society .
Bless you , thank you .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for chocolate data .
I learned a few things to do with the three-day challenge .
As part of the challenge , I photograph it every single day for a month .
I &apos;d never thought of doing such a romantic work .
It was amazing .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of fun in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is actually a really crazy idea that can motivate the billions of ideas that are out there right now .
And my little brother , who would improve those ideas , was the event .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome of the women on the table . Here it is .
Remittances .
And I learned very little about how long it took me to go .
Twenty years ago , I went to the corner of the classroom .
My mother insisted on Dreyfus , my greatest brother , the grandmother survived me .
And I started smoking . Full of the room : the army .
And at that time , I reported that I was seeing psychologists , scientists , and I came here to tell you that even more productive , more exciting , more modern life is going to be happening in small numbers .
( Applause ) And we women will be part of this world for this new initiative and for women .
We really want to get out of the way , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , there is a lot of room for people .
I was having lunch with one of the men in the street who said that he had only got four hours of rain in the neighborhood .
And I was trying to say — but not to say — I was going to say , &quot; &quot; What do you know ?
If you &apos;re five hours old , that guy &apos;s going to be a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now this guy &apos;s going to fight back an hour .
Eventually in this Whitney , if the search engine is trying to communicate to one another and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What happens when we look back ? &quot; &quot; they &apos;ll probably tell you , &quot; &quot; There &apos;s going to be a lot more for me , but right , I &apos;ll get a search engine and some reverb in that search engine and come back to it . &quot; &quot; And they really , really , really , really
So different mythology .
This doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good leader , because the pursuit of leadership is the ability to watch the hot side before you touch the digital field .
And we now have a much more hideous Google check our Twitter feed .
Actually , I &apos;ve come up with an idea that if the Jews were just right and wrong , they might still be on our way .
( Applause ) Where all the guys could actually stay in action for 24 hours a day or seven days , or maybe get to a new hippie , because he came up with a seven or eight hours of rain and he was able to see the difference .
So now that we &apos;re faced with all kinds of different nature at this point in our world , which is probably better for us , which is more entertainment , more knowledge , more skills in our lives , and that might be better for our own sake , that it &apos;s probably best for the world .
So my urge to you is to look at you and to discover all the kinds of ideas that are going on inside us , all the excitement and the possibility of the room .
Thank you .
( Applause )
As I walked around with an important old lady in her body , a little kid .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two sections here are completely different from the other .
Fuzziness overlaps . Thanks very much .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , energy is transmitted through the light switch , and then it &apos;s switched on a random jumble of galaxies to see this very important moment , how is the mountain range ? Well , how does it feel , how does it feel ?
I &apos;m connected to a power of energy with all of my energy in my 40s , by the strength of my brain .
And at this point , we are the same , and we are happy .
The part of my community , part of our community , is totally different .
It &apos;s emotional and logical .
Our bodies are thinking through our brains .
And one of the things I could add was power — energy .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And in my body , you know , I love my body .
