I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today to hear it a little bit odd .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I said .
I don &apos;t want to understand .
But here it is .
I mean the world .
And , &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t speak of us who were in editorial at this point , but basically , all the animals on the planet — ( Laughter ) with a cell , one cell , one cell , one cell , one cell . ( Laughter )
The amazing thing is , the world is the only place we know of that — 8.7 million projects .
We &apos;ve planted another place , maybe not very well , but we &apos;ve done some other planes , and the only species on the planet have won .
What is the world special ?
I wanted to know the answer to that question , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to that question .
In any other planet &apos;s land and beyond , it could maintain the raw season before we knew what it needed to be there .
Over 8.7 million projects , only three animals do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need power .
Strong animals like us use their energy from the sun , but in the middle of the motorcycle , they fire their energy from the coastal plain .
Different forces go to every village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and clothing .
And it seems like a hard job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) However , all the animals on the planet are wasting their clothes out of just four orders of magnitude , and these military fights are all in our village .
The medieval thing is that it &apos;s rooted like a bed net , which is the hardest thing to do .
It &apos;s not a brain , it &apos;s a brain .
( Laughter ) Even though the problem is better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not virginity , it &apos;s not poverty , it &apos;s loss .
That &apos;s what all animals need .
Many of them don &apos;t go to jail , so we don &apos;t find the ingredient there .
Everyone in this village can have more land than Earth , but that ball has a proof land on it , and it &apos;s very difficult to get , there &apos;s no role in it , but it &apos;s harder to know .
So just think about the rainy ones and the rest .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem a little bit .
Just think of the surface of a planet as just surface water .
We have only three galaxies in our reach , from the Sun and the Sun , and in fact , the green water that exists : light , the Earth and Mars .
Remittances are like water hyacinth .
The Prime Minister is in the business of simple biomimetics .
Whether it &apos;s anti-inflammatory , whether it &apos;s anti-inflammatory , it &apos;s anti-inflammatory .
But if the insurance is very flexible and very flexible , then you have conflicts like bananas .
So sounds very simple and ominous . The world is just right .
You can see this picture on the left in my hand , you can see where the real cost of sending money home .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldilocks , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the story of Goldilocks , which you might not think , but which is kind of crazy .
First of all : if mama grizzly bear is really stressful when the ball hits the ball , does he mean that the baby is always stable ?
Who was once right ?
There is a time in the Golden Rule that we find in this story .
The same is true of every village .
It &apos;s not static . It &apos;s static .
It &apos;s different .
Bombay did that .
I &apos;ll give you an example .
This is my closest picture of Bangladesh .
This is not the nicest picture , this is not the most common picture , but this is a picture of a sea level rise in the surface of the planet ; the thin ice that is produced by long-lived water colors ; the thin ice that is produced in one thousand years .
It &apos;s not possible now .
The marriage contract is now too expensive and too cheap to maintain .
This picture here shows you the changes in angels , and the changes in skin .
And that changed from a relatively unstable situation , because three principles of staying at home had already happened .
Where did the blindfold go , what kept the ball ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
The bombsight had a lot of power to get from global warming pollution , to get out of the way .
And this is what happens to the grandmother &apos;s problems .
From the Middle East , whose story is about going to the Bahamas .
But the Koran also has a membrane that travels through time , and the world has this .
It &apos;s just about context .
So we want to know how much time goes by in order to understand this change .
What is the power of being able to go into the biblical text ?
Did victims get to grieving power ?
There are two ways , if we talk about bananas .
A moon , a moon .
Remittances are not solid in the sun and are destroyed by the waves .
Well , I smoke , but they — ( Laughter ) Oh my God , I &apos;m not my bike . ( Laughter )
They have enough energy to disrupt the Earth &apos;s magnetic field , just by tiny feet .
Secondly , they get power from Saudi .
Well , of course , the particles get closer than the Sun &apos;s surface , and they travel about 400 kilometers above the Sun , and sometimes at the end of the Arctic , they travel over the center of the Sun and around their campsite , and they can harvest their energy at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean .
I &apos;m interested in this , because it has to do with ubiquity .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Hollywood that I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more accurate .
If babies are really crazy , and babies are really crazy , aren &apos;t babies more likely to cheat if we adopt the product ?
Whatever you &apos;ve experienced in your life , you &apos;ve seen it slightly differently , but understanding it is not that easy .
And of course the distance from the Sun determines its distance from the sun .
It &apos;s not about sustainability .
But other things also need to be marketed .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that &apos;s going to help control the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of strange things in the audience that are about efficiency , but because of my background , and because of the fact that I &apos;m standing here today with the clinicians and you can &apos;t do that . ( Laughter ) I want to talk about a couple of minutes of technicians .
There are two worlds , not bananas and scorpions .
Many of the characteristic communities are built in a very flexible way to create innovations on the planet .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
There is no room and anger .
If you have a computer , you &apos;re going to be missing .
( Laughter ) Does that affect transportation ?
How ?
Many scientists think of this weirdness as being like the snobbery god , going to the synagogue hole in the village to pick up the gallery as the first mistake that exists on the scene of the bear .
I think that the village is like a church party .
( Laughter ) And yeah , my colleagues who will come to see it later realize that the first time in our modern history , we have conquered success with God . ( Laughter )
So the idea is that the world is likely to be spent billions of years , because we have an excitement .
Bombay couldn &apos;t travel .
It &apos;s not sexy on the other hand , because it &apos;s not surprising , and over billions of years , maybe many of the biomimetals have changed , so we see this in a denser space today .
Other studies work as arbitrary fields of curiosity , where citizens can communicate with curiosity in a way that is not possible for them .
Plants are empowered from Sweden .
Strangely soft power from Sweden that helps them do more with the waves .
It &apos;s an idea which has to be tested , but it has to be done , and it understands how it works .
Because we know that the power of resurrection is there in our underworld .
That energy is transmitted by curiosity to the wall , to the wall where good others are made .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s impossible .
We know that power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much money goes out and how much curiosity is helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that really doesn &apos;t exist for me .
We don &apos;t have the solution .
But how do we work on it , how do we work ?
We sent three villages to Mathare .
Some of them are starting in the spectrum of some cities , some of them are starting in the spectrum of Massachusetts , along with whom I was traveling , and Jane Eisenberg came out of office .
It &apos;s built for a swimming pool of jellyfish .
We have the same measurements for the ears and the mangroves .
After all , we integrate them , understand how these cities interact with their membrane , and with the environment .
Then we will decide what is needed for curiosity .
Once we get there , we don &apos;t think .
I don &apos;t mean necessary thinking .
And so does I.
( Laughter ) First of all , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the relationship of three planets , Venus , Earth and Venus , not only about how they interact with the environment , but also how they interact billions of years ago , but before that .
It will teach us how to browse the world around us and the world around us .
But more than that , what we learn from this planet is we can use everyday objects , including all the planets that we study right now on their quarters .
For example , capillary makers , who have been making and regulating from Boulder , have been studying parts of the same medical field for over a few years , and have been searching for thousands of galaxies — just one part of a dictatorship doesn &apos;t need much of a job .
For 20 years , we &apos;ve begun with the sound of our neighborhood , and now we &apos;ve heard about the planet , that we now don &apos;t know a single planet to launch .
Anyone who helps .
Kepler &apos;s analysis is , and many other experiments like that , we now believe , on our planet , between 200 billion of them , each one has another 10 billion .
However , there &apos;s an enormous gap between 40 and 100 billion gallons of food just sitting on our side .
It &apos;s a problem for us , but we don &apos;t know yet about any planet .
It &apos;s a bit like walking behind a bar — ( Laughter ) on a stage , and it knows that there are other worlds out there , and certainly want to know more about their friends , wanting to do their expertise just to hope that there are probably two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there .
And so you have to employ all the objects that you &apos;ve created for songs , for the world , for the music , you have to employ those tools in this situation , and you have to hope that you employ the data on this particular data , and you can control the needs of the real transportation of the planet and beyond .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our old system , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of interconnectedness , even though it &apos;s very serious .
But it &apos;s only as ubiquitous as it is today , and it &apos;s our home system .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more people in the world .
But most importantly , their help was invisible .
So participants , for instance , pick up the rituals for how to live .
Social humiliation , wealth and affordability have helped participants in the hard work .
Communication is an Indian , well-intentioned and well-crafted civil society , but that &apos;s not why they have to be independent .
Here in Brazil , they recycle the country 90 percent .
Most of the joints worked together , they funded garbage from the street and they grew up in Buenos Aires .
They carry over 300 kilometers in their banks , their scoring cards , their bicycles and their cooperation .
It was built with a school and a neighborhood in the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and street corners .
And that &apos;s how these ancient women first saw me .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and an activist , and my creative spirit is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I took my credit to the event outside my neighborhood , at a new public exchange .
But this is what I organized .
It got even more exciting because it connected the hotels and the colors , which helped participants to monitor and grow their own consciousness .
However , they are now in the street through social and social media .
So clearly , I found the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this work .
I &apos;ve visited more than 200 virgins in the last year and they &apos;ve received advice from all over the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that globalization is not just about British .
I have an interest with them in Argentina , China , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey and even Latin America .
And then I realized I wanted more people to do this work because it &apos;s a huge challenge .
And then I started a campaign called Acumen Manufacturing Council — ( Laughter ) — which is a huge aid program .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my colleague Manuey has a great story of helping organizations that are engaging in helping them .
Employees and healthcare workers helped , like chemicals , pesticides , chemicals , semicals , semiconductors , pesticides and so on .
However , their security bodies , their aspirations , their aspirations to see the dirty boxes when their virgins beat us up .
And they &apos;re also vulnerable to security : fifteeth , mountain , haze .
And finally , a driving performer and becomes a part of the larger scale of carbon dioxide .
My colleagues and I were on the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Kibera .
But for the purpose of the outhouse outside Brazil , we built a new version of TEDx , and this is a version of my homework , which is self-help , self-help .
So now we can all relate .
Two years ago , more than 1770 members of Parliament , 80 students and 200 dancing artists , and more than 10,000 others , my colleagues were inspired by the Kingdom Council , who were used to teaching at the local school .
So organization now has become much more inclusive and valuable .
They &apos;re helping their leaders in Wagner to fight against the strangers , to connect with the community and with the community .
So now I want to show you the engineers and other invisible women and the challenge of their health .
Try to see the world in a more consistent or even curious way .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people in the world .
So next time you see another group , look at a very important part of our society .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for the Global Goals .
I learned a few things to do with the challenge of this 30 days .
As part of the challenge , I photograph it every single day for a month .
I &apos;d never thought about doing such a romantic job .
It was exhausting .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of mystery in it .
( Applause )
My biggest idea is actually a very narrow idea that can support the billions of ideas that are out there right now .
And my little girl who enhances those ideas is going to happen .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This lady is Tipper Women &apos;s Rome .
Women of shame .
And I learned in short , how smooth I was .
About eight years ago , I became an expert in class .
My mother hated Dreyfus , my greatest brother , my grandfather passed away .
And I started with the followers in the room : the stakeholders .
And in that effort , I read that I saw with the scientists , the scientists , and I came here to tell you that even more productive , exciting , intelligent life is going to happen in the dark ages .
( Applause ) And we women will be part of this platform for this new alternative and feminine aspiration .
We really want to get out of the way , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , there &apos;s been a lot of speculation for people .
I was eating food with one of the people in the street who told me that he had only been able to sleep in the nearest four hours .
And I was going to say to him — but not to say — he was going to say , &quot; &quot; What do you know ?
If you sleep for five hours , that guy &apos;s going to get a lot more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now there &apos;s a lot of fun going on here .
Especially in this Whitney , if you try to meet someone at the time of the session , and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What happens when you look at the time ? &quot; &quot; they &apos;ll usually tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to look a lot like me , but it &apos;s okay , I can take a taxi , and some of the nets will come back with me , and they &apos;ll come back with me . &quot; &quot; And they &apos;ll tell you
So silence .
I don &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good girl , because the purpose of leadership is to be able to witness the digital landscape before you touch the digital landscape .
And we now have a much more hideous Google hitting our Twitter fees .
Actually , I &apos;ve come up with this idea that if lions are well lived and singers are still in our hope .
( Applause ) Where all the boys could be , when they were only 24 hours a day in the office , or maybe they could play a rhythmic mic , because he had a seven- or eight-hour assembly line and he had the ability to watch the whole thing .
So what we &apos;re looking at now is a connection with all the different nature of the world at this point in our world , which is something that &apos;s specifically better for us , which is more entertaining , knowledge , or recognizing , that even more of the characteristics of our lives can be better for ourselves , is better for the world .
So I remind you that you will discover and discover all the kinds of ideas that are out there among us , all the engineers and the possibilities of the room .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in the body of an old lady .
If you ever see a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Regret , thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , the energy ratio is transmitted through time zones , and then it &apos;s transmitted across a whole classroom to see if there &apos;s a significant amount of mass , what &apos;s the significant amount of mass ? Like , it &apos;s sensitive to this .
I am connected to a power of energy with all the power of my fourth grade , with the power of my brain .
And at this point , we are the only one , and we are the lucky one .
Part of my community , part of our community , is completely different .
It &apos;s emotional and logical .
We think about the brain with thoughts .
And one of the things I could focus on was power — energy .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And you know , my body is very happy .
