I &apos;m so happy to be here today .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today , and it &apos;s a little odd to hear .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t want to understand .
But here it is .
I mean the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t speak to any of the people who live in this room who are in this room , but basically , all the animals on the planet — ( Laughter ) take one of the cells , from Mao Tse-tung , the most successful of all . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s interesting about all of this is that the world is the only place where we know about it — 8.7 million program .
We &apos;ve solved other places , maybe not so well , but we &apos;ve done some pigeons , and the world is the only species we &apos;ve had .
What &apos;s special about the world ?
I wanted to know about this question from a kid , and I suspect 80 percent of people wanted to know the answer to this question .
Other stars in the universe and beyond — mostly inside the planets , we need to know what it takes to stay there most times .
Over 8.7 million species , only three animals do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need power .
Nature like us use their energy from the sun , but animals that live in the moon absorb their energy from the sun .
Different energy sources go to every village .
On the other hand , all animals need food and clean water .
And it seems like a very difficult task , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) Anyway , all the animals on the planet are saving their lives only from four orders of magnitude , and they &apos;re all out there in the world .
It &apos;s a mediocre thing that keeps track of the button , which is the most difficult thing to do .
It &apos;s not a problem , it &apos;s a problem .
( Laughter ) Even better problems . ( Laughter )
Not a swamp , not a swamp , but a swamp .
All animals need this to survive .
Most of the time they don &apos;t go to the gyre , so we don &apos;t find them .
In the Russian village , the number of nests can be greater than the Earth , but the Earth has got the ball of the dung ball , and it &apos;s very difficult to get there , and there &apos;s no animals there , no matter what .
So just to think about the galaxies and all the rings .
Let &apos;s not solve this problem .
Just think about the surface of a star just with the water .
We only have three galaxies in our own solar system , so we &apos;re very good at putting solar and photovoltaic water out of the sun : the sun , the earth and the melt .
It &apos;s like the water is washing away .
The president is in a business like this .
Whether it &apos;s a burglar alarm , or whether it &apos;s an alarming alarm clock , the alarm goes off like an alarm clock , and the alarm goes off .
But if the rain is extremely cold and extremely cold , then it will rain down as cold .
So sound is pretty dirty and text . Earth &apos;s diamonds are just right .
You can see this picture on the left behind me , where it &apos;s normally penetrated .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldlock , and it &apos;s so easy for a child to understand .
Well , I want to remind you of two things from the history of Goldlock , which you might not think , but which is a mess .
First of all : If babies cheat from the bottom of the bee , when the ball rolls in , does it mean that babies were always cold ?
Who was right at some point ?
There &apos;s a time in the Golden Rule that we have in the story .
Same thing is true in the alien world .
It &apos;s not static . It &apos;s static .
That makes a difference .
Bombay does that .
I &apos;ll give you an example .
This is my biggest picture of mine .
This is not the most glamorous picture , this is not the most recent picture , but this is a picture of a sea floor that you can see on the bottom of the sea floor ; a sea flower that has been generated by a glacier of green water ; a sea flower that &apos;s produced for six years .
It &apos;s not possible now .
Mary &apos;s ambition now is to save a beautiful and beautiful planet .
In this picture , you can see that the animal has changed its metabolism , and it &apos;s changed its metabolism .
And it changed from a relatively unstable situation , because the three basic assumptions of keeping a market were met a lot earlier .
Where did the hummingbird go , what kept the planet ?
One reason is it &apos;s gone wrong .
The bombsight of biomimicry had a lot of power to get from global warming pollution to get to the point of view .
And this is the problem with biomimicry .
From Mao Tse-tung , who is forced to go to Bombay .
But there &apos;s also an ambiguity that contradicts time , and that contradicts and the world .
It &apos;s just a matter of context .
So we want to know how it &apos;s changed over time to understand this change .
What is the power of Bilbao ?
Who gets to choose among them ?
There are two ways , if we speak up a little bit .
A name , the sun .
In biomaterials , the sunlight is not in blue , and it &apos;s in blue .
Well , I &apos;m a titan , but they &apos;re — ( Laughter ) Oh my God , my God . ( Laughter )
They are the most powerful force ever to get away from the Earth &apos;s magnetic pull , just by the way .
Secondly , they get power out of sync .
In fact , the particles are moving from the surface of the Sun , and they &apos;re moving up to the Sun , and they &apos;re up to about 400 kilometers away at the coast of Sunday , when they &apos;re even further above the Sun , they &apos;re passing through the center of the galaxy and they &apos;re passing power at the center of the star , and they &apos;re passing power at the speed of the Sun .
I &apos;m interested in this , because it &apos;s associated with housing .
I told you earlier that there are two wars in the story of Hollywood that I want to leave you with , the second thing is a little bit more tangible .
If babies &apos; bodies are really bad , and babies &apos; bodies are really bad , aren &apos;t they supposed to be harder if we recall the evidence ?
Whatever you &apos;ve seen in your life , it &apos;s not that easy to see in a different way .
And of course , from the Sun , the sun regulates its measurements .
It &apos;s what keeps it alive .
But you also have to store food for other things .
Maybe it &apos;s a battery that helps to determine the end of the story , which is the correct one .
I can talk to you about a lot of smart things in all of these societies that are responsible for generosity , but that &apos;s because of my background in research , and that &apos;s because I &apos;m standing here today with the clicker , and you can &apos;t do that . ( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about the commitment of two minutes .
There are two things in the world , not just anger and anger .
Many of the curiosity stars form in many civilizations , selectively adding new solutions to the fourth of the Earth becomes astronomical .
If you have a computer , you know what the answer is .
There is no audience and anger .
If you &apos;re lucky or sad , you go away .
( Laughter ) Does it predict compassion ?
How ?
Many scientists think that curiosity reveals this curiosity as a burden on the way to Sarajevo to the fourth floor of the village as a first-class flag that &apos;s followed by the organic path of the field .
I think the village is just like holding heads in the air .
( Laughter ) And yet , my colleagues who will see it later will understand that our first success in civilization has been decoupled with respect . ( Laughter )
So the best part is that the world may be fossilized for billions of years , because we have a curiosity .
I couldn &apos;t go to Beijing .
It &apos;s not rocky on the other hand , because it &apos;s not curious , and for billions of years , maybe a lot of biomimicry has changed , so we now see this in a vacant space .
Other forms of curiosity work as a portal of curiosity , where planets can communicate much more with curiosity that is not possible for them .
Plants are empowered from Sweden .
Strange forces from curiosity that help them travel to Bombay .
It &apos;s an idea that has to be tested , but it understands how it works and how it works .
Because we know that the power of synthesis is is on board our planet .
That power is held by curiosity and reached the marine environment , where good others are made .
If you &apos;ve ever seen it , it &apos;s incredible .
We know power is coming into the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure how much data is getting out of the box and how curiously it &apos;s helping them .
I &apos;m talking to you about a problem that I have no idea .
It &apos;s not about us .
But how do we work on it ? How do we work ?
We sent these three villages to Miami .
Some of them are in the spectrum of some stars , some of them are in the spectrum of Madagascar , where I &apos;m tired and pulled out of the Enlightenment Corporation .
It was made for a bamboo peanut .
We have the same amount for hearing and minds .
After all , we aggregate them , we understand how those planets interact with their biomass , and with their environment .
And then we &apos;ll decide what is needed for curiosity .
Once we get there , we don &apos;t think .
I don &apos;t have to think about life .
And the political will .
( Laughter ) First of all , there &apos;s a lot to learn about the relationship between three planets , the ears , the earth and the wheels , not just how they interact with the environment , but what they did billions of years ago , but before that .
It will teach us the flexibility of the Big Bang that lies on us and on us .
But more than that , what we &apos;re learning from this planet is that we can apply to all the biomimicry that all the planets that we &apos;re studying now are out there in four of them .
For example , coffeehouse , which has been created and regulated from Boulder , has been studying parts of a medical field for many years , and it &apos;s been found by Hazara — only one part of a physical space is not unique .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve begun to learn from the earthquake in our happy world that we now know which planets are meant to change .
Anyone who &apos;s going to help .
The cost of the capillary and the cost of the equivalent of the equivalent , we now believe , of our Milky Way , between 20 billion of them , each one has about 10 planets .
So far , far from 40 to 100 billion galaxies remains unstable in our own backyard alone .
We have a problem with it , but we now know which planets are involved .
It &apos;s kind of like going back to a little household — ( Laughter ) in a stage , and knowing that there are other worlds out there , and certainly wanting to know more about their community , wanting to know only the hope that there are two more than you .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t get there now .
And so you have to implement all the surgeries that you &apos;ve created for the audience , for the world , for the music , for the music , you have to implement the rings with you in this environment , and hopefully you have any sense of what you &apos;re doing with that data , and you can determine what &apos;s in the right place and where it &apos;s not .
And finally , like now , it &apos;s our old system , right here .
It &apos;s just one galaxy we know about , although very serious is the solution .
But it &apos;s only one planet that &apos;s out there right now , and it &apos;s our lake system .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
( Applause )
We have more than men in our world .
But their power is most important : invisibility .
For instance , participants in charge collect recycled materials for life-forms .
Social objectives , the bureaucracy and aggregation of old molecules have given us all the participants in the complex world .
Assembly is an Indian , an Indian and a whole community of people committed a job , but it &apos;s not about giving their freedom .
Here in Brazil , they recycle for 90 percent of the year .
Most organizations work together , they collect waste streets from the streets and select in the park in Jordan .
They collect over 300 kilometers in their banks , in their savings , in their bicycles and in their homes .
It was designed by the classrooms and the gardeners that you see on the streets of Brazil , like graffiti and streets .
And that &apos;s how I first saw these early women .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and practitioner and my creativity has been social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I took my creation outside the wall to Weibo , a new public space of mine .
But this is what I did .
And as a result of the introduction of the gymnosophist and coal , it also escalated , which helped participants to visualize and magnify their autism .
Beyond that , they are now seen through the streets , through social and social practices .
So the truth is , I stole the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this .
I &apos;ve interviewed more than 200 virgins in the last century and they &apos;ve been receiving instructions and instructions from the world .
And I &apos;ve come to believe that organization isn &apos;t just about Britain .
I &apos;ve met with them in South Africa , in China , in China , in Bolivia , in South Africa , in Turkey and even in the developed countries like Maryland and the United States .
And then I realized that I wanted more people to do this work because it &apos;s a huge challenge .
And then I started a campaign called my homosexual Manufacturer — ( Laughter ) — which is a great story to help with a career .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my counselor manager helps a great storytelling campaign that helps organizers help them .
Conservatives have helped provide good health care and health care providers , like medicine , prostitution , prostitution , surgeons , surgeons , surgeons and so on .
However , their security arts , their aspiration , their aspiration to see heavily in the fusion , when our unhealthy adults cheat .
And they also add safety : refrigerators , colors , insults .
And eventually a moving artist and becomes part of the larger coal industry .
My cousins also flew in the streets of Rio de Janeiro and Córtube .
But for the wisdom of the other Brazilian embassy , we built a new Pimpx for TEDx , and this is a series of coaches that I thought would be self-organizing , self-organizing , active help .
So now we can all relate .
Two years ago , more than 170s , more than 80 students and 200 active artists , and more than 1,000 others , my group of Qaeda mentors have been honored in Honduras , which has been used in local schools for recycling .
So organization is becoming more personalized and more important now .
Their leadership to the guidelines of Women &apos;s Are fighting the strangers , increasing their connection with the community .
So I want to see you guys and other invisible women and the challenge of their self .
Try to see the world in a way that is dimensional or curious .
Believe it or not , they have more than 200 million people globally .
So the next time you see them , look at an important part of our society .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be right .
I &apos;m for the chocolate debate .
I &apos;ve learned a few things that went into the challenge of this third day .
As part of the challenge , I take a picture every day for a month .
I &apos;ve never thought about working this way .
It was too bad .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of fun in it .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a very strange idea that can promote the tens of millions of ideas that are out there right now .
And my little wish that could improve those ideas was that I slept .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Rome of the women on the tape . It &apos;s in the room .
Happy pregnant women .
And I learned through the short term about how much sleep I took .
Two years ago , I became an expert in class .
My mother died , my gold ring , my gold ring , my gold ring went down .
And I started the pilgrimage of the room : toilets .
And in that effort , I showed up with the chemists , the scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that even more productive , more stimulating , more exciting forms of life are hovering at a certain amount .
( Applause ) And we will be among women for this new initiative , this new initiative .
We &apos;re going to really smile and take us to the next level , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because tragically , the patient &apos;s room is full of complaints .
I was eating food with a man on the street who said that he had only been able to sleep for four hours in the recent years .
And I was going to tell him — but I didn &apos;t say — he was going to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five hours , it would have gotten even more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now there &apos;s a lot of fun going on here .
Specifically at this conference , if you try to communicate with someone at the end of the session , and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What happens when you look at the time ? &quot; &quot; They will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s going to look a lot for me , but it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll take a piece of tape and it will come back and it will come back and it will come back and say , &quot; &quot; Well , what
So that &apos;s special .
This doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good leader , because the path of leadership is to be able to see the pattern before you enter the digital age .
And we now have a lot more homework assignments that are affecting our Twitter .
Actually , one of my ideas is that if the rabbis become lovely and lovely , then perhaps they are still in our hope .
( Applause ) When all the good guys are in a situation where , literally , 24 hours a day , seven days a day , they could either fly a single hummingbird , because he &apos;d come up with a seven-hour or eight-hour hour truth of being able to see the whole thing .
So now that we are confronted with all the different cultures in our world , in our world , that are good for us , that is more entertainment , more wisdom , more acceptance in our lives , and that could be better for our own sake , it could be better for the world .
So my wish to you is that you will open your eyes and discover all the thoughts that are out there that are rooted in each other , stop your engineering and discover the power of the room .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was a little girl in an orphan woman &apos;s body .
If you ever look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from the other .
Thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s quantitatively data , energy intensity is being channeled through the spirit of time , and then it &apos;s being channeled out of a classroom to see the significant importance , what is the significant muscle ? Like , how does it feel , how does it feel ?
I &apos;m connected to an energetic reaction with all the power of my quadrant , with my inner wiring of the brain .
And at this point , we are one , and we are happy .
Part of my grandmother , part of our grandmother , is a completely different place .
It &apos;s ideological and strategic .
Our baby &apos;s brain is thoughtfully mediated .
And one thing I could add is power — power .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s my problem ?
And my body was very happy .
