At the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people active using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people will realize is that they will all die .
While this may be a pretty bold idea , I think it has a really deep meaning to explore .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a scientist and technologist journalist , who died of a late , online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an entry .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally unlocked from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would upload this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Now , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more careful than most people , but in fact , all of us today are creating
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million blacks are being sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could have done is a few photos and a few photos of a house or a grandmother who lives in a box now .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that will live in the cloud for a year , a year after you won &apos;t .
And I think this will create some incredibly intriguing technological possibilities .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a story about what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media reports after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Oh .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but whenever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidi.e. till it falls .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook afternoon when you die .
The next service is called 1,000 Remembrance .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze more than 90,000 hours of movies of home .
I think while machines can understand human language and deal with huge amounts of data improves , analyzing somebody &apos;s life wealth is going to be possible — &quot; &quot; Tvitus , &quot; &quot; pictures , video videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating these large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital identity will continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , because of the amount of content that we create and technology can do it meaningfully .
We can already see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Twist &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions about what you might say in your next news .
Well , now , as you can see , the outcomes can be static .
But you can imagine how someone will do it in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technology will advance .
Fast-forward , MIT &apos;s media lab is working to manage robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with a unique human characteristic , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that humans have created in their lives ?
After all , think about this gigantic stage and election night in 2008 in America , when CNN broadcast live through will.org. — hip hop is a holographic holographic in your study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same kind of embellishment of our loved ones to transfer to our websites — combine them in a very similar way in our lives , in all the content that this person had built for the rest of their lives .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we use and the capacity of technology to understand them and to broaden exponentially .
So in conclusion , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that is the case , what it will mean by definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them restarters .
These are people who have made a career transition to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interests or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career staff : veterans , soldiers , pensioners , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because there &apos;s no relationship between the workers and the reporter .
When people see the vulnerability in their lives , they describe themselves as the risks in their lives , and the people who make a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work long .
It &apos;s this issue of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful replacers are everywhere in all fields .
This is Sam Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in the U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career transition , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Corporation Service , who returned to work for a community service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest crossing I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O didn &apos;t work for five years in the beginning of his career .
And here is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Three came back to the eye of Today Show descriptions given to people who tried to come back now , but struggled .
Three years ago , there was a mother of five who loved being at home , but when she got home , she needed to get back to work , and she really wanted to get back to work in her life because she loved working .
Three did what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for financial resources , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months studying companies online , and she was running for jobs without any oversight results .
I met Tracy , June 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for a job and tell everyone they knew that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a sailor who finally gets the chance to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you the discovery I made when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
People &apos;s views on you are in a tight time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your own backyard , the people you work with or teach with , they remember you as you were before the career break .
And even though our comprehension of time goes down , what happens to most of us , the further we are separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my microbus a day after day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a wonderful encouragement to have a connection with these people and to hear their passion for going back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t want business news .
My area is financial , and I followed severely the news when I was at home growing up with my four young children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that restarters are the absence of labor force , and that &apos;s why .
We have less settlement or employment .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find a way to work .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
The other side of the medal , when I talk to workers , is two concerns that the workers have when they &apos;re restarters .
First of all , workers are excited that restarters are disrupted from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been a technologically challenged person , and that &apos;s just the state of the art .
I had been doing financial analysis for so long that I used Flight 1 to 2 to 3 .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m using it all the time now .
I say to restarters , the workers are expecting them to come to work with their basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility to remember .
And they blame .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is that they don &apos;t care that restarters don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to restarters , they need to work very well , and they need to figure out whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s the reaster responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of short-term work-life paid , whether you call it bullying or not , but it was a mind-blowing experience , as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a collaborative reintegrating program .
I saw a return engineer , a missioned reintegration candidate , run for the initial post-conflict software in the military , and then have a permanent job .
I saw two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s an article in the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; A 40-Years Review . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old student standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they named the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year survivor . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegration program for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go to the permanent location get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegration programs for engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Health Initiative .
Why do companies choose to reintegrate ?
Because instincts allow employees to find real-world examples , instead of talking to each other , and employees don &apos;t have to make a long-term job decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that the leaders take on giving risks to the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think about how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , the majority of the workers were not interested in establishing restarters .
But now , not only is it designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their return to the workforce was their reintegration programs .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be no five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened to Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the familiar people that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and this was the work of the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would happen to something else , but they couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was November 2011 .
Three of them liked a company and a colleague , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this wild and expect the best .
Well , she posted all their purposes , and the company not only offered her persistent work in the early 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And then in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Three hours of work was a trial , just like a castle , and it ended up being both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a staff or a stolen service provider who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Focus the first success story of their success , and you can become an example of where other reporter come .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I now work in the solar industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to get serious about the environment .
They use crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can cut the blood a little bit .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the top .
The answer is yes .
Then , it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , and you can make a conclusion .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So , specifically defined , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very carefully was the network of ownership .
And we also found the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Are they going to reach out and not join ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to ask you to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a Danish artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call the &quot; &quot; Sit Telescope . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird tool kit , always asking me to do something for it , as though I was the continuity of his body : to either turn on the lights or to bring out the glass water , a packet of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a good person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was his way of using a mobile phone .
He would lift his shoulder and expect me to get a prime number .
So , as an answer and a gift to my uncle , I made &quot; &quot; Sit down the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
It &apos;s exactly how my uncle uses a single person &apos;s phone .
But when I left home and went to college , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built this gold writing machine that he could borrow from his sons and daughters around the world .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pencil , print out his email and instruction and pull out the paper .
This device automatically sends a message to the person that &apos;s pretending to be empty .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my uncle works only with mechanical interface .
And of course , the object had to be especially prone and caught up with ritual aura , like my uncle and likes .
The next piece is the soundscape , the soundscape feeling that we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very nice , sensitive and lovely gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : we put a sheet on the wall , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they sort of swoop out in the air .
And if it gets quieter , they repel their poles .
And from the smallest sound , they bounce off .
So we put these tiles on top of three room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheaters behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
As soon as the environment becomes silent , they seem to come out of the closet .
They &apos;re hearing the same way as humans or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to sounds .
You &apos;ll hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were very interested in creating them as animals .
So each cheap — self-behavior , psychology , boring , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
And of course , we did a great job of it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility of communicating with the idea of invisible .
How could you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a video camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people around the room and change one of their phones so that I can &apos;t see it .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right is my colleague Soren , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded in which the camera was turned into an invisible camera .
Short falls into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it and going off .
This is a very early video that has never been resolved before , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then we put the monitors on each wall .
Every time people would walk into the room , they would see themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as the group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; The Solar Shelf . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s drawing weight or a solar cooker .
This object looked very strong and robust , and in between it was very weak .
So people would come into the room and not pay attention to him because they thought it was nothing .
But as soon as they walked through the country , he was praying to go up the wall .
And then eventually they got tired and they screamed .
( Laughter ) This work is a human-centered cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it kind of rolls into a shadow , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It wraps around on its head like a headache , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by circumference .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the ground would be very flat , it would end up climbing all the space .
And there are no wires or wires .
Let me give you an example : People enter into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , you get up on the stairs , you get up on the stairs , and it looks like it &apos;s going to fall over .
And this is an important point , because this is how we wanted to acquire the willingness to run for him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because at the end of the day , he sort of rebounds himself .
This piece was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard and hard , just like most of our work , to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify the moment of his critic , because if we were to make it so that he would turn around , he would be embarrassed , but if he wasn &apos;t sufficient , he wouldn &apos;t get the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip that we &apos;re actually testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my friend . He &apos;s leaving the object .
He &apos;s getting sick now , so he &apos;s running out of support .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object self-assembles .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly involved in , and we &apos;ve been working with aesthetics , with a lot of different jewelry displays , looking like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of that we carried around the shape of the spaceship being folded in the palace .
Our idea was to reverse something as cold , as remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a swimming pool , so emotional and intimate .
And the idea behind that was that after you spend your time looking at this shape as a butterfly , and you learn to understand it more like a gap in space , as if you were watching it at night sky .
And this is the last work , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small coffee , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach , enjoys you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-legged object .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting , so that you can have a dynamic relationship with people around you — like trying to protect secrets or so .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we really don &apos;t like it because it makes us nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if there &apos;s any being in our mind that seems to be an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And that happens throughout our lifetime .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will go into the historical books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real problems on the Internet , very serious problems , security and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — this is a disk that was seven inches long by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever found on a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the sector of the floating disk , and if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the crowd . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says 1986 , Basit and Amajad .
And Basit and Amajad are names of Pakistani origins .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of calls and a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been around for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some images I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbott , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or a street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nisa Block in Allah Iqbal .
I knocked on the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Asian ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother , Amira , is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I was so excited about this realization that both Basin and Ambien computers were infected hundreds of times over viruses , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses we used to see in the 1980s and &apos; 90s , of course , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve leaved behind a system that allows me to leave an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually design some devices . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there are a hundred-year-old laptop , it happens when you infect this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is visible .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you one with sound .
( Sirens sound ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you get stuck , the men will walk behind your screen .
So it was fairly easy to understand that you &apos;re infected with the virus at the time when the viruses created the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t have minds and teens .
Today viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labor , to follow the patterns of viruses around the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I reconnect to our labor systems online , we can actually see and build an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest viral that we found on site called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite was six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where are they all coming from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBuck.com.
This is a site that works in Massachusetts where these guys are getting infected computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you &apos;re able to infect Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these viral computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get stuck with computers ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the three bankers who will save money from your Internet banking when you use it , or it can be cyloggers .
The bloggers are quietly hiding on your computer and recording everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re Google .
Every Google search engine you type in is protected and sensitive to criminals .
Every single one of you out there is protected and shipped to criminals .
And the same is true for every single one of your secrets and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the seasons where you go in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and credit card details .
And here &apos;s a fairly good example that we found on the server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and you can buy that information you &apos;re about to buy .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a vast market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these men actually work out of their operations , and let &apos;s go and look at the pages of INTERPOL and find out who they are .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who came from Sweden , and his conviction partner , who also resigned in the INTERPOL lists for Shaileshman Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. officials complained about the Swiss bank account that belonged to him , for example , Jain and that bank accounted 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that the cybercriminals can invest in the future .
We know that online offenders are self-directed programmers , self-directed testers , testing their code and having interactive systems with the databases .
And they can let themselves see how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also utilizing global products for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when the page is being tried to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to block the road .
They go from one country to another , from one jurisdiction to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the capacity to globally support justice when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there now can .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old cross-section of the letter file that has a crystal .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting on your Windows computer , the wall will actually take control of your computer and run the code .
So if you look at the filament of this painting — there &apos;s the palette of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was inspired by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really pissed off .
And we can go over here and actually evaporate it .
Well , the yellow line is now broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you &apos;ll be able to see a web address : Unionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and it &apos;ll let it go .
And this is the hidden device that the software will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep hacking the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all of the encryption , as if there &apos;s someone writing .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I posted it .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have several slaves in the lab , and one of them said the head is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking for an interaction in St. Petersburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian man who &apos;s been on the Internet for a few years now , who has his private page , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And on this website , he &apos;s writing about his life , how he lives in St. Petersburg — he &apos;s in the early &apos; 30s — he &apos;s writing about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six letters in it and over 400 letters in it .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car for a 20-year-old kid from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually got to the airport .
Scott Petersburg &apos;s center , he got in the other car .
And he put up photos of that incident on his website — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got involved with .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
The vast majority of online crashes , we don &apos;t even know where the land is coming from .
And even if we find cybercriminals , there &apos;s often no result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for any other reason we can &apos;t fight them .
I want it to be easier , but hey , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they infected this .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed in a logical management block .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , that little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , a keyboard that &apos;s programmed , put it in its place and does its job .
For example , lips in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finishes one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking away .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farmer , any chemical plant , any food production , look at this — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We have to have a way to work even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about continuity , replicating cartoons , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think of all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the Web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t defend cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies , looking for these online harassment groups — these organized groups that generate millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire systems .
What &apos;s really important is to find out who are attacking people , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are going to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find the people with the pieces , but we need to give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , and I &apos;m a college student , and a friend of mine and I are on our way from Providencia , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas across national parks and national forest — almost the longest way we &apos;ve ever been to .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had taken me over 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphics mean that I still see on the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally reads the facial expression .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just going to look at me for a few moments and then she &apos;s going to laugh , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese character was bitter . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the brands around us and how we behave when that happens and what we can all say about human nature .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we &apos;re all wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is false — okay .
But when it comes to me right now , to all of my experiences here , I am in time , suddenly all of this abstract acceptance of failure thrown out the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The reality is that the real time is where we live .
In real time , we go to meetings ; in real time , we go to the family ; we go to the elections and we vote in real time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on the verge of our lives , including this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you can do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that we can do .
So why are we blocking this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting next to me : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to drive down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
By the way , it goes down , I don &apos;t — thank you , it &apos;s a very good response , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to perceive that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be embarrassing , it could be embarrassing , but in fact , it could be funny how my silly face is falling against the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t feel anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a hopeless soccer game going on and never catching a bird ?
In nearly every row of this movie there was a moment when the leg of the bird hits , and the bird flicks out of the jar , that &apos;s good , it &apos;s bird and it can walk .
But the thing is that the leg is running after it &apos;s broken .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that everything is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we get something wrong — not when we get it right , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he jumps off the curtain , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cusp .
So , in fact , I have to tell you what I said a moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call it false blindness .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we &apos;re stuck in this case — and it &apos;s cultural .
Spend your mind for a moment in elementary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is scrolling down the page , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not crazy .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of the kid who got that page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable cop , someone who never makes a home work .
So by the age of nine , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do the right job are flexible , accountable bureaucrats — and second , that in order to make a life of success , you never have to make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I suspect , especially a lot of us in this room — have to deal with it simply as idealistic little 10-year-olds , perfectionists , masters .
Right , the Minister of Finance , the astrophysicist , the ultra-marathon part ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are the Minister of Finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because what it means to do something wrong is to do something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , willing and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is at Harvard University Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s immersed in the operating room .
It &apos;s painted , the surgeons do their job — they take it to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She gets up , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeons did a major surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel was talking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon simply felt he was right on the wrong side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story is that overwhelmingly believing that you are right on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not the belief of what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility that we &apos;re wrong , so we &apos;re finally adding things like transferring 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about perfectly representing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we tend to do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information that we do , and when we deliver that information to them , they shine the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the box , but they &apos;re too stupid to get them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite smart , we go to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it because of their personal goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This sense of entitlement for our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we all need it and making us act horribly with each other .
But the thing that really bothers me , and it &apos;s the most tragic thing , is that it happens to be human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are the windows of the overseas , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if it were , life would be incredibly boring .
The mystery of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the night sky and see that , too .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Doctor had said a very famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sue Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Play , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something devastating to human suffering , something we can either eliminate or eliminate .
That is the essence of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and prosperity .
In recent years , for several reasons , I &apos;ve covered a lot of the public radio show &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the most intelligent of mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this woman , Ira Glass .
And I remembered it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen to one , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need there , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories appear suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we fail .
We like things like straight lines of scenarios , misleading and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought he would kill Iraq , raise a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hospital Mubarak thought he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life until he was too old and he could be transported by his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you may have thought that you &apos;re going to grow up and stay out of high school loved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t worry , but this whole conference is an incredible lesson for our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know why we need all these innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that have been most worth recalling and changing the world — TED back in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t work that well , didn &apos;t it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket budget , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We came up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
This subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a wonderful new discovery .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you have to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan public and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the leader of Jewish quality .
Luckily , those plans were destroyed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , the 1993 World Trade Center bombing didn &apos;t exist .
Eventually , they were criminalized for their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , that we don &apos;t want the same things in our lives .
A few months ago , he sat me down and explained to me that the last few weeks he and his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice flying .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
The last day , my spinning globe came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to my surprise , the target got got collapsed .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father , that son .
They all seemed very funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I had the same desire to make fun of my father .
These people ended up being slaughtered with a 40-pound backpack and leaving lower levels of staying in the middle of the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which produced fire , killed six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I respected .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I used to scream around .
I was raised to judge people on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So what has opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the 2000 presidential elections .
My group was focused on the sadness of my youth because I was a proud member of my life , and it was especially exciting for me .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day after the conference was over , I found out that one of the kids I met was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s opinion , and frankly , I felt embarrassed to be able to go through a barrier that was considered most of my life to be ineffective .
The other major step towards opening was to find a summer job at Bus Garden .
And there I was showing all the people of all belief and culture , and this experience was central to educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
In the industrial park , I had the opportunity to work with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
Children &apos;s experience in me has created a sense of empathy for other people , and it seems to me immoral with good people , not the way I want them to behave with me .
And with that feeling , I could compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my life experience and with interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Day Chapter . &quot; &quot; Next time , Jon Stewart , I was asked to be honest with myself about my fanaticism and help me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father in many ways when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian &apos;s message has made me a bigger impact than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about my world class , and she said what I was going to hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a loved one who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort it took to keep the unknown in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and maybe put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody would be forced to use violence , that somebody would hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I was involved in this cruel , non-orthodox ideology , I wasn &apos;t obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terror , against infantry .
I do this because of the windows of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the windows of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these horrible acts , and I &apos;m going to divorce my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that sadness is not inherited from religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pockets , I realized I had no clues .
In fact , I could see them outside the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t go back to my friend Jeff at night , because in the morning , I had an earlier hip to Europe , and I needed my party and my suitcase .
When I was growing up and I found a big stone , and I pulled out a corridor window , and I took out a glass ceiling , and I pulled myself in , and I found a piece of cardboard , and with a thumbnail , I opened it up , thinking that in the morning , I could climb up the airport , call the furniture to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a sandwich guy in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings , things like that .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartoon that reinforces the posture of the heart , it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no hope . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a break , I flew back into the air , I noticed , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so they &apos;d put me in the head of the airplane next to the toilet , a seat that didn &apos;t come back , at eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started thinking , can you do anything , set up systems that protect these kinds of bad things ?
Or if something bad happens that at least the probability of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the thought didn &apos;t work until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my friend , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as soon as I was smiling , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein who was written a few years ago called the research of contemporary disasters .
You all know what a study of failure is .
When failure happens , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So what I want to talk about today is a couple of things that we can think of as a current study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;m going to start with simplicity .
Show the place for things that are easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it has a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find a fish , the area of the tree where the friendly and the contrary is living .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that &apos;s expanding the tacks of London .
That &apos;s the part that lets the cancer find its own borders .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where they smelled the smell perfectly , and they kept finding sharks .
It &apos;s not using smell , it &apos;s using hippocampus , it &apos;s using the machinery of the brain to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , that aren &apos;t moving very well .
And so we lose sight of the machine , or the windows of the reading and the backs of the machine .
So distribute your place at home — the cabin at the door , maybe a decorative cabin .
For example , concrete stores .
The waitress are special table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , your passion , send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the brain is distinguishing the cartoon .
The Korean is boring , it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal lobe analysis is is to understand that we &apos;re not as good at stress as we might be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there are to make medical decisions .
And someday we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about how to treat ourselves or support them .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — any decision that overestimate the rational facts .
So you go to your doctor and she says , &quot; I just got the lab results and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will help reduce cholesterol loads , building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know that someone is using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to keep .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might think , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , medical practice doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s guilt , if it &apos;s for that and for that , it would be scientists like me .
We haven &apos;t fully figured out all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlin calculates that 90 percent of the drugs actually work from 30 percent to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers need to be made to the most published building , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to get one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that will take years to close the road to one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You &apos;re probably thinking , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another author , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And amongst them there &apos;s terrible things : the next pain of muscles and neck pain and craftsmanship and wood production — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , but I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t really think straight .
300 people are taking the drug . One is improving , five percent of those 300 are undergoing refrigeration , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely that a drug will change you than it will help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so that you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think I took this number from my head to erase you , but it &apos;s actually a fairly typical number to survive .
Most surgeries , men under the age of 50 , required prostate cancer , are 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done while we &apos;re doing one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , the erection crashes , the lack of mystery , the rule of law , the lack of measurement .
And if you &apos;re successful , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to think about questions that should go forward in order to make the conversation move forward .
You really don &apos;t want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life to be able to afford a lot of pain ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our family and with our loved ones .
You can reconsider the coincidence , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need the immune system or the liver system or the immune system , because if the body of these things colors its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , you can stay in the middle of the lion , and then you don &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that comes out of the window under stress is rational , logical thinking , like Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about these things first .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all are not angry .
We will all be wrong someday .
The myth is that we will think early on what failure can happen , that we should have ways of acting , like reducing green or preventing bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montana , when I returned from my trip , I described a master &apos;s deputy to set up a coding block next to my door , with a cap on the front door , easily remembering the code .
I have to admit , I still have a crack of postcards I didn &apos;t paint and a crack of emails I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not completely confused , but I see myself as a progressive process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union hired a large object in an unlivable space .
They were hoping to attract the idea of many people around the world for the first time in history to warm space .
The rocket was a giant rocket .
with the same prosthetic socket installed in front of it , two radio sets .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We &apos;re going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
In the old days , travelers like Vaska da Game and Columbus were lucky enough to find new lands .
Now we have the good fortune to discover space .
And it will make us happy in the future . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re watching a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the leaving , Sputnik made all the splinters .
Human generated moon , seen by ordinary people , has made respect and commitment that people have finally dumped something into space .
But after three days , so-called Red Day , the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our encounters had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can pull us off with a Sputnik rocket .
And then the summary began .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest disasters of America , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the airbag .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s a competition for space warming .
Congress has gone up very rapidly in a single year , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done more than weapons manufacturing .
For instance , some of you here may remember that day of January 1958 , the National Social Security Program , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has also made remarkable changes .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education have come to an enormous increase .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and of course NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the seemingly inexhaustible situation to something that even America has done very well .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
And I &apos;d like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been at MIT for 44 years , and I &apos;ve been at the top TED conference .
The third is less apparent .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : seats , rocks , seals , windows .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be shifted to the battlefield .
These things were discovered in the mailboxes in my home country , and even if we were to speak , experts will reinvent the bodies of mass graves , 20 years after the war has happened .
And it seems to be the biggest trailer ever discovered .
During the fourth major collapse , the heartbreak of Bosnia in the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and were thought to die , and 100,000 more were killed in military operations .
The International Special Rights Act did a number of punishments for human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ownership , their cultural heritage , and ultimately the same idea that they had ever existed , named .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — no perfect criminal .
There will always be dead ends that are more comfortable than the fragile bodies of their body or our easily melting memories .
Our goal is that no body would ever want undetected .
Since then , when they find things that the ears carry with them to their place of execution are carefully managed , analyzed , engaged in the writing and protecting .
Thousands of layers are packed into white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
These things are used as a tool for teens to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as highly valuable criminals in the presence of a war crime scene .
The rest of the life is asked to guess who these things were , in terms of their own , but it &apos;s an extraordinarily complex , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardwired or simply displaced by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to take photographs of every single object that I wanted to create a visual archive that could easily survive .
As a storyteller , I want to confront the community .
I &apos;d like to tell people a little bit more .
And perhaps in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , innocent and accurate reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and knowing these things guarantee that we &apos;ll understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the expert on the right , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that we &apos;re all close to , as close to the documentary can be .
One day , all the individuals will recognize , they will only have bodies in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had determined to photograph every month .
I would never have been so scratchy .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give away a lot of happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that we &apos;re doing .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re working on most of our intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in every single one of these works .
The first project is called Loyal Color .
It &apos;s like the audience walks into the room , and instantly these posters are placed on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , she seems to panic and stop in a grim symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two forms .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Milky Way abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale — the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
About that much . And the very least is A4 .
So the viewer runs into their space , and they immediately reach a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to live in their space , the plaque seems to be reflected in the observation of being in space , and it becomes palliative and self-conscious as it seems to be experienced by being or moving in a room when it stops its position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite honest that the claws themselves are so tightly placed with the rules that they seem to apply the rules of thorium to the viewer .
This brings me to a more recent , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a piece of paper applied to a remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s an A4 shape , or a piece of paper that &apos;s made out of two small arms that have been cooled down with infinite attention and attention from a tiny fraction of a medium .
The audience also seems to see that this whole sculpture moves very , very slowly , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without spending much time with it , and they &apos;re not succeeding .
So this instability in motion is very reminiscent of the instability being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips of one after the other .
One is through the hidden camera , and the other is through the handheld camera .
And you can immediately see how the unstable form of video lays behind the viewer and the subjective view .
So we just removed the camera and turned it on its back .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to disrupt the gesture of the stucco , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a little man with his real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the number of breast masses that you have to do this series and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masali .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall antibody , a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks by , it sort of gleams from one side to the other and moves his hands more and more broadly as the person gets closer .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You see two interconnected movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of you in this desperate term .
But the idea is , when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is a full-blown Maslow .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device that comes out of the factory , like a vaccine cocktail or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of distance with what it looks like .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re a particularly dangerous creature who &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; Floating . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a specific sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made by the size of the auditorium that you see on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this big , and the audience sort of circles the whole field of view .
There are 996 little figurations in the audience .
They are taught mechanically to follow their choices .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spend as much as they want to , how long they want to be done around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the response comes up .
It can be a few claims or claims , and then no one happens until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience reacts .
It could be anything from a few weak applause from an audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has a kind of a musical score like an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a kind of complex and variety of musical notes or soundscapes , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of commitment and a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency .
It also has seduction and flexibility .
So here , if you can see , we are very happy , because of the head of the image sharing two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms that connect to each other to make sense of the doubt and the meaning of the stimulus .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called Raven &apos;s Fire .
It comes from the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different pieces of wood .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and you can see from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes living on this network .
It &apos;s also made up of three different sizes , like you would have a particular perspective or a map of a single space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reach , and on the first road , hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters ters a mashup and a knee band , as if they were physically consolidated to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance around as if they &apos;re in love and they don &apos;t care , as if they &apos;re not worried and contented , as long as they &apos;re feeling the movement from one side to the next .
So this is a project that challenges us .
These forms are kind of imprisoned on this very grim grid , which is kind of prison , but also tenacity because it allows them to remain obsolete and naive and to worry about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life experiences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with Curiba ETH to create the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement patterns from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to move forward and back .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it &apos;s moving towards my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it work in the studio , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , in the first week , you do enough to keep the whole thing warmer , keep your arms away . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers , which I should spend a year writing .
I knew that my regular regime of work didn &apos;t like it .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to increase the turnaround and eventually — I &apos;m going to put the highest volume on top of the cliff , like a ladder on top of the cliff .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
It &apos;s nothing special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t remember starting .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the terminal and still not a single word , and the only way I could do it is write 90 pages in 72 hours , and I didn &apos;t sleep one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I swam across the city of students , I slow down like a movie and I swam by the end of the terminal .
I thought that was the end of the story .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad setup . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to capture the moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a network writer .
I write a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about attention .
To investigate this , I found a MRT scan lab that painted my brain and the real brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here is the brain of the unemployed .
( Laughter ) And here we go ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
That means everything is fine as it happens here .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but this is not what the monkey does , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there are no places in the workplace for any serious work .
The permanent ape of the monkey is not the one that has to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was , and she only cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works really well .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just one more kind of animal .
You &apos;ve got to remix , you &apos;ve got to remember , you &apos;ve got to keep your birthday , and you &apos;ve got to keep that in your home .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilizational society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another person in our brain , the rational decision maker , who allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like having a dinner party or going to bed or liking a sustainable pool .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things called a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Ages .
This is a freedom behavior where freedom is not supposed to occur .
When the monkey is running for everyone , the question is , how do the monkey sters routinely end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of moonshot where important things happen ?
And it turns out that the lander has an carbon footprint , which is from top viewing it at the hardest times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one that fears the monkey .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s put a Google Earth image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , the TED people decided to give the speakers .
I opened up the web , and I saw my face , related to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts to walk away from it , and after a few seconds , the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember the Panic Monster is going to get her horrible — ponytail , she &apos;s not scared !
And finally , the rational decision-maker can take a sword and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the behaviors of a crazy carpenter , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first speech , and then with a magic carpenter enter enter enter all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is an accounting system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the response struck me .
People got frustrated and wrote about how procrastinating affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get in such trouble ?
It turns out there are two types of payload .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing , less about it than about laughing , short term processing .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in silence and alone .
It can cause great long-term dissatisfaction and respect .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re rapidly progressing on a particular project .
This long-term focus has made them a viewer in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they couldn &apos;t reach their dreams , but because they were able to even begin to reach them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , the counterparts don &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as uncomfortable as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re comfortable with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there are no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t very many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look at this calendar seriously .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really throwing away , because every one of our lives puts something in there .
We should not forget the Magic Carpet .
This is the work of all of us .
And because windows are not that much , it &apos;s the job that we have to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a man called Captain William Swinson , who was recently voted by the Congress Medal for his role in September 8 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who essentially set the path to a medical emergency room .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the tree &apos;s evacuation physicians on the countryside had a GP camera on the countryside and recorded this case .
In the video , you can see Captain Swinson bringing a colossal warrior down to his neck .
So I started thinking , where are these people coming from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s an evolving love , and I &apos;d like to know why there are no people around me that I behave that way ?
On the vertical axis , we prioritize to the people who choose to thank other people for allowing us to benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve the military .
Those better people are willing to serve others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
I had the great honor of meeting some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to sacrifice at the risk of saving others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would we do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do this for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
And that &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is hard because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather , whether it &apos;s the weather , or whether it &apos;s the weather , or whether it &apos;s the length , all these forces act to reduce the duration of our lives .
So we act as social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call the safety net , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And feeling secure was born a natural reaction — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
What that means is that at night I can rise up and hope that someone in the middle is safe from the danger .
The modern world is that .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or step out of the business , but the small attempt is to get your plan done and get out of your business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces are constantly operating , and they &apos;re not going away .
The only change is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where the leader becomes important because the tone is the leader .
I was on a plane one day , and I was on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I called it up by a number , and I was watching him work on the board , and he was treating him like a crime scrap , like a crime scrap .
He was shocked to try to get himself a little too early .
So I stuck .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you treat us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Look at the word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can get into trouble or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She told me
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to spend time and force trying to turn around each other and that fundamentally destroys our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it mean to be that way ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to build their self-confidence , their ability to try and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , are you thinking about the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
When Next Jump works , you will never be released from the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and comfortable with the managers of the banks that receive inproportionate distances and prizes .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they have compromised the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve obtained disastrous social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the 150 million dollars prize to Gandhi ?
Or the $ 250 million prize of Mothers Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will fight it .
Different leaders do nothing at all .
It &apos;s called numbers .
They &apos;d rank the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a large manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the night she lost 30 percent of all her sentences .
In the manufacturing business , that means a lot of it , so they couldn &apos;t keep it working .
They had to save 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the management agency agreed to cover the issue of debt .
Bob didn &apos;t .
Because Bob believes in the number of workers .
And the heart of the workers , and the heart rates are much harder to reduce .
He was determined to run an exit program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the chief , were asked to leave behind for four weeks of unpaid leave .
They could choose any time , and not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for all of us to cheat just by a little bit than anybody to cheat , and in that way , he stole the labor morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be driving these people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few soldiers in the war zones , and how the warriors were adopted , the chief officer was eating the last , and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they weren &apos;t allowed to eat the chief &apos;s food .
And when they came back to the farm , one of his people brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their own people to be safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we get a natural response — our people will laugh at us .
They will give their blood , their hands , their neck , to make their leadership a reality , and ask them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your clothing and your hair behind the man ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survivor in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , local communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , a life of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
During these journeys , my grandmother complained to me in the letter of Kiplingo , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Just find it .
Go find the Kalash .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please keep waiting for you . Good luck . &quot; &quot; And then the following year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has a heart disease .
Part of this problem , I think , can solve — part of the problem I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with tension .
Guys have to survive inside the mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the lung blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to stop .
If that doesn &apos;t happen , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen shortage is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was massive surgery .
One night , my friend Moscow took the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the garden was the green velvet .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that framework as a form of leaving for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , it can be done with them .
The ring is co-opted .
Maybe you don &apos;t think that &apos;s possible , but it was the first successful attempt to make a difference in this huge problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After that moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to build and build a prototype .
It took thousands of hours in vitro and in live labs .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After treating our success with one , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyquality of a living patient is different because the carbon between arteries is higher .
Most patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
So the research began again .
We went back to the original planning .
After many trials , with help from my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Around the years , local women used to tell stories of creating complex letters with glasses and unexpected mastery to help us reach our equipment .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we built a design that was made out of very strong materials that recorded shape .
It seems to us right now that the audience is enabling us to create a tiny , tiny device that doesn &apos;t exist because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can change its own complexity into a process that has been required for decades .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device expands , it stands in on the supply chain and makes a chain .
We have this beautiful institutional system that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and human health .
We &apos;re very excited that some of our former patients are part of our team , the team , because of our interaction with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
The wheels are not easy .
There are always many obstacles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly capture power and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind a permanent goal , not because of payment or access .
So we need to start the foundation with one model .
We bring one device to make sure every child is healed .
We &apos;re in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one implausible idea , and we will spread it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Motion .
The wind and electricity bill were as unpredictable as weather ; when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the winter and we grew up in the sun .
The Sun is very good at winter .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why nobody owns something you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to waste it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some surprising statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread under conditions like this , and the main reason for these diseases is called suffering .
It &apos;s detectable in the eyes when the eye is contagious , and some of the infections that are lost can be completely defended .
This disease affects eight million people a year with blindness , and the shocking truth about it is that if you avoid severe infections , you have to swim your face : you don &apos;t need drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to mess , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthiness of Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop than trusting Internet , I didn &apos;t have much idea of how much I used Internet cafe for 20 bucks an hour — I did
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my mobile phone , I was the youngest person ever received the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t need a break ! &quot; &quot; — ( Laughter ) — I found DriBath . ( Laughter ) — I found DriBath , for the first time in the world , to change the
He lays on the skin , and doesn &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to make a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we got practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in markets , and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy lots of products .
They cross when they need to and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the boxes they need , and he gets one cigarette every day , which is even more expensive .
So we started transforming DriBath into a small innovation .
It passes through the middle and prints .
The cool part is that one replacement therapy is at least five choices .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath in businesses . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you could save 80 million pounds of water every time you spend your childhood , and you could save two hours a day of children from village — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours a day of daycare .
When we saw this global benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which was light and darkness .
DriBath is a rich human fitness , and for the poor person , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried this product , and now we &apos;re ready to launch it , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to launch the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the public at Limpopo Market with 50 pockets per week , to figure out how to non-profit people .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google taught me in this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best student in the business world , the first African to pay for this gift , and the strange thing is that I did it because I don &apos;t like to wear a hat . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on sabbatical and went back to my medical school .
The first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a management consultant , I &apos;ve seen a white coat and I &apos;ve seen several patients .
And two things struck me about this last month .
And I asked myself , will this be the case that we don &apos;t forget patients ?
Many countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
It &apos;s done a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Other drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and sisters are , in a certain sense , the targets of governance .
There are many cost-effective health solutions available to them .
You choose a coat lab , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the health care costs , you can reduce costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my older colleagues are significant .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize health care systems ?
And we got a little bit further and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it health care costs .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patient treatment with money that we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you see my tattoo with three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in the study was the transformation that we saw .
Compared to the country of hospitals , you can find incredibly good , but the rates of the worse are dramatically larger .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from simple cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
When he lives in Europe , he can go to Germany , which is the healthcare system .
If he went to an average hospital here , the likelihood that he would be missing after treatment is about 50 percent , so he should start using the sun again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead he &apos;d go to Hamburg , go to the Martin-Clinic clinic , the risk would be only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of money or you have a 20-year chance .
It &apos;s a huge — seven-fold difference .
When we look at a lot of different hospitals in different types of diseases , we see a lot of difference .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons that came together in a year &apos;s meeting and were talking about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal sheets of paper that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operating behavior was different .
Everybody argues that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and they agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we know and we can learn best . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of a club surgery ? &quot;
And when they did , they started to measure and share their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into a patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pill , it actually works much longer , and most patients never need another surgery .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
And every year they would come together and say , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , deciphers who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
It &apos;s constant improvement .
But it &apos;s not the only happy side .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we look at the price performance , and we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least expenses , although that wasn &apos;t the original goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We looked at OECD data .
OECD does some research on the quality of health care when it comes to countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the rate of quality is lower than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurement and estimate its quality to the middle of the OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year to the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health budget .
Now , you might say that these numbers are incredible , but it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The next health care applications are doctors and sisters .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they &apos;re doing in terms of the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have a different property .
They like to recognize others .
If a cardiologist calls another cardiologist working in another hospital and discusses why this other hospital gets a much better record , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of continuous improvement , which we see in this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a large global community , in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institutes in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s empathy , but it &apos;s not empathy , it &apos;s acronym .
It means the World Health Consortium .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients to talk about , the diseases after the disease , which is really high-quality , what we need to compute and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : Cataracts , cold pains , drug artery illnesses , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the kids this piece of paper .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in international space .
In the next year , we &apos;re going to test eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to study 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like that . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director whose vision is : &quot; I want my control instinct to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we sat in our classrooms with our doctors and our sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked ourselves , how can we measure the quality of today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients to be able to treat effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
There are so many ideas and so many passion .
At the end of the distribution , the top of the distribution stopped .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his mouth down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; The value of health care , which is not only costly , but also the results that patients see , we can transform the patient into hospitals and elsewhere health care systems , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start translating , and I think that the advocate of modern medicine , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling in their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that I &apos;ve found that most succeed in companies , how much business actually matters to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you have a group of people with the right incentives and put them into a start-up company , you can unlock the potential of the people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the startups are so great , why are they so much fun ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a methodological task , avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a sweatshirt on a bus stop , when I was in high school , making solar power plants when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see which ones were the most successful for companies and failures .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company Idealab because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the survival , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a 22-year-old Mike Tyson on TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody ever gets in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right for business .
The mastery of teams most show their ability to adapt to the face of their client .
The customer is real .
And so I began to think that maybe the team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , like the revenue of a client ?
In my mind , it started to melt away that maybe it was the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get a lot of money .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea behind it , and the world was not ready for it ?
Sooner , but should we learn the world ?
I looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoGoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — they have a billion dollar success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reset all of these terms , as it seemed to me , how companies followed each subject .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not the ideals in companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few worlds : Webvan , Kozoa , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
The offshore companies had big funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the things that were most successful in these companies and failures , and the results surprised me .
The number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company appeared as just in the middle of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes to strangers .
Same thing with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for more money , and it was very important .
From the earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for ways to attract their flow .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a web manufacturing company .
1999- to 2,000 broadband connectivity was slow .
It was hard to watch web video , you had to add code on the browser and do other things , and the company finally got off business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of coding solved Adobe Flash and the breadth rate of communication was over 50 percent in America , YouTube was at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in conclusion , it &apos;s really important to experience .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope you &apos;ll be able to achieve higher levels of success , and do something wonderful about this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I was expecting a lot of them , and I was happy to start my life as a student , having a lecture , having lunch , getting involved in student laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and scared , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the passion I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started , and I was longing for myself , I was digging my shirt , just like hundreds of times before , when I heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I felt there was nothing around , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he stayed for days and weeks commenting all to the third person .
&quot; She goes to the lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , he was rich and even , after a while , oddly friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I kept hiding , and I kept hiding because I was angry , then the voice was annoyed .
And after a while there was a ferocious talk , that ordinary people don &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I told the doctors of my university .
And then I was hopelessly interested and helpful , so I told him about a strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students broadcasting knowledge in the university area , and during one tough conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a nasty , terrifying sense of hopelessness , awareness and alienation for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broke .
And then I became more aggressive of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous .
Can you see that glass water ?
It was a circle of fear , avoidance , mistrust and misunderstanding , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find purpose , not acceptance .
Two years later , my condition was highly overwhelmed .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable belief .
Now , remembering those cruel years of immersion seems like something would have died , but something else was saved .
The needle was knocked off and whispered , but the person who survived all of that was the winner and eventually grew up in a person I was allowed to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been traumatized by me , and I remember them all , but these memories confront people who have helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes all the way to May , but in the summer it always comes . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to eradicate all the good and sensitive people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those hurting and alone .
It was very hard to believe that at first , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , and it was necessary the first step to learn how to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the word I had believed in before .
For example , the voices that were threatened to disappear from my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , not a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I sat behind my parents &apos; doors to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice coincidence .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Steregic .
All of this knowledge finally came into my own bits , and each of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back into the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now I &apos;m proud to be an international nation , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Marie Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees voices like a survival strategy , a health reaction to the insane environment , rather than hiding and the symptom of schizophrenia that needs to
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating Chinese phrases into social change , they cannot be translated back .
You can &apos;t recognize the person who makes themselves better .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Foundation has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to create a sense of dignity and unity that gives power to people who are addicted to mental problems , creating a new language and a new behavior that gives hope that essentially creates a path for unprecedented personal belief .
As Peter Levine said , the human being is a unique creature dedicated to healing itself , and the intellectual ability to utilize that capacity .
In this view , societal societies are no greater honor or or privilege of helping other people recover procedures , to be blamed and to wash their hands sharing the pain and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What is hidden inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
Light is never gone .
As one wonderful physician once said to me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photography .
But is photography ?
Because obviously these are photos that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
But my interest in photography was when I got my first digital camera while I was five years old .
This resisted me to my early passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you pause the ink .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you stop the ink .
Shoots like this : travel work takes a long way to go .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is preserved .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to hold reality .
When I say &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean actual photography .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
The pictures you need for a brief reflection moment in order to understand the frame .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about generosity that makes this picture real ?
Is it something that has to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But ultimately , it &apos;s the way we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real ; we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , in which different parts of reality can dance in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that would exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a diffusion of reality .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that makes us in our daily lives .
But when you download a photograph , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in another case , the photograph just seems to be wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not special .
But by connecting , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is , you have to take pictures that are put together in the same way .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar light .
These two pictures fill up with both requirements : they are photographed at the same altitude and the same light .
The third rule : It doesn &apos;t have to be resolved where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be resolved .
You couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors , contrasts and light on boxes and separate images , by drawing photoreceptors of the field , by putting together the color and the cloud , we jettison the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think that &apos;s just production , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected from pictures taken in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to those ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I had this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in a fish .
Crowds are from different places .
The spacecraft is photographed inside a stone pillar .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look sweetly .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is to design .
Everything always starts with an idea , an idea .
Then we fit together , and we fit together .
And here each part is very well-designed , planned .
If you &apos;re good at getting the pictures you need , the outcome can be pretty and pretty .
So all the tools that we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the dense office world .
We got reverberation .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a driven violin .
There are more rich people who are concerned about the next story , about the next edition of the documents .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should they care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can hold money to office and not pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like healthcare , education , some sustainability .
It matters to all of us .
My global Witness organizations , this public discourse , are phenomenal .
The media and political leaders are wondering how the official space can be used to hide their slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for a decade .
I think a lot of the office world is kind of glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and the taxpayers , the journalists , the regular citizens , are not able to figure out what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the news in the United States .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delavore or Vietnam or from Nevada , we would see more Americans interacting .
The privilege in America allows sensitive employees to push the students , the curtains , the investors .
It works for all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what the officer looked like in practice .
It was just an outdated meeting , no lawyers accepted them as clients , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet , there are problems in the system .
I should point out that this is not an individual case .
The issue is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it prevents tax .
Unfortunately , the United States is reporting .
So what we &apos;d like to do is we &apos;d like to give a look at the world of the office to promote transparency in the United States and the world .
We , Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
You need business leaders to say , &quot; Simplicity in business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for the prevention of taxes , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Johannes .
It &apos;s been said that your kid WikiLeaks , in the last few years , has been going to be making more secret documents than it is printed collectively .
Could it be that way ?
JE : Well , could it be that way ?
The concern is that the whole world &apos;s print works so simple that a group of activists are able to share more of this kind of information than the whole world is printed together .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you secure resources ?
JS : Well , you might say that these people are classic hidden information detectors , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art encryption methods to get the content on the Internet , without leaving the trains , while the information flows to countries like Sweden and Belgium and Belgium , the law and the law protection .
We get information from electronics , simple browsing , or no , we check it out like a regular news service , we give it a form — which is rarely difficult to do , because it &apos;s about the public transfer of massive amounts of information and our own separation from inevitable legal and political divide .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact , you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we &apos;re creating this at some stage , we &apos;re degrading this information as soon as we can .
( Clicks metronome ) Okay .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk being played out here . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened later ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret coffee report that the Kenyan government offered in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , run by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this research , and together with one more report , they spent about two million pounds .
The government wanted to use it for a political punishment against Moi , which was — and poorest — the richest man in Kenya .
This was the dawn of journalism in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , just before the election , the National Revolution 22nd .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to embark on the person that he was going to embark on — Daniel Arpe Moi — so this report to President Kibaki became unacceptable .
CA : So , in conclusion , you could say that the accounting information was made in Kenya not from the official media , but from the informal media . You think it really changed the outcome of the choices ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian front page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And within a few days , it could have been published securely and Kenyan .
This news coverage in Kenya was broadcast 20 weeks , and Kenya &apos;s Government data replaced 10 percent of the vote and hired a decision maker .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) KS : So we want to show you a short clip from Baghdad , an airborne video .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this noise is not about people sensitive to it .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody is open .
I see your element , the four Humvees , go one after the other ...
I got it . Okay . Here we go .
Tell me when you saw them . Sorry .
Shake it all .
First , fire !
( Crackling ) Hello . Hello . ( Crackling )
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , we just fighted eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see them .
A two-six , a two-six , go .
Oh , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , hey . I tagged them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The response to those who did it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened in this place .
CA : 11 people died in this attack , right ? Actually , two Reuters employees .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
Eighteen to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video inspired a global announcement .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JAS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen the wrong power .
These are the people who walk down the street carefully , and Apache is up a kilometer away , and each one of them leaves a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill people to save the displaced .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities , but were working their way .
CA : So Bradley Manning was founded by an analytician from the United States of America , claiming that he acknowledged that this video had been handed to you , and together , 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy Club .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these calls .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 300,000-pound prison and searching 50 pounds .
In the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at the cable from the U.S. Embassy Required , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this embassy , I was a common audience .
CA : If you had received a thousand U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JU : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the Arab government , the damage of human rights in those states .
And when you look at this hidden cable , this is what this image looks like .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JAS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be transmitted .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that &apos;s going to keep the organizations secret their efforts and their resources locked up , and that &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to expect to be able to achieve something good , an organization that provides that information that knows everything from beginning to end , there &apos;s a lot of work to lock that information up .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what the story of journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for a dangerous individual or a whole society , that information overload actually can lead to unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I want to say that we hold bad policy to immunize .
There were cases where we had information that could be private — that could be personal .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , such as health data , it &apos;s a mystery , but our sources that provide information actually have a foundation to do it .
CA : You have a reason to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve described what you &apos;re looking for , you know , unintelligible motives .
It &apos;s shown that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not that . How are you friends ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear a lot of these things .
But remember , the people in Baghdad , the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch this video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who teach for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the black enterprises and the government secrets ?
Light is good .
But don &apos;t you think it &apos;s ironic that when you try to unlock the secrets of others , you &apos;re secretly following your information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have any resources that are in any other source .
If that were the case , that would be a bad situation for us , but we do our work in a way that people can feel the moral compass of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I would love to know — from what we &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience thought .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about what WikiLeaks and June does .
Or greatness , the nursery that carries light .
Or a dangerous misfit .
What time is the conductor ?
What do you think he &apos;s a dangerous misfit ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : That &apos;s a perfectly reasonable Leviathan , Johannes .
We should be more excited . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What &apos;s just happened , right ?
Talk about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do every day .
Last year , at the end of the year , a few oil spills took place in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , but not that big .
We got a report — a kind of engineering analysis of events that were written to protect employees from some competing oil , all sorts of competitions , all sorts of cooling oil companies from common ground .
The battle was engaged , and part of the government of Albania was involved .
There was no explaining information at the top of an engineering report , so it was extremely complicated for us .
We couldn &apos;t test him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the paper pretty skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of a competitive oil society is achieving its own goals .
So we put the paper in the country and we said , &quot; We &apos;re going to look skeptical . &quot;
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
that matter seems interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week , we got a letter from the community saying , &quot; &quot; Hey , let &apos;s find out where the document is . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They wrote that they want to explain the source , and we said , &quot; &quot; Talk specifically .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the document were published .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our methods that we &apos;ve been pursuing to identify or test material , and that is , we want these guys to write a letter to us .
CA : Have you been given information from a BP employee ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now there &apos;s intense search and technical jobs going on .
So the numbers of us published just in the last few months have come down because some of our big interests are now reinventing our major systems .
The problem with attention shifts .
Like every initiative , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of packed information that goes into the cracks itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most is the opportunity — are there no journalists willing to work , or are there any lack of easy journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing up is hard , and it drives the way we make materials , and we need to reconstruct that we have to employ people who can work with the highest amount of national security information , and also less secrecy .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
I would read you had to teach 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they followed the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JS : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young adventurers at the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I read a magazine I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you have to do carefully with the hacker .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in a variety of different activities .
Unfortunately , at this point he &apos;s mostly focused on Russian mafia , trying to mafy your old bank account .
So it &apos;s not as happy as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your core value ?
Can we get them to name us , maybe tell us about the event that made them choose ?
JS : Because of the event , I shouldn &apos;t answer .
But the fundamental values are that intelligent , generous people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent , brilliant people that I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , Brilliant , Brilliant people out there caring for them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a war zone , so I &apos;m not really able to take care of the kidnapper , but in a way — there &apos;s another way that I can protect the kidnapper — that is to give the offenders the right crime .
This is a spasm that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So tell me very briefly , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , you brought in the banking industry , and then the media companies were embarrassed to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you status .
That gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JAS : It &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
The banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
And yet , in the course of last year , we gave the report .
And the national television station was broken for five minutes before the transaction , and as in the movie , she knows about her friend , she gets into the magazine , and the readers are like , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was broadcast , and at the same time in Iceland , we were dressing , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling in society that this would never happen again , and the result of that event was that with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we forced a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom writer , and it would be the world &apos;s greatest protecting journalists , a new Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these laws were equally accepted in Iceland .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , what do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even more intense , there will be more secrecy , or will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong printing press to harmonize the right for freedom of speech to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What shall we do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because a search for one or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to go one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience , Johannes , be careful , and we &apos;re going to push you .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good afternoon .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to talk to you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took the picture and I presented a new meaning today , talking about me in Russia about the issues facing people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing and he carries a violent mark by wanting to be separated by classmates as if he doesn &apos;t have a personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you guys , &quot; &quot; quoting Huck from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He blinds his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s easy to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Half .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new foundation .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and the facial expressions : the irony , the Iron Man , the comparative person .
( Laughter ) In artifacts , I bring up social questions that bring me to Russia .
The interesting thing about marriage in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and dreaming to come .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27-year-old .
For the Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I don &apos;t have the hope to survive .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the middle of a Mexican warrior , with a wetsuit , with a wetsuit , with a wetsuit in your sofa .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by wanting to motivate girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re reaching more .
While together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily bad .
We evolve to be more community and more prepared .
And in fact , the consequence of that is more complex social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
This is a problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is great . He &apos;s pretty sure why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality more like a game .
Before the excellent Play-Doh Play-Doh , we had an awesome connotation .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story and a story that continues .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local knowledge creation , sustainability , vision and output .
My big idea is just a small idea , and we can open up the millions of big ideas that are behind us right now .
And that little idea is soft .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of women .
It was women who didn &apos;t exist .
I &apos;ve experienced in my debt what soap is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got bored .
I would hit the table on my head , and I would hit the girl , and the right eye would buckle .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was teaching , talking to doctors , to scientists , and here I am to say that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to marry .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to reach the height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , men &apos;s incarceration has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treated for four hours before that .
And I &apos;d like to say — although I didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And it seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Wisconsin , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really keen in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss a trend , I &apos;m going to miss a couple of takers , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think it means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before it gets to the Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) Now , while all the brothers would have walked a couple of very warm and connected , perhaps the sister would have noticed the glacier because it would have been washed after 7.5 hours or eight hours , and you could see the overall picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers is the best for the world .
So I urge you to explore and find great ideas that hide within us , unlock the barriers and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material — a web of fish , ages — using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious , scalable forms in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture or engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidates were posted .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I would send the paintings off the boat and I would go to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day I showed you , but my paintings didn &apos;t come out ...
I had to do something .
The village was the sound of its own violation .
So I tried weaponry .
But enough to create a large sculpture , it was too difficult and too expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I noticed the beetles carrying their nets to talk to the dog .
Every day I would see it , but I would look at it incredibly simple — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough materials .
My first enthusiastic skull was actually created in collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; The Gold Rush . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And we immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her subtle surfaces separating each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach classical artifacts , and I worked with artists , later on in Lebanon , and with headlines .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become what I could change from one thing to another ...
Going back to India , we built a network with half a million hands of crap , and the culture was short supplied by Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was a city planner named Manual Sol-Morals , who designed the keen design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a sustainable city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-designed , lasting , as opposed to particularly land and short-term .
For two years , I was looking for a dolphin that would support ultraviolet radiation , friendship , weather , contamination , and also leaving the survival of the wind quite easily .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wire .
So we &apos;ve launched this 45,000 pounds .
We had to design it so that it could move around with the neck and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was blind and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers designing the mouths of the mouths of the smugglers of America , Peter Heppel .
He helped me meet the challenge of getting to the perfect form and movement .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because the hand couldn &apos;t shake the button .
So I worked with an industrial kitchen factory , and I learned how to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language to be translated into this unique , ancient undertaking of regular car operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
After three years and two children were born , we raised 50,000 square feet — about 15240 square feet — a dense network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and failed without any authority .
( Applause ) It was white and stupid .
Now it matters .
We went after this for the first time .
I watched the wind melt through the creation of choreography , and I felt like I had found a contradiction and also found a connection to the sky .
My life hasn &apos;t been the same anymore .
I want to create these types of sculptural oasis for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new secrets that I &apos;m working on .
The historic trampoline in Philadelphia : the sidewalk , I felt , was needed easier than the web material for sculpture .
So we experimented with these fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and experimental breakthroughs as well as people that could be shared without destroying it .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , so it &apos;s like an X-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : international culture and ideas , Biennial of the Americas , distributed in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of a 35-week street and their collaboration in one single skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami flowing across the Pacific .
It shattered the tectonic plates of the Earth , accelerated the melting of the planets , and without breaking , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA , and asked if they would share tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which means the microseconds that hit Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build it as a normal , using multi-layered ink .
The structure was too complex .
So I took the metal sheet , and I turned it into a tiny , tiny network of materials that were 15 times stronger than sheets .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex network shapes and simulate them , looking at the Earth train .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York City ; they asked me if I could take my creation of Times Magazine or High Line .
A new way to think about it enables me to design and build skull-like sculptures .
So far , they haven &apos;t got the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculpture to many of the cities of the world where they &apos;re most needed .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of visual art .
Today , I &apos;m bringing this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive , scalable buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
I had a friend call from Phoenix , the city .
The lawyer who never thought about art , never enough artistic museums , cut everything he could out of his workplace and made him lying underneath that sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind turbines replacing people next to strangers sharing their discoveries ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you , thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I &apos;ve essentially become a boy of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
The energy storage at the same time is given throughout all our senses systems , and it creates a multi-dimensional image of what this current moment looks like , how it vibrates , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I &apos;m an energy creature , and I &apos;m connected with environmental energy through my right quadrant .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I said , what &apos;s wrong with me ?
I felt the ease of the body . Imagine that .
