By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social media .
The only thing that all those people seem to know is that they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty crazy idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So what I first thought about was this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technologist , who died from cancer , who wrote an online video this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would come right after he died .
This is what he wrote as a law .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally washed away from my scars of cancer , that my family and friends would turn this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival site . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more careful than most , but in fact , all of us today are creating ar@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million Tumor Treating Fields are being streamed every day .
And the average consumer on Facebook makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is take a few pictures and images of your house , or the grandmother that lives in a box right now .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to create a couple of incredibly exciting technologies .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future will look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few services that are created for us to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media survey after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in a restaurant in Foursquare in New York .
( Video ) Man Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Oh .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but whenever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : go to iPode.e. , even when it &apos;s not happy .
( Laughter ) AO : How scared am I ?
So what this service provides , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook during which you die .
The other one is called 1,000 Princesses .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can publish when you die .
But what happens next is , I think , a lot more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of house movies .
I think while machines can understand human language and process huge amounts of data , analyzing someone &apos;s entire life &apos;s content is going to be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating huge amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital self can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because of the limited amount of content that we create and technology can do it meaningfully .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one is called &quot; &quot; My Other Tweet &quot; &quot; analyzing all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions of what you might say in your next news .
Now , as you can see , the results can be very funny .
But you can imagine something like this will happen in five , 10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that collaborate more than people .
But what if those robots could combine with a unique characteristic of a human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that humans have created in their lives ?
Finally , consider this very famous stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN directly delayed on W.I. among them — hip hop , a holographic holographic in his studio , specifically interviewing Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same kind of empowerment of our loved ones to transmit to our sites — connecting very similarly to our lives , all the content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be absolutely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to broaden exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s about , what it &apos;s about , what it &apos;s about , what it &apos;s about , and what &apos;s going on after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have made a career out of caring for older people , raising children , pursuing personal interest or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career advisers : veterans , soldiers , pensioners , return to work , or return to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career break is hard because of the loss of relationship between workers and restaurants .
When people see a miracle in their lives , we describe a lot of risks , and the people who make a career can doubt their ability to reinvent their career , especially if they don &apos;t work long .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Good restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in the U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
Singapore recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Corporation Service , who went back to work for a social service organization for 25 years .
This is the longest career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy responded to the invitation of Today Show to the people who tried to come back to now but struggled .
Tracy said that there were five children whose mothers liked being home , but after the break , she had to go back to work , and after the break , she really wanted to get back to work , because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for financial resources , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months studying companies online , and she was running for jobs without any oversight results .
I met Tracy , June 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I could work with her to see if something could change .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone else that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You have lots of conversations that will never happen .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
We &apos;re just going to be the sun at work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you a discovery that I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
People &apos;s views of you are shattered by time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your background , people you work with or work with , they remind you of the kind of person you were before the career break .
And even though our sense of self over time has decreased what &apos;s going on with most of us , what &apos;s going on with our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my microbus a day after day .
Or I &apos;m in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great seduction of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career breakfast .
And that was that I did not go on business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been following the news severely when I was at home growing my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that no longer existed .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal &apos;s decision and read it very well for six months , from beginning to middle , while I felt that I was understanding what was going on in the business world again .
I believe that reformers are the empowerment of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less coordination and less partners .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great job experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our workforce .
Beyond that , we have energy , and we want to go back to work precisely because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two conditions that the workers have when they call the reporter .
First of all , the workers feel that the reformers are removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically challenged myself , it &apos;s just a statement .
I was doing financial analysis so old that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus one to two to three &quot; &quot; for a long time .
I don &apos;t know if anybody else remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m using it all the time now .
I say to the reformers that the workers expect them to work by having the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility to follow .
And they fall .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is that they don &apos;t care that reformers don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reformers that they need to work well , and find out whether their interests and skills have changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of short-term payment , no matter whether it was called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee starting a collaborative reintegrating program .
I saw an engineer come back , an innocent , reintegrated candidate , set up a initial de-level program in the military , and then got a permanent job .
I saw two universities that were integrating into a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a report from Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Forty Years Fire . &quot; &quot; And I want to thank the editors for that title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage survivor from college graduates .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called it &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegrated curriculum for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go to the permanent situation get competitive feedback .
Now the seventh biggest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate reintegrating programs that will return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Guard .
Why is it that companies are making reintegration trade-offs ?
Because institutions allow employees to make real-world examples of work , stop having conversations , and the employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable investment decision until the peer is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that the leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great candidates .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing restaurants .
But now , not only is it designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in it if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restaurants , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans &apos; return to work was supported by their reintegrated program .
And there is no barrier to being a pensioner &apos;s curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell everyone that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the work of the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would go into something else , but she could not guarantee anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved her company and her colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal to another company to work in a permanent positioning , she decided to try this stigma and hope for the best .
Well , she transcends all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her persistent work in the early 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid for their masterpiece studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
Tracy &apos;s work was an attempt , just like a prisoner &apos;s dilemma , and it ended up on the front , both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the cluster into more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t let go of offering to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take their first success story , and you can become an example of someone else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I now work in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment .
using crowd-sourcing .
So this is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
It can take some blood vessels .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just release — I &apos;ll release the video — ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The answer is this .
And then , if you do that , and if you do that , you can create outcomes .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be precise , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was addiction networks .
And we also put the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they jump up and down ?
This is a company operating in more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with the dance artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Dirt phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by my weird technique of my lap , always asking me to do something for it , as if I were the extension of his body : turning on the light or bringing a glass of water into a glass of cigarette .
As I got older , his mind got more powerful , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the donor was a good person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really hurt me , was his way of using a mobile phone .
He would pick up a stick and expect me to grab a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my gift , I made &quot; &quot; Sit your phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
Just like my uncle uses a mobile phone created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine that he could send his instructions to his sons and daughters around the world , same thing .
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a dish , print out his email and instruction and make paper .
This device automatically sends out a letter to the person , same .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical interface .
And , of course , the object had to be particularly challenging and fulfilled with ritual pride , like my box and my pleasure .
The next piece is a sound-called &quot; &quot; Pigs . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
This is how it works : we bend the boards on the walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And whenever everything is around them , they sort of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their nose .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we plugged these tiles onto three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small mines behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes silent , they sort of get ejected from the plywood .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds that make them silly .
They also don &apos;t respond to the sounds of the sounds .
You &apos;ll hear a train they don &apos;t respond to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the first plan sound , so you &apos;ll hear this .
( Whistling ) We were very interested in creating them as animals .
So each cheap — behavior , psychology , chaos of desire , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we did a great job of it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Dead Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility of parole with the invisible .
How could you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of camera surveillance system , we built a software that allows a camera to follow people around the room and change one of their funds so that it can &apos;t be seen .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Soren , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an engraved video in which the camera is turned into an invisible camera .
Short comes into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following him , and it &apos;s getting wet .
This is a very early video that won &apos;t solve the traffic and the problems , but we immediately got better .
And we used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that &apos;s covered in space , and then after a monitor on every wall .
Every time they walked into the room , people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one individual would always be invisible , as the group would move in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s dream of oil or sunlight bursts .
From the far end , this object looked very strong and stiff , and from the back it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something that wasn &apos;t happening .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was barely scratching the wall upwards .
Until finally , he was confused and confused .
( Laughter ) This work is all about a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be like he &apos;s lying on a stomach , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s moving around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited to circle .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the circle would be very flat , it would have to lie all over the space .
And there are no lights or wires .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People go into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re in a hurry up , you get a speed up , and it looks like it &apos;s going to turn around .
And that &apos;s an important moment , because that &apos;s how we wanted to defeat the instinct of care to run for him , save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does change himself .
This work was really a technical challenge for us , so we worked long and hard , as in most of our work , to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild the moment of his critique , because if we had built it so that he would turn it upside down , he would have been devastated , but if he hadn &apos;t done enough , he wouldn &apos;t have a sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very quick video that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s releasing the object .
He &apos;s getting sick now , so he &apos;s running out of trouble .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in , working with aesthetics of steel , looking at different kinds of curves that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this , we circumvented around this shape-like structure of the spacecraft laid in the palm .
Our idea was to reverse something as cold and remote and abstract as the universe , with a familiar shape of a still-shaped mushroom , so close and intimate .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;d be looking at this shape as a butterfly , and you &apos;d be thinking of it more as a hole in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still creating , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to zoom in , enjoys you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-legged object .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — trying to protect secrets or so on .
We work a lot with the technique , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it makes us nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behavior models .
And if there &apos;s only one being stuck in our head , it looks like the process of creation is trying to figure out how this creature wants to exist , what shape it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , the relationship , all the industry , all the business , all the trade .
And this is happening throughout our lives .
I believe that one day it will be in the history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve struggled with these problems all my career .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — 13 inches of diameter is infected with Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus ever discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the intersection of a floating disk laptop , and if we look closely , we can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the hell . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says , 1986 , Basit and Amji .
And Basit and Amjad are names , the names of the Sistine Chapel .
In fact , there are also phone numbers and address to Pakistan .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
The problems have been around for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or the road to this building , which is an address to 730 Nizam Block in Allah Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Simple and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting there .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I felt a bit of a relief in the realization that both simple and ancient computers were infected hundreds of times over , completely unrelated to them in those years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s and &apos; 90s , of course , are no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve leaved a system here that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old virus list .
So I &apos;m going to leave you with a couple of viruses on my computer .
Let &apos;s start with , for example , the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see the screen above your computer is blinking for hundreds , this is what happens when you infect this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is visible .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with sound .
( Frequency sounds ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you get stuck , a guy starts walking around behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected with the virus at the time when the viruses made the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t have minds and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , to track specific viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can see and build in real time an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the newest virus we found in failure , called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , that &apos;s just a huge number of them .
We find tens of thousands of them , even hundreds of thousands of them .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of them .
It &apos;s grouped like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are buying fixed computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack into Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can hack into them — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like the bankers who make money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be a cybercriminal .
The bloggers are quietly hiding in your computer and recording everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search for a word that you type in is protected and sent to criminals .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and transmitted to criminals .
The same is true for every single one of your blessings and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the seasons where you go in and you buy any Internet store .
Because when you buy your tickets on the Internet , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found a few weeks ago in the service .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power data , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that obviously is a problem .
We now have an entire market and business ecosystem built on top of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these guys actually work out of their operations , and let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who came from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also flew in the INTERPOL lists , Shaikhs Jain , U.S. citizens .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal transgender surgery , where millions of them had been slaughtered .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. Department received a bank account from the Swiss bank , based on Dr. Jain and that bank account for 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can invest themselves in the future attack .
We know that online crime measures programmers , test people , test their code , and they have relative systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global network of their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go out and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that a French family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get on the road .
They &apos;re changing from one country to another , from one lawyer to another , moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support the law globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free airline tickets to all the cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who have never been able to get us there now can .
Do we go online and search for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one pile of failures .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old pocket release of an image file that has received .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture of failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the file of the painting — and this is the actual code for the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was printed using an XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go there and actually excavate it .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an orange thing .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right down there , you can actually see an Internet address : unionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device that the program will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to unravel the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under the entire encryption , as if it were written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made him proud .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few Russians in the lab , and one of them thought that the head is rare , like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone number and number of cars and so on .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a couple of years , and he &apos;s got his own website , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And on this website , he &apos;s writing about his life as Santa Peterburg — he &apos;s in his early 30s — writing about his cat , his girlfriend .
And it has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of rent and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s quite a beautiful car for a 20-year-old boy from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually got to the airport .
At the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his website — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were to , I would say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know where the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t beat them .
I want it to be easier , but hey , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they infected this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming the logical management brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those keyboards that are programmed , put them in their place and do their work .
For example , lips in this building are very powerful things to control .
And when Stuxnet infects one , there &apos;s a massive revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any grocery store , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed , there is something that creates new problems for us .
We have to have a way to work even if the computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about continuity , replicating carriers , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . I do .
Just think of all the services that we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m worried that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to look for online crime groups — these organized groups that are making millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire deployments .
What &apos;s really important is finding the attacks against people , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are trying to become part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend of mine and I were on our way from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas journeys across national parks and national forests — practically the longest way we &apos;ve ever been able to take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally transmits his facial expression .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these symbols that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments , and then she starts laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Correct , the famous Chinese hieroglyphs went missing . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the symbols around us and how we do behavior when that happens and what can be said about the human extinction ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but in fact , it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we make ourselves wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is wrong — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my existing beliefs here , I am in time , all of a sudden , this abstract sense of failure is being thrown out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings in real time ; we go to meetings in real time with the family ; we go to the elections and vote in the present time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , obsessed with this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get caught in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you can do that , it would be the only absolute moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
So why are we stuck with this law ?
One reason , in fact , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re up there : What feeling — emotionally — how feeling wrong ?
I &apos;m scared . It &apos;s going to go down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared — Thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that it &apos;s wrong can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be creepy , it can be humbling , it can be humbling , in fact , it can be funny , like my fool mistakes because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a hopeless socket , going on forever and never catching a bird runner ?
Almost every time this movie was in the movie , there was a moment when the leg hits the bird , and the bird hits the butt , and it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But you need the leg to walk away from it .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that everything is also perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he leaves the suit , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So , in fact , I should confess what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we believe this — and it &apos;s cultural .
Stop the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the test page , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a support trader , someone who never does homework .
So by the age of nine , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do the wrong job are flexible , irresponsible , accountable — and second , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I suspect a lot of us in this room — deal with it simply by becoming idealistic little decades , perfect , maximized .
Right , my head of finance , astrophysical , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the possibility that we did something wrong .
Because what it means to do something wrong is to do something wrong with us .
So we just keep thinking we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is the Harvard Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s focused on the operating room .
It &apos;s downloaded , the surgeons do their work — turning it on and off to the operating room .
It looks like everything worked fine .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeons did a serious operation on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of the Health Medical Center in Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So these stories are the essence of having too much faith , that you &apos;re right on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like 757 million gallons of gasoline to the Gulf of Mexico or global economic destruction .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
What that means is that you think your beliefs are just about to fulfill the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who disagree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans explain reality in a similar way — some failed assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we generally share that information with them , they will outlight and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people know exactly the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption that they are idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts to do , but they &apos;re too stupid to put them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite smart , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and silence is silent because of their personal goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This commitment to our right has pushed us to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us behave terribly with each other .
But what I find most troubling and most tragic about it is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our minds are repeated windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The miracle of your brain is not that you see the world as it is .
The challenge is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Have Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Climate , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some terrible human lack , something we can remove or eliminate .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
Last year , for several reasons , I packed myself with a lot of the public radio show &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these stories were flawed .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the ultimate failure in law .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which happened not once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had a chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought one will happen and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , lose that .
We like things like instant messages , mishints and unintended consequences .
In our history , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen alone , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that Iraq would eradicate a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his lifetime until he was too old and he could be transported by his own son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school , come back into your town and grow a bunch of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world that surrounds us , and then the world surrounds us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me started , but this whole conference is an incredible key to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advance and improvement , but you know , why do we need all this innovation and advancement ?
Because half of the things that have been most worrying to think about and change the world — TED1998 — is back .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
Now , this topic , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times over , is a fantastic new invention .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to go outside of this little , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the width and the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan hotel and killed Rabbi Mee Cana , the leader of Jewish life .
Fortunately , those plans were injured by the FTB informant .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the World Trade Center .
Not only has it been defeated by criminalization finally .
Al Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , understanding that we actually want the same things in life doesn &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he showed me , and he explained to me that for the last few weeks , he went to a shower with his friends in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I had to go with him the next morning .
The last day , my thigh went onto a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , all the targets got off .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn bombs . &quot; &quot; What his father and his son were .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same thing that my father had .
These guys ended up staggering 650 kilograms of springs and leaving them in a lower standard camp , a global trade center in the North Bowl , which resulted in a devastation that killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I loved .
The people I call Adam , which means the box .
For a long time in class when I was a new face , I often followed the pattern .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was in the 2000 presidential elections .
My group was focused on poverty between the youth , because I was a big part of my life , and it was especially exciting for me .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day I finished the meeting , and I found out that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
Before that , I did not have a friend &apos;s word , and if honestly , I felt embarrassed that I could walk through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The other major step to opening was tremendous when I found Bus Gardens &apos; artwork in summer .
And there I was showing all the faith and culture people , and that experience was the foundation for my higher quality education .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
I had the opportunity to work in the Preme Park with some gay artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
Children &apos;s experience with experiences made me feel empathy for other pains , and it seems to me that it &apos;s not okay to treat good people in the same way that I would like to treat me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes I had learned as a kid with living and interacting with .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right for what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Day Chair . &quot; &quot; The next time Jon Stewart challenged me to be open to myself about my fanaticism , and it helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with character .
He was my father in many ways , when I desperately needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the Jewish comedian made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I am not a living person .
I was talking to my mother one day about the world &apos;s glass , and she said what I &apos;m going to hold next to my heart while I &apos;m alive .
And she looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it took to keep the indomitable in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I discover my story and maybe put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody would force me to use violence , that somebody would hear my story , that there was a better way , that even though I was obsessed with this evil , unorthodox ideology , I wasn &apos;t obsessed with fantasy .
Instead , I chose my experience to use war against terrorism , against fantasy .
I do this because of the sacrifice of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has had in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these crazy acts , and I &apos;m going to disengage my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not inherited from religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of my toenails , I realized I had no toes .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all good to hide .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night , because in the morning , I had an old scream in Europe , and I needed my friend and mine .
And as I got deeper and deeper , I found a big rock , and I cut a corridor window , and I cut glass ceiling , and I flew in , and I found a piece of cardboard , and with the helmet lifted it , and I thought that morning , when I went up to the airport , I could call the masterpiece to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not much cheaper than a broken armor in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings look the same .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cortical that accelerates heart failure , it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And just in the traveling record , I realized in the air that I had no contact . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back into the air , I predicted , but they had already given my place to someone else , so I got on a plane by the side of the toilet , a seat that doesn &apos;t come back in at eight hours in the air .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , set up systems that protect us from all these bad things ?
Or if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my thoughts didn &apos;t last until about a month .
I was swimming with my colleague , Danny Kahneman , Nobel laureate , and as I was lying down , I talked about my lost window , and as I lost sleep , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was described a few years ago , and it &apos;s called the onset of unfortunate studies .
You all know what failure is .
When a team of experts fails , they come in and they try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that we can think of as a temporary study .
Some of them are obvious , others are not .
I &apos;m going to start simple .
Spread the space for things that are easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it &apos;s , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where there are caves , where you can find fish , there are areas of drugs where there are friendly and opposite genes .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that &apos;s growing to the drivers of London .
It &apos;s the part that lets the windows find their shelves .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid and they still found putrums .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re using a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it just works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so good for things that move .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading , and so on .
So distribute your area in your household — a cabin to your door , maybe a decorative skin .
There are special desks .
The eyes are the special table .
If you divide space and you really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or damaged , you &apos;ll find them much easier to recover .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed , the brain is removing the cortex .
The Korean is terrifying ; it challenges your mind .
So part of the analysis of pre-calm infringement is to realize that after stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday , we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about how to treat our treatment or support them to decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But this applies to all of the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — but any decision that the rational judgment will make to the rational facts .
So you go to a doctor and she says , &quot; I just got the lab results and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think that high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your construction . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know that somebody is using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to keep .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take medication or have surgery or other treatments to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
That number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if any of this is wrong , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But it &apos;s estimated that 90 percent of the drugs that go from 30 percent to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers need to be made to the most published building , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make it happen ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that they take for years , while they &apos;re having a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another confession , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the external effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : following muscle pain and knockout pain , stripping and screening — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m going to take the drug still . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people are taking the drug . One is better , five percent of those 300 are undergoing seatbelts , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely that a drug will replace you than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should repeat this talk with your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can check whether you want to take risks or not .
Now , you might think I &apos;ve taken that number up to scare you , but it &apos;s actually a fairly typical number to survive .
Most surgeries , men tend to be over 50 years old , release prostate cancer , the number to survive is 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done by one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their hidden destruction , their regular destruction , their hidden destruction .
And if you &apos;re lucky , and you &apos;re one of those people who represents that , maybe it &apos;s only a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to think about questions that should go forward , that should go forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you have to remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one that can make a lot of pain at the end ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our family and loved ones .
You can reconsider the fluctuation of events , but at least you &apos;ll have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body swings these things into its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid cooking , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s being stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re all wrong .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think early on about what failure might be , that we should have good ways of reducing failure or blocking the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montreal , when I came back from my trip , I asked the master to set up a coding track next to my door , with a few doors in front of the door , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit that I still have a chapter that I didn &apos;t fulfill and a chapter of email that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a modest process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union covered a big object in an unlivable space .
They expected to attract a lot of people around the world &apos;s ideas for the first time in history into space .
The rocket was huge .
And in the foreground , there &apos;s a silver bullet , two radios inside .
In October of 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbia had to find new lands .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And it &apos;s going to make us happy in the future . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a snapshot of &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary that &apos;s almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the release , Sputnik set up the whole thing .
A human being made up of moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a lot of respect and an admission that people finally put something in space .
But after three days , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was a proof that our enemy influenced us in science and technology , and that they can now beat us with a water bomb by putting a Sputnik probe .
And then the whole puzzle started .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest American crimes , compared to Perl Harbor and September 11th tragedy .
He inspired the discoveries of rockets .
He saw the gun go off .
and space exploration .
With funding for Congress , within a year , the guns grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik &apos;s impact has been much more than gun production .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the National Social Security trailed as tens of millions of people in 78 cities have been buried underground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has also made remarkable changes .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship in science just for Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education , reduction grew dramatically .
Wind Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use news .
But it also shows how we can change the seemingly crude situation in which Americans generally benefit .
Sputnik &apos;s going to be released very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d also like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED conference .
The third round is invisible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday things : watches , touches , shots , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be shifted to war victims .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my home country , and even when we talked to experts , experts were reinventing bodies , mass graves , 20 years after the war had happened .
And it seems to be the biggest coffeehouse ever discovered .
During the fourth rose collapse , the drought of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , a year , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died , and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed in cardiovascular operations .
The Universal Declaration of the Universal Declaration has evoked a few barriers to human and genocide .
It &apos;s not just about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural heritage , and ultimately , the very idea that they had ever existed , laughed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance of human identity .
There will always be casualties — there are no perfect casualties .
There will always be cases of death that are more important than their bodies or our easily melting memories .
Our goal is that no body should be recognized .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the victims carry with themselves in the execution room are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of remains are packed in white plastic bags just like you see in the CSI .
These things are used as a tool to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable asset in the violent offices of war crimes .
The reality of life is sometimes asked to figure out why these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardwired or are just trapped by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every conceivable thing , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people a lot more .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photographs will survive as permanent , intolerable and objective memories of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these things guarantee that we can understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us , as close to the next document can be .
One day , all the individuals will recognize , they will only have bodies in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I set out to photograph every month .
I would never have been so overwhelmed .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the projects that we &apos;ve been doing .
Because we &apos;re still trying to implement these projects , we &apos;re most involved in the field of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called the Gold Rush .
The audience sort of enters the room and immediately touches these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s almost as if the viewer is watching her , she seems to be following along and reaching out to gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete silence .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different kinds of identity .
One is in the 19th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Milky Way abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all of a sudden get to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s almost as if the viewer is becoming an opaque observator in space , and they &apos;re also becoming an apprentice and an apprentice as they are , as if they are confined to being or moving in a room when they are stopping in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it looks like a watchmaker creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite the opposite , that the claws themselves are so robust that they follow the rule of thumb , as if they follow the rule of thumb .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page applied to a remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s sort of an A4 shape , or a leaf of paper that &apos;s been carried out of either sides of two small arms that were carried out with infinite attention and attention from the medium of a small portion .
The viewer also sees that all of this sculpture moves in a very small way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without spending a long time either , and they can &apos;t .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of the instability of filming by hand .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips after one .
One is through a hidden camera and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can immediately see how the unstable form of video shapes the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and placed the motion on the plate .
Here &apos;s a video .
You have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to kill the maggots , like , behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a little man with his real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of bread you have to do this series , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
Another job is called the House .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about as big as me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very high resemblance — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks away from him , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hands more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more as the person gets touched .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of you in this desperate expression .
But the idea is — when you get the attention of the person , he doesn &apos;t care , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate junk shot .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like this kind of user-centric aesthetic that sort of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of a distance , with our own image .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re a particularly dangerous creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; The Laptop . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shaped by the size of the auditorium as seen from the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks that big and the audience is sort of occupying my whole field of view .
The audience has 996 little shapes in it .
They are taught mechanically to expand by choice .
What that means is that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand , how long they want to act around them or how they want to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , they get an answer .
It can be a few clicks or clicks , and then no one &apos;s going to happen until the viewer gets off the stage and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak applause in the audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical sense as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating quite complicated and various musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to respond appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of solving and a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency .
It also has its own traits and spaces .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the head of the image sharing in two hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other in order to find the meaning of doubt and order .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when to cover all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Tower .
It comes out of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different flavors of wood .
So we used the same words in the window to create our own network or a network that sits in a room and you can watch from both sides .
This is a network of small figures .
It &apos;s also made up of three different sizes , like you would suffer from a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first of all , and hidden behind a two-gram road .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characteristics of novel and cute beads , like a slow moth made it physically possible to walk that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re frozen and have no care , as if they &apos;re restless and pleased , as long as they can sense their motion from the ground up and down the wall .
So this project challenges us .
These forms are kind of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of prisoners , but it &apos;s also robust because it allows them to remain boring and dull and to worry about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a fairly concrete technical set , and we &apos;ve been very lucky to collaborate with Cyrus ETH on building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions out of our multiplication patterns and created a movement that connected the motions of the head and the motions in the first place .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it boils down to my neck .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , in the first week , you do enough that later on in the hard days , you &apos;ll expect everything , you &apos;ll lose your limbs . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single email .
But then I had my 90 p.m. declaration that I had to write for years .
I knew that this kind of work that I used to do wasn &apos;t right .
This is a huge project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to augment the circle , and then at the end , I &apos;m going to turn on the highest mirror , like a pencil underneath the tape .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
It &apos;s not special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived for two weeks .
One morning , I woke up , had three days to the term , and still no words , and the only thing I could do was write 90 pages in 72 hours , print not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skied across the town of the student , knocked on them slow like a movie , and I pressed the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It didn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad deceration . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today , I am a blogger .
I &apos;m writing a website called Wait A Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To test this , I found an MRI lab that would scan my brain , and it would actually rotate my brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here is the unconscious brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
That means everything is fine as it happens here .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-making entrepreneur decides to do something productive , but that &apos;s not how he takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding scandal , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there will be no places in the workplace to do serious work .
The great apple of Malone is not one that has to solve everything .
She lives only now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was , and she only cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
It works really well in animals .
( Laughter ) And humans are just one more kind of animal .
You have to cheat , count and keep your birthday , and all of that in life would be gone .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why we have another living in our brain — the Rational Choice Administer — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like avoiding or wandering around in bed , or enjoying the use of force .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they do .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call it the Dark Ages Blank .
This is a free-standing action when free-standing is not supposed to happen .
When everything is conducted by the monkey , the question is , how do you get dragonflies in the blue areas , not in the kind of cool place where important things happen ?
And it turns out that the payload has a coal burden on top of it , looking at it at its hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only monkey fear .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s get Google Earth involved , and we &apos;ll take an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of India to feel better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When it turned four in six months , then — two , and then one — people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster is going to go all the way through , and after a few seconds , the whole system is filled with chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing monster — remember , Panic Monster is running horror — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can make a curriculum , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unusual behavior of a painter , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first language , and then with a miracle of work , he does not sleep at night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is an accountable system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the response struck me .
People were frustrated and wrote about how the attendance had affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get so miserable ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing , less about it than about funny , short-term focus .
It &apos;s often survived in silence and alone .
It can cause a lot of long-term dissatisfaction and refrigeration .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re rapidly progressing to a particular project .
This long-term focus has made them into the viewer in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they had achieved their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read these letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no readers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) — and maybe it &apos;s normally coordinated with terms , but remember , the monkey calms down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t very many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to take a serious look at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because every single person in life is doing something .
We should not forget the Magic Carpet .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work we should be starting today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a fellow named Capiton William Spenson , who was convicted of the Congressional Refugee episode in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a conspiracy , paved the way for medical puncture .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the guerrilla , one of the tree drug dealers on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and caught this event .
This is a picture of Capiton Swinson bringing his defeated wars into his pocket .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a profound emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s an evolving love , and I like to know why there are no people around me that I do this ?
Versle is a prize for people who choose to throw others in order to benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve in the military .
Those better people tend to serve others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting a few people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , or resource extraction , or perhaps long-term troops , all of these forces act to reduce the longevity of our lives .
So we become social animals , we live together , we work together , we call a safety net , in a field where we feel part of it .
And feeling safe was born a natural reaction — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
What that means is that at night , I can rise up and I can trust that something out of a coconut tree is safe .
The modern world is like this .
It could be a new technology , it could be a nightmare for your business .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or step out of the business , but at least try to get your plan going and get your business going .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only change is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership matters because the tone that leads .
Every time I was on a plane , I was on a journey , and I became a principal driver , and the journeyman tried to get on a plane before he turned it down , and I watched him work on his name on the plane , treating him as a defender , as a defender .
He was burned to try to get a little too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you treat us as human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to work or not to work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She told me
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because the workers are better off there .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are difficult , we are forced to take time and power away from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good father ? What does it mean to be that way ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to build their faith on themselves , to be able to try and defy , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is a CEO of Next Jump , a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to leave one of your children ?
Nobody is .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Once you go to Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released because of the wrong work .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively disappointed and tortured for these bank leaders who receive inproportionate feedback and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they understood the most important principle of leadership .
They underwent the strict social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mothers Teresa ?
Would we suffer from it ? Of course not . None of us would suffer .
Great leaders won &apos;t give anything .
They name numbers .
They &apos;ll give you the numbers of victims .
Bob Chapman , who runs a big manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the night she lost 30 percent of all her sentences .
It means a lot in manufacturing companies , so they couldn &apos;t sustain workforce .
He had to save 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies today , the government sat down to answer the question of forgiveness .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob believes it &apos;s not the number of workers .
And employees &apos; hearts and a lot harder to reduce heart numbers .
They decided to run a holiday program .
All the workers , from the secretary to the chief , were asked to leave the four weeks of unpaid leave .
The acoustician could have chosen any one of the four in order .
He said it was better for everybody to cheat just by a little bit , and in that way , he got the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to tolerate those people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about some soldiers in the back of the war , and as the soldiers were accepted , the chief officer was the last to eat his people , and they were stopped eating the food that the chief officer had .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to make it happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call them leaders , because they value their savings so that their people are safe and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural answer — our people will pay for us .
They will give their blood , their sweat and their skirts to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why have you given up your blood , your clothing and your skirts for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work for ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survivor in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education was how I helped her do remote , local communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , life with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and so on .
During these trips , my grandmother used to lie in a Kiplingo poem , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Sorry about it .
Go ahead and look for Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Stop and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Sixty years later , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has some heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins over ignorance .
It has to live inside the mom .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the swine blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart attack .
It leaves the present and the genetic context .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically increasing .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it seems that they &apos;re infinitely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Moses was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the garden was a green light .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of liquidation for our first invention .
The hearts of children can be dealt with them .
The rhythm is wrapped up .
Now , that may not seem obvious to you , but it was the first successful attempt to address this huge problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
One of them makes a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our own success , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The chair at the top of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
The research began again .
We went back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Meanwhile , local women were telling the stories by writing difficult letters with glasses , and unexpected mastery helped us build a new facility .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we created a design that was made out of a strong material that recorded shape .
And it seems that in this moment , hearing allows us to build a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structure that requires decades of grading .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device reveals itself , it stands in for the right foot , and it makes a hole .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
This is a child before the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure only takes 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful to look at medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients we &apos;ve had are part of our team , a team , because of interaction with patients that work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to recover power rapidly and inspire creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind for the rest of the year , not for the struggle or for the struggle .
So we have to start with a single model .
We bring one device to make sure every child is healed .
We &apos;re in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one impossible idea , and we will expand it , and it &apos;s true : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Move .
Water and electricity were just as unpredictable as weather , growing up in such complicated conditions as when I was 17 , I was dealing with a couple of friends &apos; wind and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is overhead winter .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one would hire something you could wear on your skin and not have to beat ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought one . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people around the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread in these conditions , and the core of those diseases is called trichotomy .
This infection in the eye is caused by a smallpox in the eye when the eye is caught , and some of the infections that are caught are completely miserable .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth is that when you avoid malignant infections , you have to swim your face : you don &apos;t need drugs , batteries or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusty cell phone , Novokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop rather than trusting the Internet , as much as I did in a 20-hour coffee shop — I went to Wikipedia and
It looked like somebody from KFC , you know ?
And then I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t Think ! &quot; &quot; ) — I found DryBath anymore . ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , the world &apos;s worst changing frame .
She lays on her skin and doesn &apos;t need butter .
( Laughter ) So I first tried to make a product at school , and then I had a very limited resource , and I went to university and I met a few people , and we got a practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring into the market , and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They buy when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all those replacements . He buys one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into a small innovation shift .
Walk past half and print .
The cool part is that one replacement builds up one savings for five colors .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We found that even rich parents want to use DriBath in bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million liters of water every time you spend your childhood , and you also save two hours a day of children from rural areas — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw this universal benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human well-being , and for the poor is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to release it , with an international community , we &apos;re going to release the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience in Limpopo , with 50 pockets of cash per week , I &apos;m going to think about ways that people don &apos;t benefit .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google taught me through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I also chose the best student in the industrial world , the first African to win this award , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in graduate school , and then I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a management consultant , I surrounded the white coat and I saw certain patients .
And after a month there , two things struck me .
I asked myself , are these things going to meet loss aversion , or are we going to forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that amount of growth .
Other drugs are not being treated , therefore they &apos;re not being treated .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of government .
Many of the cost-effective health care solutions are made by themselves .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by lowering the freedom of the physician , you can lower the cost .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no wonder that some of my older colleagues are nuts .
So BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize health care systems ?
So we kind of pulled back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the quality of patients , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it a health care approach .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patient care outcomes versus money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wish surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to pay as much attention to the quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about was the price we saw .
Compared to the country of hospitals , you might find that it &apos;s extraordinarily good , but the numbers of worse are vastly larger .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erick is suffering from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , it can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the chances are that after treatment he doesn &apos;t have to keep a secret is about 50 percent , so he should start using the sun again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . Fifty percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a clinic in Martin-Clinic , the risk would be five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of monetary , or you have the risk of one of your 20s .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
We can see huge differences in the way we look at many different diseases .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s workshop talking about what procedures they were using to run a cage .
On the left-hand side of this slide you see a bunch of metal finished pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everybody &apos;s arguing that &quot; &quot; my way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly knew it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know and we should be able to learn the best . &quot; &quot; They negotiated for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the cube in the operation ? &quot;
And when they did , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a penis in the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pill , it actually serves much longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They passed the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been collecting data every year .
And once a year , they would come together to say , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would come to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who equate and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , decide what &apos;s the best , start the research , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part that &apos;s happy .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you think about the price performance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality also had the lowest cost , even though that was not the first target .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago , there was a study done that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the quality index is smaller than the average , according to the OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurements and optimize its quality to the OECD average , it would save 500 million dollars per year for people .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but is everything logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
Another role in the health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they &apos;re doing in terms of the quality of their patients .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give to their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t .
But therapists have another quality .
They like to recognize other people .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at another hospital , and they &apos;re discussing why this other hospital gets better and better , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of continuous improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can watch and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Carolina Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s a brute , but it &apos;s not a bruise , it &apos;s a bruise .
It means the International Consortium of Health Metrics .
We bring the best doctors and the best patients to the table , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what should be done and transform the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last year : collagen , cold pain , drug artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show working-class kids this postcard .
This is the first time when we compare data , not just from countries inside , but from international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the disease burden .
Comparing with two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinct to achieve quality , significant outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in class with doctors and nurses and others , discussing child survival .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about how much it costs for patients to do better ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the meeting , the top of the chapter sat down .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand first — he raised his hand , he swept his sword and he said to everyone , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a discussion today about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that patients see , we can turn our staff into hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system into not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that watching the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that the curriculum of modern medicine , the Hippocratic Office , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling in their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that I &apos;ve discovered most on how successful companies are , how important functions are really to contribute to the starting company .
I believe startups are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people with the right outcomes and you put them into a start-up company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is that great , why is it so bad ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a metaphor , avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies that I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been building things since I was 12 years old , when I was in elementary school , I sold a car stop in a bus stop when I was doing solar power installations at the high school when I was a college student .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were the best contributors to success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the survival , the adaptation , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put him in his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of teams most show their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Clinic is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of a customer ?
In my mind , it started to turn into a topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea emerge early , and the world is not ready for it ?
Sooner , but should we learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , this Idealab , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollar success .
And at the bottom of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we would expect many of them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reconcile all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not at Ideal Business like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few worms : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; Kozmo , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the facts that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were surprising to me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just at the height of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own decisions to take their home to strangers .
It &apos;s the same with Uber .
Soldiers were looking for additional money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for innovative ways to draw space .
We thought it was a good idea , but actually time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
1999- to 2000 , broadband connectivity was slow .
It was hard to look at the footage on the web , you had to add some code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got rid of it in 2003 .
Two years after the problem of coding , Adobe Flash solved , and when the broad county rate above 50 percent , in America at the same time , YouTube appeared .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , it &apos;s really important to do that .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to evaluate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope that this institution may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I was happy to start my college life , lecture , dinner , getting into college laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and scared , and I was scared of other people , the future , the failure and the grief that I felt inside .
I walked out of the closet when it all started . I was thinking of myself as a teenager , and I rolled down my cheek , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and truth was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he stayed for days and weeks compensating for the third person .
&quot; She goes to the county . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , he was even , after a while , oddly friendly and intimidating , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I hidden that and I used to hide because I was angry , then the voice would get angry .
After a while there was a heavy conversation going on , that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors about it .
And then I was desperately interested and helped , so I told him about a strange comment .
For example , I was at the television station of students who were broadcasting knowledge in the field of university , and during one session , I said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been instilled into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the awful , awful feelings of hopelessness , humiliation and defeat of myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as experiential but as symptoms , my fear and desire to resist .
And then basically I became aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices became controversial and violent .
Do you see that glass of water ?
There was a circle of fear , of avoidance , of lack of belief , of incomprehension , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find a target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was widely overlooked .
I had this crazy repertoire : speaking voices , absurd hallucinations , strange , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly , unfortunate years seems to have died , but something has been saved .
The tribe started as a confused person , sat down , but the person who delivered it all became a winner and eventually grew up as a person who was forced to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been traumatized by me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to call all the good and old people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those hurting and alone .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , it was essential to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I had trusted .
For example , the voices that threatened to squeeze my house , I taught them to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bedroom doors to protect them from what I looked like , making real sounds .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Steregic .
All that knows , I finally broke my pieces , and each one of those pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud of being an international member , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and its foundation was inspired by Professor Marie Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like a survival strategy , a healthy response to a crazy environment , not a crazy and schizophrenic symptom
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating Chinese phrases into social change , they cannot be translated back .
You can &apos;t satisfy the person who cheats you .
You can &apos;t afford to fear people .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Judge has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to unleash the sense of dignity and unity , giving power to people who are dealing with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that is essentially driving hope for the unspeakable power of the individual .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinct to cure himself , and he can use that part of his innate nature .
In this view , there is no greater pride or privilege for the community to help other people recover , to be a victim and to raise their hand , to share the pain and to give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hidden inside of us can never be touched , arrayed and removed .
Light never gets tired .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is it a photograph ?
Because , of course , these are photos that you can &apos;t photograph .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I bought my first digital camera when I was five years old .
It was coupled to my previous passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it was more important for planning .
And when you take a photograph , the process ends when you remove the penis .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you cut the ink .
Images like this : Road work is on the side of a dirt road .
But there is also a mistake .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal is to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photography .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection in order to understand the depth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about transparency to make that picture real ?
Does it have anything to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real ; we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a part of reality where you can layer various parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three very highly imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as long as it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing , and I plug it in .
It &apos;s simply a dichotomy of different realities .
So what makes photographs real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us happen in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , it just seems like a bad picture .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So the first rule is : The photo should be taken from that same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar lighting .
These two clips are filled with both requirements : photo at the same altitude and same light .
The third rule is , you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be solitary .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by laying colors and contrasts and lights on display , and among the pictures , by adding photographs like a tree , by laying colors and glue , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they appear as a single image , despite the fact that a single image can originally be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just a factory , and the background is just a transformation .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise in your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for several months , find different parts of the field .
For example , fish were photographed in fish .
The roots are from different places .
The rotor portion is photographed in the base of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is to plan .
Everything always starts with an idea , an idea .
And then you go down , and you put in different pictures .
And here each part is very well-designed , planned .
If you &apos;re good at raising the right amount , the outcome can be quite beautiful and fairly real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the epic office world .
We immediately got the feedback .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a murdered violent .
There are more rich people who are concerned about new stories , about the addition of documents .
It sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
Don &apos;t connect with us , ordinary people .
Why should we care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can afford to buy money in offices and not pay taxes , it leaves less left-handed public services like healthcare , education , travel sustainability .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are all these phenomena .
The media and political leaders are wondering how the office space can be used to hide its slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think most office worlds tend to blame without understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not correlate with American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding in the slow office .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , from Wajomingo or from Nevada , we would see more U.S. connections .
The privilege here in America is to enable refugee school workers to expand their students , to succeed — investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just disruptive meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to emphasize that this is not an individual event .
It &apos;s about how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for exclusion of meat .
Unfortunately , the United States comes back .
So you want the Panama Papers to give us a glimpse of the openness of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , think of it as a marker for changing time .
You need business leaders to say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secret that creates the conditions for stopping taxes , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Johannes .
It &apos;s said that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , has been going to write more secret documents than the print of the entire world .
Could that be ?
JC : Well , can that be ?
The troubling thing is that the whole world &apos;s printing press is working so hard that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does everything happen ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you secure the resource ?
JS : You might say that those people are classic closed-loop communicators , and there &apos;s not one way that they can communicate to us .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art encryption methods to get the content on the Internet , without leaving traces , while information is being made in countries like Sweden and Belgium , the judge and getting law protection .
We get information in an electronic path , usually phrased or not , we check it out like a regular news service , we give it a formula — what we rarely do is relatively difficult , because speech is about mass translation of enormous information and our own separation from the unavoidable legal and political policies .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact , you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we &apos;re creating something about it at some stage , we &apos;re degrading information as quickly as possible .
( Phone clapping ) Okay .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a debate about how to become a TED Prize winner here . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was the hidden report of the fame that the Kenyan administration gave in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , run by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and with one more report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was the dawn of Kenyan journalism .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , just before the election , of the national group , 28 days .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to tackle a man who was going to be kidnapped , Daniel Arr Moi , and so this report to President Kibaki became unacceptable .
CA : So in summary , you can say that accountability data has been moved to Kenya not from official media , but certainly not from official media . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of elections ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian first page , and then it was published in Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
Information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it was safe to talk about , and Kenyan printing .
These knowledge from Kenya on TV was broadcast 20 Westerners , and Kenya &apos;s Government data reported 10 percent of the vote results and dropped the choice winner .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an aerial Baghdad video .
The video is longer . This is just a short clip .
I want to suggest that this violence is not about people sensitive to it .
Radios : ... fucking , whenever you can , everybody is equal .
I see your element , four Humvees , going one by one ...
I got it . Okay . Open .
Tell me when you saw them . Shake .
Shake it all .
First , fire !
( Crackling ) Shake . Shake . ( Crackling ) Shake .
The butterfly — Boumaster D.C. , Boumaster D.C.
We &apos;ve got to move , we &apos;ve got time !
Okay , so we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and we still have them .
I get it . I see them .
Two hundred and sixty-six languages , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
Behind closed , Kyle . Okay , Ha , ha . I dialed them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : Tell those of you who did that was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do further studies of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened there .
CA : Eleven people died in this attack , right ? Two Reuters from the Reuters agency reading .
JS : Two Reuters workers , two kids play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video inspired a global announcement .
What do I think was the main reason for this misery ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . People may have seen untold power .
These are people who walk down the street carefully , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter Caliber archive , looking for wisdom to sprinkle and kill people who rescue the killers .
There were two journalists who were really not miners , but they were working their way .
CA : Bradley Manning , who was a U.S. Government analyst , was supposed to agree that he had passed this video to you and 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy Cable .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 300,000-pound drill and a 50-foot drill .
In the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy Ricebook , but it &apos;s not necessarily linked .
I mean , in this embassy , I was a common visitor .
CA : If you had received a thousand U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have been a survey of those . ( CA : Really ? ) JR : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JR : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the Arab government , certain damage of human rights in those states .
And when you look at this hidden cable , it makes this image .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to publish hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information can you reach .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations can &apos;t conceive of efforts and resources is coming out , and that &apos;s a good brand , it lets hope that you can achieve something good , an organization that orchestrates that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , a lot of work to get that information back .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole community that information transmission can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the information we were looking for .
I want to say that the policy of immunization is wrong .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized from — from which we could identify individuals .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be classified , for example , health data , it &apos;s stored secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have a basis for doing that .
CA : You &apos;ve got to make that happen .
And what you would say , for example , if the father whose son is serving his son in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out for the wrong reasons .
It shows that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not that . How are you friends ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear a lot about these things .
But remember , for Baghdad , for people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan do not need to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see it every day .
But video can change perception and understanding of the people who are learning it all , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to get light into black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to encourage other mysteries to be published , are you yourself keeping your information secretly ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any WikiLeaks from anyone .
We don &apos;t have resources that are enormous in other places .
If we did that , it would be a sad situation , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : So I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what we &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience thought was .
It &apos;s understandable that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s work .
Or the lady , the hero with the light .
Or a dangerous misfit .
What &apos;s the big deal ?
What do you think he &apos;s a dangerous misfit ?
JS : Well , I &apos;m bold . It should be something .
CA : That &apos;s a perfectly reasonable list , Giuliani , to you .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , daily activity .
At the end of last year , a November , a few oil spills took place in Albania , just like in the Gulf of Mexico , not that big a deal .
We got the answer — in a case , an engineering analysis of events where it was written that conservation workers from some competing oil palms exploding building blocks .
That struggle has been attracted and part of the governments of Albania .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t verify it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , although we understood what language was going on .
So we were looking at this document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is achieving their own goals .
So we put a document up in the country saying we should look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what to do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just test it . &quot; &quot; And we got a letter from the community this week that said , &quot; &quot; We want to know the source of dignity . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They wrote that they want to explain the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Speak more specifically .
What are the documents you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to publish a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the doodle , and the Microsoft Word ID portion was punished by the doodle authors .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identify or to monitor the content that we have , and that is , we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Have you been given information from BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have been declining , because if we get a lot of interest , now we &apos;re reinventing our core systems .
The cost of attention is overwhelming .
Like every starting organization , we &apos;re very happy about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that goes through the cranial itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — or is there a lack of job journalists , or is there a lack of reservation from journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it &apos;s affecting the way we make materials . We have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest national security data , and also the less hidden information .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
I read you had to teach 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in a movie business , and then kept secret from the second , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JS : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You &apos;ve been a juvenile hacker , and you &apos;ve been quite a young lawyer in the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I emailed a magazine that I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So we need to act compassionately with the judge .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in multiple activities .
Unfortunately , today it &apos;s mostly tailored by the Russian mafia , wanting to offset your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t really think you &apos;re driving someone &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can we get them to name us , maybe tell us what kind of event that made them want ?
JS : Because of the event , I can &apos;t answer .
But the core values like this — intelligent , elegant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I met in my life .
CA : The smart , fuzzy people aren &apos;t afraid of goggles , do they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I &apos;m not very good at taking care of the crops , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I can defend the people — it &apos;s to give the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a spine that was very long for me .
CA : So tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something surprising , along with the bank caretakers , and then the media companies had to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult struggle .
The banking sector in the country was 10 times bigger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we released the report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes before the transmission , and as in the movie , the public knows about friendship , and the reader says , &quot; Never has that happened . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Over the course of all that time , on television , our website was broadcast . And we were in Iceland , and we were driving , and we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and the result of that was that with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new copyright policy change that would allow Iceland to be in a certain sense an official license to freely press , that the journalists in the world would protect journalists , a new prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were the same as the Icelandic brand .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question , Jonathan .
When you think about the future , what do you think is going to be — or is Great Brolley going to have greater grid control , there &apos;s going to be more gridlock , are we going to watch the Big Bang , or are we going to see the process going to collapse ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right for freedom of speech to come up with more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
Which way do we go ? It &apos;s hard to figure out .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience the premise : Giuliani , be careful , and we &apos;ll move forward .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day after day .
My name is Ulais .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront a balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russian subjects , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing , and he carries a violent bull by wanting not to be rejected by classmates as though he should be .
This little boy has a purpose and a dream , but he hides them to be adopted because being different isn &apos;t easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nita , one of the bars at Santa Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t like you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halloween from the movie , but I &apos;ve never seen his anger .
It hides its emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and look like an aggressive Half .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new context .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : the ironic , the Iron Man , comparing humans .
( Laughter ) In the arts , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting thing about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and dreaming to come true .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For the Russian society , I am an elderly and I have no hope of escaping .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bowl of the Gulf of Mexico , with a wetsuit , with an irrelevant backbone .
But remember , the irony is key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and strangers .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be fun and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re reaching more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the problems of Azeroth virtually .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragile beings .
And indeed , the result is more robust social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making reality more like a game .
Before the wonderful Play-Doh Play-Doh , we had some horse curves .
People hurt . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
Eighteen years later , Herodott said , well , 18 years later , the king decided he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to reach them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story , and it &apos;s going to continue .
We have a story . We have skills as a local entertainment , the creation of a knowledge network , sustainability , vision and looking at resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , it can open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women &apos;s actions . This is a room full of men .
Women without missiles .
I experienced deep inside what was worth soap .
Two and a half years ago , I got bored .
I walked up to the table , and I ruined the wheelchair , and the right eye had to turn .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was less educated , I was speaking to doctors , to scientists , and here I am , to say that the path to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remix .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to reach the height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern males have become equal to male-pattern .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was waiting for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you slept for five , the evening would be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It turned out to be a mystery competition .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet in the middle and say , &quot; &quot; Are you kidding me in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may be like , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss a track , I &apos;m going to miss some tricks , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it enters the Titanic .
And our titans have already surrounded so many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be kidnapped .
( Applause ) Now , while all the brothers would have been extremely bold and linked , perhaps the sister would have noticed the ice , because it would have been seven and a half hours in bed , and they would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers is the best for the world .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that hide us , unlock the barriers and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material , a fishing network , using ages to do the same thing .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long , floating forms that are equivalent to the size of buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I never studied sculpture or engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of them had failed .
I started teaching myself , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give me paintings , I would take the paintings off the boat and I would go to the town of Mahabali .
The last day it came , but my paintings didn &apos;t come back ...
I had to do something .
The village of animals was the voice of their own violation .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I watched the fish shoveling their nets in conversations on the snow .
I would see it every day , but I would look at it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms with no tough and elegant materials .
My first interest in sculpture was to collaborate with these fish .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Platonic Clouds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we set up our campfire .
I found her peaceful surfaces reconciling with every wind turbines , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach the traditional verses and collaborate with the amateurs , later in Libya and with the news crews .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so they would become , from the marvelous objects , something that would change .
Going back to India to work with fishermen , we built a network with half a million empty handbags , and Madrid was soon adopted .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a radical design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a lasting piece for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly fruit and brief .
For two years , I was looking for fireflies that would support ultraviolet radiation , friendship , weather , congestion , and also make it easier for the wind to float .
We needed something that would hold the network above the wind in the middle .
So we launched this 25,000-pound peanut tree .
We had to design it so that we could move gracefully with the plant and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design plan that could simulate something that was blind and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers designing the mouths of the American Depression Service , Peter Heppel .
It helped me meet a double challenge , to achieve a perfect form and a simple gesture .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t keep cutting the grass .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial fishing industry , and I &apos;ve learned their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language to translate that unique , ancient drilling of a conventional machine operator to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two-year-olds were born , we saved 50,000 square feet — about 15,240 square feet — a pure net .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was a building , a long time , and there was no authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and fair .
Now it has meaning .
We went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind come out and choreograph , and I felt like I had found an apple , and I also found a connection with the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these scores of sculpture for cities across the world .
I &apos;m going to describe two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic route of the city of Philadelphia : its path , I felt , was needed easier than just to make a sculpture .
So we experimented with fresh water particles to create a dry millimeter that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explosions , and also people that could be shaped in all of those places without starting .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an X-ray of the urban system .
Another challenge : Environmental and ideas from the Biennial of the United States , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of the 35 West Bank and their cooperation in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami driven across the Pacific .
It crushed the tectonic plates of the Earth , accelerated the melting of the planet , and yet it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means the microscope that confined Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using ink .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I changed the metal sheet into a tiny , tiny network of materials , 15 times tougher than a pencil .
This sculpture was already totally sculpted , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York , and I was asked if I could take my creation from Times Square or High Line .
New ways of thinking enables me to design and build skyscrapers that look like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t financed , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing sulfur to most of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re the most important .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of creation , visible .
Today , I &apos;m bringing this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive , scalable buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer , who never thought about art , never touched the local art museum , blew up everything he could , from his workplace , and made him lying under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the grass , there were changes in the wind next to strangers sharing a surprise to discover ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you have to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some capability .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a baby woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t think so . )
Information simultaneously gets transmitted through our sensory systems , and it creates a multiplicity of views of gardens about what this current moment looks like , how it thinks , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m the energy essence , the environmental energy joined by my right-hand side .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re in the same position , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
The one on the left is a routine thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the ease of the body . Imagine that .
