By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really deep meaning to explain .
The first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of a late , blogging video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would come out immediately after he died .
This is what he wrote as an instruction .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here it is . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the Web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally got rid of the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as a first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more carefully coordinated than most , but in fact , all of us today
Think about statistics for a moment .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million light bulbs are delivered every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is take a few pictures and images of the house , or the grandmother that lives in a box somewhere now .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to create a couple of incredibly intriguing technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , was quite comfortable when I was signing up at one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but ever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : go to ifidia . Even before I get there .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroom : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called 1,000 Remembrandt .
And what it lets you do is create an online dating for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and the stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could scan over 90,000 hours of films of homes .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate large numbers of data improvements , analyzing somebody &apos;s entire life content is going to be possible — TVs , images , movies , websites — that we &apos;re now creating these large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital identity can continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , and therefore it &apos;s not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology can do that meaningfully .
We can already see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Tweet &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say in your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be very common .
But you can imagine how something like this will happen in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical capabilities get better .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that communicate more like people .
But what if these robots could combine with a unique characteristic of a human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human being created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN was directly transmitting W.I. among them — a hologram of hip hop music in my studio in particular interviewing Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same amount of representation of our loved ones in our places — connecting very similar to our lives , according to all the content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to scale exponentially .
To conclude , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that is what it means to be living definitions and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after career breakfast — I call them reporter .
These are people who have done career breakthroughs to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interest or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , retirees , returns to work , or return to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of the missing relationship between the workers and the reporter .
By bringing people together , the miracle of their lives is often described as a great risk , and the individuals who make a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this issue of openness that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
A successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Office , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest cross-section of my career , of course .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O didn &apos;t work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And here is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the invitation of Today Show , which was to say to the people who tried to come back now but struggled .
Tracy said there were five children whose mothers liked being home , but after the school , she had to go back to work , and she really wanted to get back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for finance , she was looking for a baker &apos;s job , and she spent the last nine months examining companies online , and she was running for business without any measurable results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if anything could change .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for a job and tell everyone that she knew she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got a lot of conversations going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a bunch of people who finally get to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I was trying to get back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , with people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our comprehension of time has shrunk , what happens to most of us , what we are left out of our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day later .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they know nothing about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great encouragement of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I did not pursue business news .
My field is funding , and I &apos;ve been hardly scraping news when I was at home growing my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it properly for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt that I had a sense of what was going on in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the embodiment of labor force , that &apos;s why .
We have less consultation or partnership change .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great job experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our own workforce .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that workers have when they &apos;re ready .
First , the workers are really excited that the reporter is removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been a technologist , it &apos;s just a constant state .
I &apos;d been doing financial analysis for so long that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus 1 , 2 , 3 . &quot; &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I told the reporter that the workers were hoping that they would be working by having the basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they enter .
The second worry about the reporter is that they don &apos;t care that reporter don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I told the reporter that they needed to do a good job and find out whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
This is the reporter responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of short-term learning , no matter whether it &apos;s called surprise , or not , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee starting a collaborative reintegrating program .
I saw the return engineer , the missioned reintegration candidate , led to an initial leveling program in the war , and then got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating semi-professional education programs .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a report from the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage survivor between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The top five financial services companies have a reintegrated curriculum for professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are trained , and people who move to permanent positions get competitive feedback .
Now the seventh largest engineering firm is trying to reintegrate the reintegration programs for engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Management Service .
Why do companies choose to reintegrate ?
Because instincts allow employees to build resolution in real work , instead of talking to each other , and you don &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the instinct is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that the leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great gardeners .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But right now , not only are the programs being designed specifically for the reporter , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their veterans &apos; return to work was supported by their reintegrated programs .
And there &apos;s no doubt that there should be no retirement savings programs .
On the other hand , that same idea .
So what happened to Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell everyone that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father in her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the job of the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time of work .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would go into something more , but there was nothing to offer .
It was April 2011 .
Tracy loved a company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And even though she had a second job offer in another company to work in a permanent situation , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all their expectations , and the company not only offered her the latest job in the early 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And then in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Tracy &apos;s work was an attempt , fully as a surprise , and it ended up in both Tracy and its work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t be afraid to offer a stunning or unqualified service that doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Tell the first story of their success , and you can become an example of coming to other reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I now work in the solar industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , wants to take a serious view of the environment .
This is using crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
It can take some blood .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just spend — I &apos;ll spend a video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) Not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the government .
The answer is this .
And then , if you do that , and if you do that , you can make a discovery .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be precise , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the networks of relativity .
And we also constructed the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Are they going to open up , not join ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with the dance artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object I &apos;m calling &quot; &quot; Sit Puppet . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by this weird technique of my lap , always asking me to do something behind it , as if I were the continuity of his body : turn on the light or bring a glass of water , a pack of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I began to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the unit was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his cell phone .
He would lift the pill and expect me to find a number .
So , as an answer and a gift to my uncle , I made a mobile phone . It &apos;s so long that it has two people to use it .
Just like my unit uses one person &apos;s phone .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made him a gold writing machine that he could send his instructions to his sons and daughters around the world , too .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a plate , print his elbow and print his elbow and remove the paper .
This device automatically sends out a message to the person who &apos;s writing it down .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my unit only works with mechanical interface .
And of course , the object had to be especially polite and certified , like my uncle and likes .
The next piece is a soundscape institution that we deeply call &quot; &quot; The Princess . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put boxes on the walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they kind of sneak out .
And if they get quieter , they shake their neck .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And behind them , we hid over 500 such small farmers .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
As soon as the surroundings become silent , they appear to come out of the closet .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
And then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . And then you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as living .
So each cheating is an act of self , a psychology , a value of commitment , a person and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll do better than that later .
We made them respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisibility .
How could you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a surveillance system , we built a software that allows a camera to follow people around the room and change one of their backgrounds by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague , Susan , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a clip of a video that I made that I couldn &apos;t see .
Sir goes into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following him and knocking him out .
This is a very early video that we &apos;re not solving yet , but it &apos;s immediately improving .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was cast in space , and then after a monitors on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person was always invisible , as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; The Solar Tower . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s peak oil or a solar cooker .
From the point of view this object seemed very strong and tense , whereas from the ceiling it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him , thinking it was just something that wasn &apos;t there .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was struggling to step up the wall .
Until finally , he was confused and tortured .
( Laughter ) This work is a human-centered cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be like she was lying on a t-shirt , and his body was growing out of it almost like a plant .
It wigs around its head like a headrest , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , the boundary would be very equal , it would be rounded by space .
And there are no bodies or flies .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People walk into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slowly , in a few minutes , like it &apos;s raining through the pain , it &apos;s getting refined , and it looks like it &apos;s going to fall over .
And this is an important point , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional willingness to run for him , save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does , like , repeat himself .
This was a real technical challenge for us , and so we &apos;ve been working hard and hard , like most of our work , to combine the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild the moment of his decline , because if we had built it so that it would open up , it would be destroyed , but if it didn &apos;t turn out sufficient , it wouldn &apos;t give up the sense of inevitability , and so no job was to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
This is my colleague . He &apos;s moving the object around .
It &apos;s getting harder now , so he &apos;s running out of it .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object self-assembles .
This is a work we &apos;ve been particularly interested in , and we &apos;ve been working with the aesthetics of the column , with the optics of different columns , looking like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the sphere of a snake , covered in a canopy .
Our idea was to reboot something as cold , as distant and as abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a swimming pool that feels so close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were longing to look at this shape as a mosquito , and you realize it more like a hole in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last work , still being made , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach , enjoy you when you grow up to two times taller and eight times tougher .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting to allow you to have a dynamic connection with people around you — like trying to protect secrets or so .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just look at some creature in your mind , it seems that the process of creativity is an attempt to figure out how this creature wants to exist , what shape it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And that happens throughout our lifetime .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will be in the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my whole career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 13.4 centimeter disk infected with Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that was ever discovered in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector . And if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Hi , come on . &quot; &quot; And then it goes on , and it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of desiccationary origins .
In fact , there &apos;s also the number of phones and the address of Pakistan .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some images I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 miles south of Abotabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or the road to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Blake in Allah Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we were having a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt a little bit of a pleasure about understanding that both Sputs and Amjad were also infected with hundreds of times over , completely unconnected over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s and &apos; 90s , of course , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you a few examples of what they looked like .
I left here a system that allows me to leave old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually design some devices . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to leave you with a few viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen a hundred times , that &apos;s what happens when you infect this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is , imagine what a Walker virus does .
Yes , when you hit , a guy will walk behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was made by the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here is our system , which we use in our labyrinth for example , which we follow specific viruses around the world .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our labor system online again , we can actually see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest viral that we found on the file , called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of malware happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s grouped like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBuck.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts where these guys are getting stuck computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can buy these computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — for these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get to work on computers ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like the three bankers who make money from your Internet bank when it &apos;s used , or it can be cigarettes .
Cyloggers will quietly steal your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to criminals .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and moved to criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you join and you buy in any Internet store .
Because when you buy in the shops of the Internet , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card owner .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a vast market and business economy built on top of cybercrime .
Take an example of how these guys actually work out of their surgeries , so let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the people who are looking for them .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin who came from Sweden and his crime partner who also went to INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions upon them .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.A.V. officials charged the Swiss bank account that belonged to Mr. Jain and that bank account was 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So cybercrime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can invest themselves in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are selecting programmers , selling tests , testing their code and having relative systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves see how we &apos;re working — how people are working — and try to get rid of all the protections that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global characteristics of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go out and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows how one family of suffering programs can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t manage to clean up the road .
They go from one country to another , from one jurisdiction to the other — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have access to global jurisdiction when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
Is it , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one infected file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old coding failure where it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture file on your Windows computer , the file is actually going to take over your computer control and drop the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the front of the painting — and this is the actual code for the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was covered by the XOR function of 97 .
You just need to believe me , he was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually evaporate it .
Well , the yellow part of the code is now broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look different than the organ .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you can see an Internet address : onononononone-seek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device that the software will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is here , after all of the descriptions , as if there were any text .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made a promise to him .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few rats in the lab , and one of them reminded us that the brain is rare like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Sanskrit Peterborough .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking at the connections of St. Petersburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a few years , who has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular distribution of Live Journal .
And on this webpage he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — he was in his early 30s — writing about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on Mercedes-Benz S600 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , this is a pretty beautiful car for a 20-year-old boy from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually came to the airport .
San Francisco at the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are the O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; It was over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online crashes are coming out ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know what the landing attacks are .
And even if we find cybercrime , it &apos;s often not a result .
Civil police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot shrink them .
I want everything to be simpler , but the box isn &apos;t .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they infected this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical management blockchain .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , that little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , a keyboard that &apos;s programmed to put in its place and do its job .
For example , lips in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invaded one , there was a big revolution in what kind of risk we should be worried about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food processing plant , look at it — everything is computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We need to have some way of working even though computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating behaviors , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services that we get online .
Think about what if they were in your mind if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m worried that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life securing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t defend cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s a real assembly of people behind the attacks , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to become part of this cybercrime world but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend of mine and I were on our way from Providencia , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel the coastal paths across national parks and national forests — almost the longest way we &apos;ve ever been able to get there .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see on the road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reveals the mimic of her face .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all of these signs that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; And she just spoke to me for a few moments , and then she laughs , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs are in trouble . ( Laughter )
I spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we do behavior when that happens , and what can we say about the human toll ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we make ourselves wrong .
We understand that in abstract terms .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is wrong — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my convictions here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this sudden acknowledgment of mistakes going out the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The point is that the real time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we have time for dinner with the family ; we go to the elections and we vote in the present time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of stuck in the middle of our lives , stuck in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get caught up in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get out of that feeling , and that if you can do that , that would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative veil that you can do .
So why are we stuck with this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting next to me : What feeling , emotionally , is wrong ?
It &apos;s blue . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid it &apos;s going to go down , I don &apos;t care — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s answers to a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be embarrassing , it could be embarrassing , in fact , it could be funny , like my stupid mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t feel anything .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a hopeless leg going on and never catching a bird &apos;s rush ?
In nearly every sequence of this movie , there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird hits the butt , and it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after it &apos;s broken .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that the leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he jumps out of the closet and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cutting edge .
So I should actually address what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any internal signals to tell us that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we &apos;re stuck in this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that for a moment in primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the pages of the test , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got that letter .
A stupid kid , a support coworker , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the wrong job are expensive , unaccountable , and second , that in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And most of us — and I suspect , especially a lot of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes idealistic , small-scale , idealistic .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysical , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the possibility that we did something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just very carefully think we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , fun and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is the Harvard Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the world .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s interested in the operating room .
She &apos;s confused , the surgeons are doing their job — they &apos;re turning around and taking her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finally looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeon had a major surgery on her left leg instead of right leg .
When the president of Beth Israel was speaking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , a surgeon simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories were the key to having a great faith in being right , that anything on the right side could be very dangerous .
The sense of interpersonal rights that we all experience so often is not a gift of what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just about perfectly representing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all the people who disagree with you ?
It turns out that most of our people explain reality in a similar way , which is a terrifying number of unsuccessful assumptions .
The first thing that we often do is something that doesn &apos;t fit with us , we just think they &apos;re miserable .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them more generally , they will shed light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it out for their own purposes .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This inclusion of our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us behave terribly with each other .
But what makes me the most glamorous and the most tragic thing is that it comes down to being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are the windows of the visible , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the night sky at the same night and see that , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , so is why we are wrong .
In 1200 , until D.C. put the famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I . &quot; Augustine sat down and said , &quot; Fallor ergo sum . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something that we can either eliminate or eliminate .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and diversity .
Last year , for several reasons , I covered myself with a complete celebration of a lot of public radio , this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the stories were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the smartest person in the field .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this manager Ira Glass .
And I remembered it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , it &apos;s true .
By the way , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As the creators of the show , we laughed that every one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that closed theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen to one and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need to be there , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the readers , lose that .
We like things like instant grass , misleading signs and unexpected endings .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he was going to invite Iraq , he was going to find multiple weapons of mass destruction to free people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought he would be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life until he was too old and through illness and he could transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you &apos;re going to grow up and leave a middle school lover , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I wrote an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we are creating incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world is turning around and surprising us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible reminder of our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but you know why we need all this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half of the things that were most worthy of thinking and changing the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
Now , this topic , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a fantastic new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the expansion and the complexity and mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , a Jewish wildlife leader .
Fortunately , those plans were inspired by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the World Trade Center .
Nosair was finally destroyed by criminalization .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I say that when people cooperate with each other , to understand that we actually want the same things in life that we don &apos;t have for a long time .
A few months ago , he explained to me and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my candle landed in a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ib-uh . &quot; &quot; What father and son were like .
They all seemed very funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same thing that my father had .
These people ended up moving 650 kilograms of terror and leaving at a lower level station , the World Trade Center in the North Tower , creating a bloom that killed six people and flooded over 1,000 .
These were the people I liked .
The people I called amygdala , which means the box .
When I was in my classroom , I would often follow my own experiences .
I was raised to give people unnecessary criteria , like racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiments that really influenced my mind was in the 2000s presidential elections .
My group was focused on the struggle between the youth because I was the victim of a great deal of my life , and it was especially exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day when I was finishing my congress , I found out that one of the children I had friends was Jewish .
Before that , I had no friends &apos;s judgment , and frankly , I felt an embarrassment to go through a barrier that was largely what I had experienced in my life .
The next major step in translation was when I found a summer job at Bus Garden .
And there I was showing all the people of all belief and culture , and that experience was central to the education of my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
In the Progress Park , I had the opportunity to work in shows with some gay artists , and I immediately realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other people , and it seems to me immoral with good people , not the way I want them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with experiences and conversations .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I am confronted with justice for something I cannot control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Day of Christ . &quot; &quot; The next thing was , I was asked to be open to myself about my fanaticism and help me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father in many ways , when I desperately needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the famous comedian has made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I am not a stayer .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village of my world , and she said what I was going to hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eye of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism , and she said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it took to keep ourselves awake .
Zack Ebraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and maybe put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody had to use violence , that somebody had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and that even though I had been seduced into this ugly , un-tolerant ideology , I was not allowed to be a fanaticist .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terror , against infantry .
I do this because of the sacrifices of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that the terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these insensitive acts , and I &apos;m going to diminish my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that poverty is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son doesn &apos;t have to follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of the tower , whispering in my pocket , I realized I had no clues .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t go back to my friend Jeff &apos;s night because I had an earlier battle in Europe in the morning , and I needed my back and my suitcase .
As I was growing up and getting rid , I found a big stone , and I pulled out my window , and I pulled out my glass ceiling , and I pulled in , and I found a piece of cardboard , and as the cane passed , I planted it in the hole , thinking that in the morning , when I got up to the air conditioning , I could call the cardboard
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a spinal ward in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings , things like that .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They dissect the card that reinforces heart failure , it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , skied back into the air , pushed back , but they had already given my place to someone else , so they flew me back to the plane next to the toilet , to a seat that had never been recovered in eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours it wouldn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I began to wonder , can you do anything , set up systems that protect you from these kinds of bad things ?
Or , if something goes wrong , at least the probability of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I began to think about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t go away until about a month or so .
I was interviewing my colleague , the Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I sat down , I talked about my blurry window and as I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was described a few years ago called the pre-temporary study of disability .
You all know what a failure study is .
When it failed , a team of experts arrived and tried to figure out what was going on .
So today I want to talk to you about a couple of things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simplicity .
Put a place in your house that &apos;s easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years , to be able to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hillside where you can find fish , the flora of trees where the friendly and the opposite sides live .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that elevates the taxi in London .
This is the part that lets the governments find their own writing .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where they smelled nuts perfectly , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , but with a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly sophisticated brain machinery to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , that aren &apos;t moving too well .
And so we lose sight of the machine , or the eyeballs of reading and beyond .
So take your place in your house — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative cabin .
For the world , concrete blocks .
The Germans are a special table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about the journeys ?
The phone , take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , send yourself a light to be in the cloud .
If these things are successful or damaged , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember when the brain is stressed , the brain is dividing in a cartoon .
The Korean is boring , it makes it harder to think .
So part of the preparedness for recent anesthesia is to recognize that through stress , we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stressful case than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday we &apos;ll all be in a situation like this where we have to make a very important decision about treating your family or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical condition .
But this applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , even to financial or social decisions — any decision that will make the trade-off rational assessment of fact .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got out of the lab and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that a high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you &apos;re thinking , well , the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your construction . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most frequently distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know that somebody is using them .
It &apos;s a number to keep .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take drugs or have surgery or other treatments to keep them alive .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s guilt , if anything is wrong , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxhSmithKline calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers are required to be said to the building , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used for one thing ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that will take years to close the road to one heart attack , insulin , or somebody else .
You might be thinking , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another one , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the externalities of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are frightening things : the next pain of muscles and nectar and dot production — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take a drug . &quot; &quot; But please .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people on drugs . One drug works , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely your drug will be saved than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can see whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you might think , well , that &apos;s a number that I &apos;ve taken away from your head , but it &apos;s actually quite typical to count .
For most surgeries , men are more than 50 years old , the standard deflation due to cancer , the number required to survive is 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done to keep one person alive .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection crashes , their lack of secrecy , regular destruction , their lack of measure .
And if you do , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it &apos;s only a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that all of a sudden .
And you have to remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life to be able to bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things that I need to talk about now with my family and loved ones .
You can rethink the chaos of the event , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need to go into the eyes with the grave system or the liver system or the immune system , because if the body of those particles develop its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not required .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s out of the window at stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about these kinds of situations before .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that all of us are not angry .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think back to the past , what unfortunate might happen , that we have practical ways of reducing violence or preventing the road to bad things .
Back on that night in Montreal , when I came back after my trip , I wrote down the master plan to put a coding board next to my door , with a click of the front door , and it was easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a pile of letters that I didn &apos;t fulfill , and a pile of letters that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I &apos;m seeing the process shifting , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union undercover a large part of an unsustainable site .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history into space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current bubble in the front , it &apos;s two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbia have had the pleasure to discover new land .
Now we have the pleasure to discover space .
And this is the future to further enjoy our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
Sputnik , after leaving , created all the fun .
A human being made up of a moon , seen by ordinary residents , had a sense of respect and an exhilaration that people finally put something in space .
But three days later , so-called Red Day , the media and politicians were telling us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our enemy put us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can pull us out of the water bomb by using Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest attacks in America , and it was related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He inspired the openness of the missile .
He saw his guns .
It &apos;s about competing for space .
In Congress , a single year of funding has grown tremendously , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than weapon manufacturing .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the Civil Rights Movement practiced , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were wandering underground .
Or a Gallup survey that revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik , though , made great changes .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education , the curriculum has grown dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of ARPA , to the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how a free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very unreliable to the things that Americans generally have done .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
To conclude , I &apos;d like to use the passion and to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , and I &apos;ve been involved in the first TED Conference .
The third is less apparent .
Does it all fit ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clock , rocks , dance , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they were going to be shifted to the side of the war .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my hometown , and even when we talked to experts , they would resurrect bodies from new detectors of mass graves , 20 years after the war has happened .
And it seems to be the biggest coffeehouse ever discovered .
During the fourth decisive conflict , the heartbreak of Bosnia at the beginning of the 1990s , about 30,000 people , the majority of civilians , were displaced , and 100,000 were killed in career operations .
The Universal Declaration of the Industrial Rights has evoked a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ownership , their cultural heritage , and , in the end , the same idea that they had ever existed , was denial .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be footprints — not perfect crimes .
There will always be footprints that are more comfortable than the weak of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they discover things that the laughter carries with herself to the execution place , they &apos;re highly detailed , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of suitcases are packed into white plastic bags just like you see CSI .
These things are used as a tool for detecting victims , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the violent offices of war .
The real life is sometimes asked to predict who these objects belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are destroyed or just displaced by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object I could , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people a lot more .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , intolerant and intolerable reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these things guarantee that we &apos;ll understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; justice expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is as close to all of us as the next document can be .
One day when all the individuals will recognize , they will only have bodies floating in their basement and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was approaching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I sat down to photograph the whole month every day .
I would never have been so desperate .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give away a lot of fun .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share with you some projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects happen , we &apos;re mostly involved in both intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiments that we pursue every single one of these works .
The first project is called Listening Color .
The viewer is kind of coming into the room , and instantly these posters are immediately placed on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer sees a poster , it seems to explode and stop in a gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here is the essence of two selves .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alphabet tables and the other one is about 100 years old , and the Milky Way is abstract .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s almost as if the viewer is in the space of the viewer , and it becomes , again , transparent and self-serving as it is , as if the viewer is in the room or moving , as they &apos;re stopping in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems like a watchmaker is creating a sense of sustainability between the cracks , but it may also be open-minded that the cracks themselves are so tightly arranged by the rules of thumb that they seem to apply to the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s an A4 shape , or a piece of paper with a leaf of paper that &apos;s carried out of both sides of both sides , and it &apos;s been carried out with an infinite amount of attention and a little bit of medium .
The viewer also sees that all of this sculpture is moving very , very carefully , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without spending much time on it , and they can &apos;t .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of instability by filming hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a hidden camera , and the other is through a manual camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video overloads the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just took the camera out , and we flipped the movement on the plate .
Here &apos;s a video .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to kill the puppet &apos;s gesture as if behind this big paper clip is a small human being with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of bread that I have to do this task , and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of me .
Another job is Masali .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks upright , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hands closer and closer as the individual gets closer .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use the whole thing in this desperate expression .
But the idea is — when you get the attention of the person , he &apos;s not interested in it , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of the mass .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device that comes out of the factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Since we &apos;ve always worked in a very personal space , we like this consumer &apos;s aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of distance with what it looks like .
And so this is a particularly frightening creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
Another job is &quot; &quot; Blooming . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a custom sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape made out of an audience the size of a person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this big and the audience is sort of taking over my whole field of view .
There are 996 little figurations in the audience .
They learn to extend mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand as powerful and as long as they want to act around them or how to influence others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , they get an answer .
It can be a few clicks or clicks , and then no one &apos;s going to happen until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience is reacting again .
It could be anything from a few weak applause from the audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as the object itself or the object that also has a certain kind of musical notation as the instrument .
So the audience can play by creating fairly complex and various musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of contemplation and a sense of urgency and uncertainty .
He also has pleasure and pleasure .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of the head sharing in two hands .
Here &apos;s a little animation , as if the two brainstorms are connected to each other in order to find the meaning of doubt and order .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t know when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Race Tower .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and you can see from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures on this site .
They &apos;re also made out of three different sizes , like you would expect a certain perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and unfold , first on the road , and hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters the symbols and the movie features of the group , as if the plane had physically consisted of traveling that way .
We like the idea that these portraits dance as if they &apos;re disturbing and undisturbing , as if they &apos;re disturbing and disturbing , as long as they feel the movement from view and they hide behind the nearest wall .
So this project is sort of the opposite .
These images are kind of embedded in this very grid grid , which is kind of prisoners , but also frustrated because it allows them to survive the businesses and the oil and the disadvantages of what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH to create the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions out of our multiplication and created a movement that connected the motion of the head and back the motion .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , he &apos;s flying towards my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower in the first week , you do enough to make it harder in the days of the day , expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers , which I had to write for years .
I knew that the regime of my normal work didn &apos;t work .
This is a big project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back , and then I &apos;m going to put in the top reserve as if I was going to stick under a cliff .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t dare to start .
And then two months later , there was one that went into two weeks .
I finished one morning , having three days to finish the sentence , and there was no sentence left . The only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I shredded not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the students &apos; town , I walked slowly down like a movie , and I pushed myself before the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad degree , a very bad degree . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a blogger .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I came up with a MRT lab that would scan my brain and indeed my brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s all good until this happens .
&#91; Good time to start a business . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but this is not a plan for the monkey , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this will take a little while , so there will be no places in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great apple in Malone is not the one that has to solve everything .
She lives only in this moment .
She doesn &apos;t remember what was , she doesn &apos;t know what was going to be , and she only cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works great .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just another animal species .
You have to remix , celebrate and keep a birth , and all of that in life would be changed in the home .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
In a civilizational society , the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are the other living creature — the Rational Social Program — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what we do best .
Sometimes it &apos;s helpful to take fun and easy things , like having dinner or wandering around in bed or having sex with you .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they agree .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not really comfortable things with a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Ages approach .
This is a freedom activity where you don &apos;t have to go .
When Everybody leads the monkey , the question is , how do you allocate the employees in the blue areas , not in the kind of pleasant place where things are important ?
And it turns out that the payload has an carbon footprint that from top viewing it at the hardest times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Buddha said , &quot; &quot; Absolutely conventional , but let &apos;s go to Google Earth and take an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When I turned four in six months , then — two , and then one — the people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I opened the web and I saw my face snapped into me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts to move away from it , and after a few seconds the whole system is lit up by chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , the Panic Monster is running out of trouble — duck , they &apos;re running out of trouble .
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can take a drink and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains the whole crazy behavior of a painter , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , she can &apos;t write a first letter , and then with the miracle of work , she doesn &apos;t sleep all night long and she writes eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And so I decided to write on the blog a few years ago .
And when I did that , the response struck me .
People were frustrated and written about how delegation affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why are people in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of lighting .
And that longer-term focus is less noticed , less talked about than about laughter , shorter distraction with terms .
It &apos;s often survived in silence and in unity .
It can cause great long-term dissatisfaction and reward .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re rapidly progressing to a particular project .
This long-term polarization has made them into the viewer in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they had achieved their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no caregivers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as ugly as some of us are — ( Laughter ) — and maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t very many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to think about what we actually pay for , because we each have something in our life .
We have to forget the Magna Carta .
That &apos;s the job for all of us .
And because windows are not that much , that &apos;s the kind of work that we should start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Capitol William Spenson , who was convicted recently in the House of Congress for his actions in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , paved the way to the medical emergency room .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the guerrilla , one of the tree drug dealers on the country had just turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing together a brutal war , a brutal war , into his neck .
So I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a profound emotion that governments want to do this .
This is love going on , and I wanted to know , why is it that there are no people around me that I &apos;ve treated like this ?
On the marketplace , we give prizes to people who are willing to donate to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve in the military .
Those better people are more likely to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to give risks to rescuing others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said one thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s what &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather , whether it &apos;s the gas stations , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce our lifespan .
So in addition to social animals , we live together , we work together , what we call a safety net , in a field where we feel a part of it .
And for themselves , a natural reaction was born safely — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
It means that at night , I can rise up and I can believe that some of the cockroaches are safe from the danger .
The modern world is that .
It could be a new technology , it could be a nightmare for your business .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or step out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only thing that changes is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership matters because the tone that makes it leaders .
I flew on a plane one day , and I became an instrumental guide : the passenger was trying to get on the plane before he turned it on the number , and I watched as he was working on the plane treating him like a bar mitzvah , like a crash .
He was scared to try to get a little too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do they treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you deal with us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Well , that &apos;s a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can come to work or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said she was safe .
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we &apos;re forced to consider time and force in order to separate each other , and that fundamentally weakens our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it take to become like that ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their self-belief , the opportunity to try and push back , and to make them more than we could have imagined .
Charlie Kim is the CEO of Next Jump , a tech firm in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , are you considering the opportunity to lead one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
Why do we invite people who work in our companies ?
Once you go to Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released for the wrong things .
That &apos;s why so many people feel so energized and so disappointed to those bankers who are receiving inproportionate distances and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they understood the most important principle of leadership .
They have adopted the burning rules of social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave the 150 million dollar prize to Gandhi ?
Or the 250 million dollar prize for Motor Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will .
Different leaders have no way of teaching them .
They &apos;re called numbers .
They &apos;re worth the number of sacrifices that people have .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company vastly influenced the recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of all his sentences .
In the manufacturing business , that means so much , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force .
We needed to save 10 million dollars , and like most companies today , the government has sat down and asked the question of permission .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s the heart of the workers , and it &apos;s a lot harder to reduce heart numbers .
He decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to leave a four-week vacation .
Theologists could have chosen every four weeks in a row .
He said it was better for all of us to suffer a little bit more than anyone else who got hurt , and in that way , he stole the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few warriors outside the war , and as the warrior was accepted , the governor of the agency charged the last and let the first warrior eat his people , and they don &apos;t have enough food to eat the drivers .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their ears to be safe only for their people , and for their people to benefit , and in doing so , we get a natural response — our people will pray for us .
They &apos;ll give their blood , their sweat and tea to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and they &apos;ll ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your sweat and your skirts behind that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t it an organization that we all want to work for ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is the key to moving from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without any limitations .
Some of my education has been done , as I &apos;ve helped her to work in remote , local community .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , a life of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
During these trips , my grandmother would read the Kiplingo poem , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Surprise it .
Go find the Kalenjin .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has some heart disease .
Part of the issue , I think , I can solve — part of the issue that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with mobility .
You have to live inside your mother .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the swimming blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to end .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a heart attack .
It leaves the present and the genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be hopeless to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Moses was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the field was a green hook .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as our first invention .
In the hearts of children &apos;s hearts , they can be with them .
Religion is about time .
This may not seem impossible for you , but it was the first successful attempt at making the key to this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter is moving a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them makes a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treating our own success , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 86 kilometers high .
And patients need a special device that can treat heart failure .
The Skyil is different in a living patient , because the carbon between arteries is larger .
Most patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
So the research began again .
We come back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with the help of my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Around the years , local women used to tell stories of difficult writing with chairs and unexpected mastery that helped us build a new facility .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we designed a design that was made out of solid materials that recorded shape .
It seems that in this time , hearing allows us to create a device that doesn &apos;t disappear because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can change itself to a complex structure process that took decades to process .
As you can see , it enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s sitting at the right bench and it &apos;s going to make a hole .
We have this beautiful regulation system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As a physician , we fight diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and human aspiration .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the former audience are part of our team , a team , because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to reach forces rapidly and efficiently inspire creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind , not because of payment or access .
So we have to start with a one-by-one model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child is healthy .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s not possible , and we &apos;re spreading it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a small town called Mammoth .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as the weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I was dealing with a couple of friends &apos; wind and we were burning in the sun .
The Sun is very good at winter .
When you burn , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one makes anything you want to put on the skin and they don &apos;t have to bite ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought one . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread to these conditions , and the main reason for these diseases is called trichotomy .
And apparently this infection in the eye is caused by a smallpox in the eye , and some of the infections that are infected can be totally naked .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about it is that you avoid polio eradication , you have to swim faces : you don &apos;t need drugs , vaccines , vaccines .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to mess , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusting phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trusting computer , I didn &apos;t have a trusting Internet cafe for 20 pounds an hour — and
That looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
And then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person in the world who received the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I found nothing more to add — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , and I found DryBath , the first person in the world
You lay on the skin , you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I tried to make a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can bring to the market , and you can bring this product and you can bring it in .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need and what they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the charges he needs , but he crosses one cigarette every day , which is even more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath on a small innovation .
Spend over half and print .
The cool part is that one refrigerator picks up one message after five choices .
When we created this model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We found that even rich parents want to use DriBath in bush . ( Laughter ) Only once a week .
We calculated that in this way , you could save 80 million gallons of water every time you take the fertilizer , you could save two hours a day for kids from the village — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours to feed a normal child .
When we saw this global value , we measured the definition of the basic functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human adventure , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the mall , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring in markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the Limpopo Railway with 50 pounds a week , I think about how we don &apos;t treat people .
Who stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I also picked the best student in the business-class world , the first African to win this award , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like the embarrassment . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in vacation , and then I returned to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve looked at the white coat and I &apos;ve seen patients .
I was struck by two things in the last month .
I asked myself , are we going to meet this decrease in cost , or are we going to miss the patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , there are health issues .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of government .
There are many cost-effective health decisions available to them .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So lowering the freedom of a doctor &apos;s payments can be reduced and reduced .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no wonder that some of my older colleagues are summarized .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it a health care approach .
On the screen , you see behind me what we mean by saying &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment with our money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg in the book .
In this picture , you see my girl surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to look more closely at the quality , and one of the things that really fascinated us most about this research was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find that it &apos;s incredibly good , but the numbers of worse are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can travel to Germany , hearing a good health care system .
If he comes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he will not keep secret at 50 percent , so he should start using secret again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . Fifty percent of the risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If he instead went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of sleeping , or you have a two-year risks .
This is a huge — seven-fold difference .
Looking at a variety of different diseases in the hospital , we can see the difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s meeting and talked about what procedures they were using to operate a hip .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal workshops that you use for someone who needs a new hip .
They all understood that their operating behavior was different .
Everybody argued that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know it , and he admitted it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure the quality , then we know , and we could learn best . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the hip operation ? &quot;
And when they did , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pump in , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
And every year they would gather to say , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would visit each other to learn — an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the world &apos;s greatest results , at least for those who equate and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , decide what &apos;s the best , start the study , share the data , find the best , and learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we think about the effect of price , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least amount of money , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the hip operation , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was done in relation to the United States and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
Most of the quality of the quality of the United States is lower than the average , after OECD .
If the United States Health Organization puts together measurements of quality and weakness in the middle of the OECD , that would save the United States 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the health care budget .
You might say these numbers are incredible , but it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The changing health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do when they consider the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they &apos;re giving their patients is nothing better than what they &apos;re giving them , they &apos;ll do everything they can to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like to know other people .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at work in another hospital , and they discuss why that other hospital receives far better results , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community where we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Now you might say , well , this is not a movement , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the International Monetary Fund .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we need to compute and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : collecting cataracts , debilitating pain , polio eradication , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show you the ribbons of this paper .
This is the first time that we compare data not only to countries inside , but also international space .
In the next year , we &apos;re going to look at eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the disease burden .
Compare those two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinctively to achieve the quality , the important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in our classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing child survival .
We asked , how can we measure the quality of the day ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important improvements ?
We talked about the cost of patients , how much more effective can we treat patients ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the meeting , the top dog stood up .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he cut the finger off , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not only a cost , but also the results that patients see , we can personalize ourselves to hospitals and elsewhere health care systems , not a problem , but part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that the promise of modern medicine , the Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling their grass .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the most surprising findings I &apos;ve been able to share with you , which is what makes companies so successful , how important functions actually are to succeed in starting a company .
I believe that start-up companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people who have the right incentives and put them into a start-up company , you can unlock people &apos;s potential .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why do they cheat so much ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what was most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a metaphor , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made in a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been building stuff for 12 years , when I was in elementary school , I sold a car stop in a gas station when I was in high school , I made solar power plugs when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to revisit who was effectively involved in success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
One , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first think about an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the achievement , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote Mike Tyson at TED , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anyone can blame him . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true in business .
The mastery of the team shows its ability to adapt to the face of the customer .
The patient is real .
And so I began to think that maybe the team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of generating revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it started to rise to the topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world was not ready ?
Have you ever had to teach the world yet ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — have reached a billion dollar success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we were very suspicious of them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to respond to all of these terms , as I thought companies were doing in every direction .
And then I looked at the unintended success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a couple of things : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and the failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Chapter one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company emerged as just in the middle of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Designers were looking for more money , and it was very important .
From our previous successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to bring prosperity .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We started Z.com , it was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of communication was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add some code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the encryption problem solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications crossing is over 50 percent , in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that practice is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope this insight will help you achieve the highest levels of success , and therefore do something wonderful to this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I was expecting a lot of me , and I had a happy start in college , reading , dinner , getting into college laughs .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and scared , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the humility that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started , and I was doing my own thing , I was cutting my own tape , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he stayed for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to a lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , he was nasty , he was even , after a while , a strange friend and a checker , although sometimes I noticed he was expressing my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was hiding , and I was often hiding because I was angry , the voice was getting angry .
A little bit later , a funny conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university doctor what I was saying .
And then I was desperately interested and helpful , so I told him about a strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students in a field of media in university , and during one tough conversation I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I have to go .
From that moment on , I &apos;ve been instilled into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , even worse , I was struck by the awful , awful feeling of hopelessness , gratitude and disappointment about myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but to the symptom , my fear and desire to resist .
And then I was basically aggressive before my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices became controversial and frightening .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a circle of fear , of avoidance , of mistrust , of misunderstanding , and it was a circle in which I felt utterly ashamed , unable to find any target than compliance .
Two years later , my condition was strongly neglected .
I had all this crazy repertoire : lousy voices , absurd hallucinations , strange , unspeakable belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years of hopelessness seems like something was going on , but something was saved .
The elephant had begun beating and bending the person , but the person who was out of the way was a victim , and eventually grew up in a person that I was allowed to become .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to call all the good and old people who fought with me and me , and who were waiting for me to go out of those missing and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , the first step was to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the messages that I had previously believed .
For example , the voices that rose to my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and impossibility in the world , rather than a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what I thought was a real sound check .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge was finally passing my parts , and each one of the fragments had a voice , and after a while I turned all the drugs off and went back to the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of an organization called International Hearing Voices Movement , and it was inspired by Professor Maria Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees the voices as a survival strategy , a health reaction to insane environments , rather than a cure and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to be resolved , and it &apos;s a
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the word Shakespeare into social change , you cannot translate them back .
You can &apos;t satisfy the person who loves you .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five terms , working together to engender a sense of urgency and unity , giving power to people who are adversity for mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially creates a road to unreliable self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique creature that is donated to an intellectual piece of itself to heal itself , and that cognitive ability can leverage that burden .
In this view , societal societies have no greater pride or greater privilege of helping other peoples exist , to be withdrawn , to extend their hand , to share the suffering and to give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be touched , exhausted and taken away .
Light never does .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography originated when I launched my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was a slightly different thing to do with my earlier desire to paint , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important to design .
And when you take a photograph , the process ends when you remove the button .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you stop the button .
Photographs like this : road jobs are underway .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal : to keep reality .
When I say &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to be understood .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about creating a picture that is so real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a floating surface .
It &apos;s not real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a reality chart in which different parts of reality can vary in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three highly imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and I connect the images .
It &apos;s simply a combination of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that makes us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something that looks like this .
So the first rule is : You have to take pictures that are connected in the same way .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two clips are filled with two requirements : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : it doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell the difference where different images start and where they stop . The photo has to be unique .
You couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and among distinct images , by putting the photographic distortion of the space shape , by putting the colors and the noise , we strip the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom half is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for commitment to ideas .
But it doesn &apos;t require much planning .
When I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are from different places .
The spacecraft is photographed in the background .
And yes , I even put the house on the red wall to look smooth .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is design .
It all begins with essence , ideas .
And then we plug in , and we plug in different images .
And here each part is very well-thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at creating the right frames , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the dense office world .
We immediately got a reverb .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It is estimated that the six business owned by two billion dollars in the United States , related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a particularly violent one .
There are more tickets that are worried about the coming next , about the coming out of the documents .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can afford the money offers and not pay the taxes , it &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , some variation .
It matters to all of us .
My organizations at Global Witness are these phenomenal assaults .
The media and political leaders are thinking about how an official space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about it for decades .
I think a lot of the opening world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to do law enforcement , and institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the news in the United States .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who blame slow officials .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , from Germany or from the Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
Privacy in America allows school workers to expand their students , their livelihoods , their investors .
That &apos;s what works for all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what the officer looked like in practice .
It was only missing meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to emphasize that this is not an individual event .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for exclusion of money .
Unfortunately , the United States is reversing .
So , you want the movement of the Panama to give us a glimpse into the openness of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; Business secrecy is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for exchange , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Johannes .
It &apos;s said that your child , well-represented WikiLeaks , in the last few years , has written more secret documents than the entire world writes together .
Could it be ?
Juan Asanga : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the whole world &apos;s print works so simple that a group of activists are able to transmit more information in that way than the entire world &apos;s print combined .
CA : How does everything happen ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you ensure resource conservation ?
JE : Well , you can say that these people are classic inFORM drivers , and there &apos;s no way they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material online , without leaving footprints , while the data is encrypted to countries like Sweden and Belgium , and the law enforcement and the law enforcement .
We get information in an electronic pathway , simple coverage or not , we check it out like a regular news service , we give it a form — which is rarely difficult to do , because language is about the overall transfer of massive amounts of information and our own separation from the unavoidable law and political policies .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact , you almost never know what the source of information is .
JE : That &apos;s right . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we do something about it , it &apos;s as much information as we can get faster .
( Phone clapping ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JE : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was the hidden report of the reviews that the Kenyan administration gave in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , run by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with another related report , they spent about two million pounds .
The government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , who was — and still is — the richest man in Kenya .
This was the dawn of journalism in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information before the election — the National Election on the 28th of December .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to confront a man who was going to be torn apart — Daniel Arp Moi , so this report to President Kibaki became an incredible hero .
CA : So in summary , you could say that the reporting information was moved to Kenya not from the official media , but from the wrong media , and you think it really changed the outcome of choice ?
JE : Yes . This information appeared in The Guardian first page , and then it was published in Kenya &apos;s villages , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published securely , and it could have been published in Kenya .
This news in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and Kenya &apos;s reviews , 10 percent changed its decision-making results and dropped their elections .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this ignorance is not about tougher people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody is open .
I see your element , four Humvees , one after another ...
I got it . All right . Sorry .
Tell me when you see them . Shake them .
Excuse all of them .
First , fire !
( Drum roll ) Hold on . Hold on . ( Drum roll ) Hold on .
The button — Bosmaster D-six , Bosmaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I understood . I see them .
Two , six , we go .
Ups , sorry . What happened here ?
After a while , Kyle . All right , chess . I tagged them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JE : The responses to those who did that were real .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened in this area .
CA : There were 11 people who died in this attack , right ? Two Reuters in the news agency .
JE : Two Reuters employees , two kids playing .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The research on this video has made a global hubris .
What do I think was the main reason for this misery ?
JE : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people saw bad power .
These are people who walk down the street carefully , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill the people who rescue the takers .
There were two journalists out there who were really not miners , but are working their way .
CA : So Bradley Manning was created by an analytician in the United States , and he claimed that he had posted this video to you , and together with 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy Club .
Did he do that ?
JE : We refused to take these cubes .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive his 100,000-pound convulsion and the 50-50 convulsion .
In the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at the U.S. Embassy &apos;s Court , but it &apos;s not necessarily linked .
I mean , in this embassy I was a common visitor .
KS : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JE : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JU : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , let &apos;s say , the Arab government , genuine human rights violations in those states .
Looking at these hidden corners , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JE : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information can be refined .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that is hidden from organizations that are not enough efforts and resources is hidden from the outside , then it &apos;s a good sign , and that allows the hope that you can achieve something good , that the organizations that have that information that they know from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to hide that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk for a single-person or a whole society that information transmission can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JE : It wasn &apos;t in our search results .
I want to say that the policy of immunization is over time .
There were cases where we had information that could be private — that could be personal .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be disclosed , for example , health data , it &apos;s just secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have a foundation to do it .
CA : You &apos;ve got a reason to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the US military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you &apos;re looking for for , you know , unintelligible motives .
It turns out that American wars laughter from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not that . How are you friends ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JE : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their understanding .
They see it every day .
But a video can change the way we think and understand people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to bring light to black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock the mystery of others , you yourself are secretly locked in your information source ?
JE : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have resources that are disproportionate to other sources .
If we did this , it would be a noisy situation , but we do our work in ways that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I would love to know — what we &apos;re hearing right now — what the TED audience says .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and Johann .
Or greatness , which is a heartbeat , which carries light .
Or a dangerous miner .
Who &apos;s the big guy ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JE : Well , brave . You should be .
KS : This is understood by the lions , Julian , understood .
We should be more interested . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You have things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened , right ?
Talk about it .
JE : So that &apos;s our day-to-day activity illustration .
At the end of last year , a few oil spills have happened in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , but not so big .
We had a report — a kind of engineering analysis of events where it was written that conservation workers from some of the other competing , various oil spills exploding building blocks .
That struggle has been engaged and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
There was no explaining information at the top of the engineering report , so it was a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t verify it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what was going on .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is pursuing itself .
So we put a document in the country saying we look at the need skeptically .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it , and this week we got a letter from the community , who wrote a letter to find out what the source of the document is . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Talk specifically .
What &apos;s the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to propose a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , there were the authors of the document .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our methods in which we targeted to identify or examine content , precisely — we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JE : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have come down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested , now we &apos;re redesigning our core systems .
The problem of mass interest is overwhelming .
Like every organization that starts , we &apos;re really excited about our own growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that goes through the cranium itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what &apos;s the closest possibility — is there a lack of job journalists , or is there a lack of news shortage ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are an organization that is rapidly growing , and that is driving the way we treat it , and we have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest security of the national security information , and also the less hidden information .
CA : So to better understand you , let me tell you how you got there .
I read you had to teach 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JE : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JE : What &apos;s the Chinese business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker and pretty young adventurers at the law school .
JE : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I sent a newspaper that I was following while I was a teenager .
So we need to act carefully with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied to multiple activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly caught by a Russian mafia , wanting to hazard your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t really think you &apos;re driving an old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JE : Because of this , I can &apos;t answer .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about it .
This realization was left out of my father and of other intelligent people I &apos;d met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , Brilliant , Brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , do they care about them ?
JE : Yes . You know , I &apos;m a struggling way , so I &apos;m not really able to take care of the crowd , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I can protect the crowds — is to give the perpetrators to justice crimes .
This is a beard that I had for a very long time .
CA : So let me tell you a little bit quickly , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , I joined the bank , and then the media companies were happy to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
That gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JE : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult struggle .
The banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last few years , we published a report .
And the national television station has been used for five minutes before the transmission , and as a movie movie knows about the intimacy , and the readers have been surprised , &quot; Never before . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was shown on the Internet , and in fact in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was this feeling that it was never going to happen again , and the result of this event was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we launched a new set of laws that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom writer , and it was the world &apos;s greatest protecting journalists , a new reward for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were unanimous in the Icelandic language .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , what do I think is going to be — or does the Big Brothers have more grim control , will there be more grim secrecy , or will we observe the Big Bang , or will the process of both directions break ?
JE : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure in order to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to find more transparency — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
Where are we going to go ? It &apos;s hard to predict .
And it &apos;s also an interesting time to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience the premise : Giuliani , be careful , and let &apos;s move you forward .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Just a day .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and artifacts .
I &apos;m going to talk to you today about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I gave a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russia around the world , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but blinding them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the Santa Petersburg bars .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t trust you , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his anger .
He blames his feeling , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like the aggressive Half .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new foundation .
Sometimes I compare the facial feathers and I play with the words : the irony , the Elder Man , comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that make me in Russia .
The interesting thing about the sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and dreaming of going nowhere .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 years old .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the middle of a fight warrior in Mexico , with a wetsuit that &apos;s desperate in his soil .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be fun and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a video game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re reaching more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years solving the Azeroth problems .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more common and more common .
And in fact , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
His work is great . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh commands .
People were crying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Heroot , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the last party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to reach them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , the creation of the network , the stability , the vision and the looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced deep inside what it was worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of nowhere .
As I walked into the table , I saw the tiny little girl , the right eye had to shake .
And then I began to rediscover my worth .
During that time , I was a graduate student , and I was talking to physicians , scientists , and here I am to tell you that the roads to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remain married .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to reach the height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern matching has become equal to governance .
I recently had dinner with a man who had been waiting for four hours before that night .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five smiling , the dinner would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an unfair advice .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at a party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you going to wake up in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may be like , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put a tension , I &apos;m going to get a couple of takers , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before it gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already been buried in too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if my brother Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) Now , while all the brothers would be well-dressed and connected , perhaps the squid would have noticed the ice , because it would have been washed after 7.5 or eight hours of sleep , and you could see the shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the world &apos;s best .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that hide in us , connect the edges and find the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of garbage , for ages , for the same purpose .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long-term , sustainable , scalable forms , the size of rotten buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidates were posted .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from Fulbright to go to India .
With a lot of hope to paint , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I also went to the city of Mahablanca .
The last day it came , but my paintings were not reported ...
I had to do something .
The village was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried the spread of bronze .
But enough to create a large sculpture , it was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the beach to walk , and I watched the beetles move their networks into the languages on the beach .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that unusual way — a new way to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experience of sculpture was to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Drawing Downs . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We filtered the sculpture in camels .
I found her splendor surfaces separating with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Libya and with the dirt materials .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become what I could change ...
Going back to India , we built a network with half a million hand-held crafts , and the culture was built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing a radical design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a permanent city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them comfortable , well-designed , lasting , as opposed to particularly fruit and vegetables .
Two years ago , I was looking for a flower that would hold up ultraviolet raindrops , a friend , a weather , a confusion , and would remain relatively easy to swallow in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the wall in the middle .
So we drilled this 45 thousand pounds .
We had to design it in such a way that it could move with a frog and bind the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was blind and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed boats for the American Board of Defense Reserve , Peter Heppel .
He helped me meet the two challenges — the perfect form and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way because I couldn &apos;t get my hands cut open , I couldn &apos;t keep the uranium back .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial kitchen factory , and I &apos;ve learned about how they can make machines , and how they don &apos;t need the networks .
But there was no language to translate into this unique , ancient ancestor of basic machinery to make this .
So we had to design the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two children were born , we were saving 50,000 square feet — about 15,240 square feet — a rotating network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and there was no authenticity whatsoever .
( Applause ) This area was white and rough .
Now it matters .
Go after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind blow through choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these kinds of iconic cities around the world .
I &apos;m going to describe two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its footprint , I felt , was needed more easily than a web sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water in order to make drought migraines that could be formed by wind , and experimental researchers , and also people who could be able to participate in all of that without disruption .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway track on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban locomotion system .
Another challenge : international culture and ideas , Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of the 35 West Bank and their community in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami driven across the Pacific .
He repurposed the tectonic plate of the Earth , the melting of the planets , and as it unfolded , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which means the microscope that took the Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it as normal using a stainless steel .
The structure was too complex .
So I took a metal armature and I turned it into a tiny , tiny network of materials that were 15 times stronger than a pendulum .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them by looking at the rail .
So we had to do this .
After that , I got a call from New York City ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to design and build skull-like sculptures .
So far , they haven &apos;t funded yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming to bring the sculpture back to many of the world &apos;s cities , where it &apos;s most important .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m combining this with high-tech and engineering to create delightful structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll close with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer , who never thought about art , never touched a local art museum , cut everything he could out of his workshops and made him stuck under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind turbines popping up next to strangers sharing their discoveries ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some capability .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different .
Sorry . Thank you . It was lovely . ( Audience : I don &apos;t know . )
Information in the form of energy is collected at the same time through all of our senses systems , and it creates a multiplicative image of what this current moment looks like , how it vibrates , how it tastes , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m an energy creature , and environmental energy is linked through my right-hand side .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left female — our left female — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is both a metaphor and a metaphor .
Our left-hand corner is full of thoughtful words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
