By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people active on social media .
The only thing all these people are going to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really deep meaning to explore .
And what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of late , blogging earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would come right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an entry .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body eventually resigned from my cancer , that my family and friends would subscribe this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this website into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , the archive of Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more carefully coordinated than most people , but in fact , all of us
Think about statistics for a moment .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million tomatoes are delivered every day .
And the average consumer of Facebook makes 90 different content parts every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is take a few pictures and images of their homes , or a grandmother who lives right now in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think this will create some incredibly intriguing possibilities for technology .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a story about what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few of the services that are created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortably , found me after I logged into one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifire.e. till it &apos;s still gone .
( Laughter ) AO : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The other one is called 1,000 Remembrance .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , videos and stories that they can publish when you die .
But what happens after that , I think is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of films in his home .
I think while machines can understand human language and process huge amounts of data , analyzing someone &apos;s entire life &apos;s content is going to be possible — TVs , images , video , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating for so many people .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital identity can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to do it meaningfully on content .
We can already see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Twist &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the outcomes can be very serious .
But you can imagine something like this over the course of 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Fast-forward , MIT &apos;s media lab is working to control robots that communicate more like humans .
But what if these robots could communicate with the unique characteristics of a particular person , with the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their lifetime ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN directly translated W.I. among them — hip hop is a holographic holographic in his study specifically interviewing Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same grasp for our loved ones to transfer to our websites — connecting in a very similar way as in life , according to the entire content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to extend them exponentially .
To conclude , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to require for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have taken over a career to care for the elderly , to raise their children , to pursue personal interest or personal health reasons .
And all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , pensioners , returning to work , or returning to the home of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and reporter .
When people see a miracle in their lives , they describe a big risk in their lives , and the people who are doing a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they haven &apos;t worked for a long time .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
A successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in the U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses returning to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career break , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
It &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California who returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest crossing I &apos;ve ever known in my career .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O didn &apos;t work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the temptation of &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; to the people who tried to return to the present , but struggled .
Tracy said there was a mother of five who loved being in the home , but after her graduation , she had to go back to work , and she really wanted to get back to work , because she believed she was going to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel that we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for financial resources or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously examining companies online and running for jobs without any oversight results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if anything could change .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public and look for a job and tell everyone else that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a soldier who &apos;s going to finally get through the job . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you a discovery that I made when I tried to get back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
The way people look at you is in a tight time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , people you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self over time has shrunk what happens to most of us , as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my microbus a day after day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great delusion of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully about my career &apos;s crossing .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get the business news .
My area is funding , and I &apos;ve been doing the news very carefully when I was at home growing up with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the empowerment of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have fewer mutual or mutual transactions .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our workforce .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to employees , there are two concerns that employees have as a reporter .
First of all , employees feel like they &apos;re disconnected from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically challenged , that &apos;s just the state of the art .
I &apos;d been doing financial analysis for so long that I used &quot; Lotus one to two to three . &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anybody else remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the reformers , the workers expect them to work by having the most basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility to follow .
And they fall .
The second workplace they worry about is they don &apos;t worry about restar people don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to reformers that they need to work very well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
This is the reporter responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started noticing something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of short-term payment , whether you call it surprise , or not , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a general reintegration program .
I saw the return engineer , the IMF , the IMF , run the initial de-level software in the war , and then have a permanent job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating into the Middle Ages of education .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s a published article in the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Forty Years Out . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage surgeon between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegrating agenda for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go to perpetual positions get a competitive comparison .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate reintegration programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Engineering Council .
Why are companies choosing to reintegrate ?
Because institutions allow employees to develop real-world examples of work , rather than talking , and employees don &apos;t have to make the decision for permanent employment until the event is over .
This testing period removes the risks that leaders take for granted by recommendations , and they attract great candidates who become great gardeners .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans were coming back to work on their reintegration program .
And there is no barrier to being able to be a retirement age program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened to Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell everyone that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the work of the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time of work .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would happen to something else , but they couldn &apos;t make any money .
It was April 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes from her home .
And although she had a second job suggestion to another company to work in a permanent positioning , she decided to try this out and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her persistent job at the beginning of 2012 , but made him more interesting and more complicated because he knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was on the air .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Tracy &apos;s work was an attempt , just as a surprise , and it ended up in the vicinity of Tracy and its work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroken or established business type that doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first success story , and you can be the example of coming to other reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I now work in the solar industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to take a serious look at the environment .
They use crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
It can take some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The answer is yes .
And then , if you do that , if you do that , you can make a discovery .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be clear , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of ownership .
And we also put the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they open up , not connect to anything ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a dance artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao , and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sit Pong . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by this weird technique of my lap that always asked me to do something for him , like I would be the extension of his body : turn on the lights or bring out glass water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I grew older , his mind grew more powerful , and I began to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the unit was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was his way of using a mobile phone .
He would lift the pile and expect me to have a number .
So , as the answer and the gift of my unit , I made &quot; &quot; Sit the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
Just like my uncle uses the mobile phone that one person makes .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine for him that he could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a dish , print his email and instruction , and remove the paper .
This device automatically sends out a message to the person , via the device .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my unit works just with mechanical interface .
And , of course , the object had to be particularly assertive and caught up with ritual valves , like my uncle and likes .
The next piece is a sound-called sound-called &quot; &quot; Pigs . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
This is how it works : we lay down walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And when it &apos;s all around the curve , they sort of flow out in the air .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they detach .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheeks behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
As soon as the surroundings become silent , they seem to come out of the closet .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become defensive to the sound of their violations .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the first plan sound , and you &apos;ll hear this .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So each cheap is individual behavior , psychology , gender , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we did a great job later .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility to break down this idea of invisibility .
How could you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of camera surveillance system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a clip of a movie that I made that I couldn &apos;t see .
Sir goes into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking it and removing it .
This is a very early video , and it won &apos;t solve the traffic jams and so on , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was sliced into space , and then we put the monitors on each wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person was always invisible , as the group moved in the room .
And here &apos;s a work called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s drawing weight of oil or sunlight .
From the outward , this object looked very strong and robust , and in between it was very weak .
So the people who were going into the room wouldn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something that wasn &apos;t there .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was dozing off the wall .
Until finally , he would get tired and scream .
( Laughter ) This work is turned into a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , full of hard thoughts that it would sort of be immersed into a shell , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It &apos;s floating around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , and the boundary would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there are no cords or flies .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People enter the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slowly , in a few minutes , like you get through the pain , you get a speed , and it looks like I &apos;m running around .
And that &apos;s an important point , because that &apos;s how we wanted to encourage the attention instincts to run for him , save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because at the end of the day , he &apos;s going to change himself again .
This was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , just like most of our work , to combine the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify his moment of criticism , because if we had built it so that he would turn around , he would have been devastated , but if he hadn &apos;t done enough , he wouldn &apos;t have a sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip where we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
He &apos;s getting sick now , so he &apos;s running out of support .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself is changing .
This is a work that &apos;s particularly intrigued to us , and we &apos;ve been working on aesthetics of steel , full of different jewelry displays that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this , we developed a shape of the spacecraft surrounded by a mosquito shape , covered in a canyon .
Our idea was to throw something as hot , as remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a pendulum , so close and intimate .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were longing to look at this shape as a butterfly , and you start to think of it as a hole in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last work that &apos;s still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small amount , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach , enjoy you , growing into a two-dimensional and eight-legged object .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with people around you — like trying to protect mystery or something .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if it &apos;s only in our minds that some creative process is trying to find out how this creature wants to exist , what shape it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , connectivity , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this is happening all of our lives .
I am convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to go into history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be reminded as a generation , linked to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly , truly global .
But yes , the truth is , online , there are problems , very serious problems , security and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — 13 inches of disk is infected with Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector . And if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the hell . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of Pakistani origins .
In fact , there are also phone numbers and addresses in Pakistan .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abbutbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s a street or a street next to this building , which is an address of 730 Nizam Block in Allah Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we have a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I felt a little bit of a pleasure about understanding that both Basit and Amjad computers were also infected with hundreds of times over viruses , completely unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I left here a system that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually build some devices . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of the screen , there &apos;s a hundred-year-old laptop , and it happens when you &apos;re infected with this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you one with sound .
( Sirens ) And last example , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you get stuck , the men will walk behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t have minds and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here is our system , which we use in our labor , which we follow in the complicated viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our data systems again on the Internet , we can see in real time and get an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found in failure called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It would be grouped as — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts where these guys are buying fixed computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can buy Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can buy these laptops — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these men get infected with computers ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the three bankers who will save money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
&quot; &quot; The bloggers &quot; &quot; quietly slip into your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you type in is protected and sent to criminals .
Every single one of you has an email address that is protected and sent to criminals .
The same is true for every single one of your blinders and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you go online and you buy them at any online marketplace .
Because when you buy in an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can go online and you can buy with that information whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a vast underground market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these men actually work out of their surgeries , and let &apos;s go and look at the pages of INTERPOL and look for the people who are looking for them .
We will find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his crime partner , who has also joined the INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal transgender surgery , where they robbed millions .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. officials gave the Swiss bank account that belonged to Mr. Jain and that bank account had 14.9 million dollars in America .
So online crimes generate a lot of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are selling programs , selling test scores , testing their code , and they have relative systems with SQL databases .
And they can afford to watch themselves as we work — how people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go out and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when the site is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get through the road .
They go from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no way of supporting lawyers globally when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who have never been able to get us there can now .
So , are we online searching for cybercriminals ?
How can we actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one infected file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old coding failure where it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture file on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the file of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was set up by the 97 XOR function .
You just have to trust me , he was really encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually excavate it .
Well , the yellow line now is set up .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you &apos;ll be able to see an Internet address : onononionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep tossing the code forward , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is there , under all description , as if there &apos;s one .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I helped him .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have several rats in our labor camp , and one of them has reminded us that the head is red like Russia .
78 is the Code for the city of Sanskrit Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking for the interaction in Sanskrit Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian man who &apos;s been online for a couple of years , and he &apos;s got his personal Facebook page and he &apos;s been leading his blog to the popular distribution of Live Journal .
And on this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and more than 400 pounds of armor .
Well , this is a pretty good vehicle for a two-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually made it to the air .
In the center of Petersburgh , he got in the other car .
And he put up photos of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the accident , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were to , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online crashes are coming down ?
Well , often it doesn &apos;t go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attacks are .
And even if we find online crashes , there &apos;s often no result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot tame them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty fast .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they infected .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical control block .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet infects one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on , about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farmer , any chemical plant , any food production plant , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very addicted to the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way of doing things even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about continuity , replicating cartoons , about things that are really important .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement , looking for online harassment groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s a real assembly of people who are attacking people , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but we need to give them the opportunity to use their talents for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , and I was in college , and a friend of mine and I were on our way from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling around the country parks and national forests — almost the longest road that we could possibly take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see next to my road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally dismisses her facial simulation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , these are all the signs that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just starting to look at me for a few moments , and then she &apos;s going to laugh because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the symbols around us and how we do things when that happens , and what can we say about the human nature of all of that ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we &apos;re failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is flawed — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my trustworthiness here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this abstract misconception of mistakeness flowing through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that makes me wrong .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re going to have time for dinner with the family ; we go to the elections and we vote in the present time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a society .
So what I want to do today is to first talk about why we are stressed out in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you can do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative curve that you can do .
So why do we insist on this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re lying .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting next to me : What feeling — emotionally — how feeling wrong ?
Period . Period flows down .
Not bad . OK , perfect , good .
I mean , it goes down , I don &apos;t love — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s answers to a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be confused , it can be dematerious , it can actually be funny , like my stupid mistake for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , he can &apos;t feel anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a hopeless socket , always running and never catching the bird ?
In nearly every movie in this movie , there was a moment when the leg hits the bird and the bird hits the butt , and that &apos;s fine , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is that the leg is running after it &apos;s gone .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that it &apos;s also perfectly fine for legs .
He just keeps running — to the very moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cusp .
So , in fact , I should tell you what I said right before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it false blindness .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to tell us that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that for a moment to primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is reclaiming passwords , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , that &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , what you &apos;ve learned is that , first of all , those people who do the right job are flexible , accountable bureaucrats — and second , that in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons by doing well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — talk about it simply as idealistic as the little 10 , the perfect , the makeshift .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the possibilities that we were doing something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means doing something wrong with us .
So we just keep thinking we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel smart , responsible , willing and secure .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is the Harvard Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and is implanted in the operating room .
It &apos;s painted , the surgeons are doing their work — they &apos;re huddled together , and they &apos;re sending her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She gets to the end , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right-hand side .
When the president of the Health Services of Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , a surgeon simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So these stories are the stories that overwhelmingly believe that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like 757 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
Which means that you think your beliefs just fine mirrors reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who disagree with you ?
So it turns out that most of us humans actually explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we tend to do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we generally share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is that they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite clever , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it out for their own purposes .
So this is disaster .
This commitment to our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we need it universally and causes us to behave terribly with each other .
But what makes me sad and sad most is that it transcends to being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine that our minds are the windows that are revealed , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The trick is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky that night and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And yes , that &apos;s also why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Ductor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Saint Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Play , I &apos;m called . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something that we can eliminate or eliminate .
It &apos;s absolutely core to who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
In my view , this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and so forth .
Last year , for several reasons , I closed myself to listening to a lot of public radio , &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the smartest person for errors .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had a chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , this is true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we joke that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that mysterious theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it &apos;s going to happen in one and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make sure these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , mishints and unexpected ends .
Our stories love to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one thing will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought he would kill Iraq , find many weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his entire life until he was too old and he was too sick and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school loved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I wrote an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible reminder of our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know why we need all these innovation and advancements ?
Because half the things that were most worrying to think about and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that well , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
Now , these topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times over , are fantastic new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the vastness and the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , folks . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan hotel and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the leader of Jewish life .
Fortunately , those plans were injected by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the center of global trade .
Nosair was finally destroyed by its participation in criminalization .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I say that when people cooperate with each other , to realize that we actually want the same things in life don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he gave me his paper and explained to me that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last vortex of my hot dog pointed to a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and particularly to me , the target pointed out .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aww . &quot; &quot; What father , too , was a son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny to them .
They thought I saw the same wish that my father had .
These people ended up stagnating 650 kilograms of food and leaving lower levels of stagnation , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which produced a bomb , killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I admire .
People I call amum , which is the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I used to extend my experiences .
I was raised to give people criteria , like racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiments that really influenced my mind was in the 2000 presidential election .
My group was focused on the poverty of my youth because I was a proud member of my life , and it was especially sensitive to me .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
And one day after the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s death , and honestly , I felt embarrassed to be able to go through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The other major step in opening was to be taken away when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens factory park .
And there I was showing all the people of all belief and culture , and this experience was central to educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
I was given the opportunity to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other pains , and it seems to me immoral with good people , not the way I would like to behave with me .
And that made me feel that I could compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be homosexual , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Day Change . &quot; &quot; The next thing Jon Stewart challenged me to be honest with myself about my fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I desperately needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and the realization that comedian Judge has had a greater impact on me than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the reading of my world , and she said what I &apos;m going to hold next to my heart while I &apos;m alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a fixed man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort I needed to keep myself aware of myself .
Zack Ebraham is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and maybe put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , that although I was brought to this cruel , un-tolerant ideology , I was not fatalistic .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the windows of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that the terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these crazy acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that poverty is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of my toenails , I realized I had no toes .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early scream in Europe in the morning , and I needed my friend and my suitcase .
When I got tired , I found a big stone and pulled out a corridor window , cut out glass ceiling , crammed it inside , found a bunch of cardboard , and with the stick moving , I threw a hole in it , thinking that morning , getting up to the airport , I could call the master to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a spine attacker in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings are going to be like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartilage that accelerates heart failure , it changes adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only at the travel record that I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took the summit , flew back to the air , dreamed it , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so I got on the plane by the toilet , into a seat that doesn &apos;t return in eight hours in the fall .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours that would go wrong .
( Laughter ) So I began to wonder , can you do anything , set up systems that protect you from these bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my mind didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and as I was embarrassed to speak about my blank window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was described a few years ago by a psychologist called the pre-modern lack study .
You all know what failure is .
When a team of experts fails , they come in and try to figure out what happened .
So what I want to talk about today is a couple of things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Remove space to the things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , the area of the tree where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which is increasing the taxi drivers in London .
That &apos;s the part that enables the vets to find their covers .
And if you think about it , someone actually tried where they smelled the smell of perfume , and they kept finding shirts .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using , by the way , the machinery of the brain to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so good for moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the doors of the machine , or the windows of reading and so forth .
So put your place in your house — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative spiral .
For the world , there are certain desks .
The desks are a specific table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , pass your license , send yourself a license to be in the cloud .
If these things are trapped or injured , you will find them much easier to recover .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , it &apos;s a cartoon .
Cortisol is boring , it makes it hard to think .
So part of the preparedness for recent misconception is to realize that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , so we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than when you have to make medical decisions .
And someday we &apos;ll all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about how to treat your family or your neighbor or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , even to financial or social decisions — any decision which overestimate the rational facts .
So you go to the doctor and she says , &quot; What I just got out of the lab and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know somebody who uses them .
That &apos;s the number we need to save .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take the drug or get the surgery or the other treatment to make sure that they &apos;re treated .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s guilt , if anything is for that and for that , it &apos;s a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlin estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers need to be kept to the most published building , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to get one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that they take for years , while they &apos;re having a heart attack , or insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another author , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the externalities of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : the next pain of muscle and neck pain , the next pain of the rose and the next pain — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take the drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people are taking the drug . One is improving , five percent of those 300 are undergoing cardiovascular effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely that a drug will change you than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk , or not .
Now you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually a fairly typical number .
Mostly , surgery , for men over 50 years , replacing the prostate for cancer , required to survive is 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done while we &apos;re alone .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of patients .
Between their impotence , their erection crashes , their secrecy decline , regular decline , lack of measure .
And if you &apos;re lucky , and you &apos;re one of those people who demonstrates it , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that all of a sudden .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life to be able to bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the hostility of an event , but at least you will have tried that .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of these things flows through its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to be necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that comes out of the window as stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re all wrong .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is that we would think early on , what unfortunate it might be , that we would have a way to do things like reduce green or reduce the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montana , when I returned from my trip , I asked the manager to set up a coding board next to my door , with a click of the front doors , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a crack of postcards that I didn &apos;t paint and a crack of letters that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a modular process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union undercover a large part of the object in an unlivable space .
They expected to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history into space .
The rocket was a giant rocket .
With the same background , there &apos;s a silver bullet , two radio waves .
In October of 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Columbia had the pleasure of finding new lands .
We now have the luck to discover space .
And this is the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the Sputnik event , Sputnik set up the whole thing .
A human being made by the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made respect and the delight that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our enemy in science and technology , and that they can now put us on a water bomb by using Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest American violations , and it was related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the airbag .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s a space game .
For Congress , they &apos;ve gone up rapidly in the last year , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was a lot more than gun production .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national Social Security Program , where tens of millions of people in 78 cities were under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of American deaths .
Sputnik has made remarkable changes , though .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and in education , poverty grew dramatically .
Wynn Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how a free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very disappointing to the things that Americans generally do .
Sputnik will be released very quickly .
To conclude , I &apos;d like to take a break and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third round is less visible .
Does it all fit ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : scratches , rocks , boxes , eyes .
We all know these simple everyday objects .
They were often told that they would be shifted to the battlefield .
These things were discovered in mass grasslands in my home country , and even when we were speaking to experts , it would reinvent the bodies of mass grasslands , 20 years after the war took place .
And it looks like these are the largest potatoes ever discovered .
During the fourth major conflict , the drought of Bosnia in the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , displaced and killed , and 100,000 more were killed in cardiovascular operations .
The International Special Rights Act has evoked a few cases of violence against humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ownership , their cultural heritage , and , in the end , the same idea that they had ever existed , was denial .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring people &apos;s identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect criminalization .
There will always be cases of dead people that are more comfortable than their bodies or our easily burned memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since then , when they find things that the mothers carry with them to an executive site , are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserve .
Thousands of left-handed plastic bags are packed in white , just like you see CSI .
These things are used as a tool for detecting victims , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the violent offices of war .
The rest of the life is asked to find out who these things belonged to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are destroyed or just removed by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object that was broken in order to create a visual archive that could easily survive .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people a little bit more .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , impatient and accurate reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these things guarantee that we &apos;ll understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the expert of justice , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the documents can be .
One day , all the individuals will recognize , they will only survive inside their grave and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was approaching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I set out to photograph every month .
I would never have expected that event .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give away a lot of happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that are underway .
Because we &apos;re still trying to implement these projects , we &apos;re mostly working on intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiments that we &apos;re trying to do each of these works .
The first project is called the Gift Color .
The viewer kind of gets into the room and immediately calls up these blobs immediately stretched onto the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer sees it , it seems to panic and stop in a grim symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s a sketch of two selves .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And it reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Composition of the Milky Way .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest format is A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all of a sudden get to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the shepherd boy becomes a sort of defensive observer in the space , and they become , again , a shepherd and a javelin while they feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop at their position .
( Laughter ) So it seems like the viewer is creating a sort of permanent feeling between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite that the boxes themselves are so tightly holding the rules for them to make , that they seem to apply the rules of thorium to the viewer .
Which brings me to a more recent , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a piece of paper applied to a remote wall , but you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s an A4 shape , or a leaf of paper that &apos;s followed by both sides of a pair of hands , which has been jettisoned with infinite attention and attention from a tiny fraction of a medium .
The audience also seems to see that this whole sculpture moves very , very slowly , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without spending a long time doing it , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability in motion is very reminiscent of the instability of camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video is subverting about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and placed the motion on the ceiling .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to simplify the gesture of the puppet , as if behind this big paper page is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of chickens you have to do this task and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
Another job is Masali .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two arms , and a very high arm — a head , and his only goal is to attract his attention .
So as the viewer walks slowly , he sort of leans from one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer and closer as the person gets closer .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of you in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of Maslow .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of distance , with our own reflection .
And so this is a particularly dangerous creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that make us care , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; The Supper . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a custom sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of an audience the size of a person sitting on a stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this big , and the audience sort of circles the whole field of view .
The auditorium has 996 little shapes on it .
They learn to mechanically expand by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand , how long and how long they want to be run around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a multiplication of claims or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience react again .
It could be anything from a few weak applause from an audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical grasp as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and various types of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience that they &apos;re going to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency .
It also has seduction and flexibility .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the head of the image sharing in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two hemispheres of the brain all come together to make sense of the ambiguity and the sense of anticipation .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get the 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Tower .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is a window in our study , and you can see it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same words in the window to create our own dress or a network that sits in a room and can be seen from both sides .
This is a network of small figures .
It &apos;s also made up of three different sizes , like you would take a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each one of these shapes can travel and discover , first on the road , and hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters the musical and the knee grass of the group , as if the squid had physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re frozen and have no care , as if they &apos;re restless and satisfied , as long as they &apos;re feeling the movement from view to hidden behind the nearest wall .
So this project is a very opposite to us .
These figures are kind of embedded in this very grid network , which is kind of prisoners , but it &apos;s also robust because it allows them to survive for jobs and nails and awkward things that are going on in the outside world .
So all of these true lifestyle habits that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very lucky to collaborate with Curicho ETH on building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions from our multiplication and created a movement that connected head movement and movement simultaneously .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it bounces into my throat .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , in the first week , you do enough that later on in difficult days , you expect everything to be done , except for the frame . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that this kind of work was uncomfortable with my regime of work .
It &apos;s a big project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to turn the circles up and down the end — I &apos;m going to turn the highest ranch , like a helicopter below the helicopter .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
That &apos;s pretty cool , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and not one word still , and the only thing that came out of it was that I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , taped not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked up the city of students , slowly assimilated as a book , and I predicted before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad thing , a very bad thing . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all think , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a blogger .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would scan my brain and indeed untested my brain so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
And what does that mean for the paycheck ?
It means that everything is fine as it happens here .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the monkey does , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read the whole thing on Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there will be no room for any serious work in the workforce .
The left monkey is not the one that has to solve everything .
It &apos;s only at this moment .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works really well .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , there &apos;s only one other kind of animal .
You have to remix , you have to remember , and you have to remix and you have to remain born , and you &apos;ve changed everything in your home .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are other creatures — the Rational Social Program — that allow us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like drinking or sleeping in bed , or enjoying full-time pounds .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they would agree .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things with a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Ages Base .
This is a freedom activity where you don &apos;t have to go .
When everyone leads the monkey , the question is , how do the caregivers generally end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of cool place where important things happen ?
It turns out that a coal miner has an angel coal mining , and he looks at it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only monkey fear .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to come and work now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s put Google Earth together , and let &apos;s bring India &apos;s image to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When I turned four for six months , then two , and then one , the TED people decided to give the speakers .
I opened the web and I saw my face , and I looked at my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts moving away from the brain , and after a few seconds , the whole system is buried by chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , the Panic Monster is missing her — by the way , she &apos;s missing !
And finally , the Rational Prime Minister can take a steak , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
A monster like Monstry explains the whole behavior of a crazy assembly line , like something like me can &apos;t write a first speech in two weeks , and then , with a miraculous job interface , he does not sleep up all night and write eight pages .
This is a situation with three characters , a delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People got frustrated and wrote about how procrastination affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get so wrong ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term focus is less about notice , less about it than about funny , shorter timing with terms .
It &apos;s mostly silent and alone .
It can create huge long-term displeasure and refrigeration .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re rapidly progressing to a particular project .
This perpetual procrastination made them into their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my view , there are no non-readers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as immortal as some of us — ( Laughter ) — and maybe you &apos;re normal with terms , but remember , the monkey is slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out that there aren &apos;t many of them , especially knowing that we already used the bread .
I think we need to take a serious look at this calendar .
We have to think about what we actually pay for , because every one of us in life is picking up something .
We have to remember the Magna Carta .
This is the work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work that we should start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Capiton William Senison , who was recently voted for the Congress memorial for his role in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with vengeance , paved the way for medical evacuation rates .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the devil , one of the tree drug depots on the country had been turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this case .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing a colossal warrior to his neck .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a profound emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s a stunning love , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that do this ?
On the vertical axis , we give rewards to people who are willing to donate to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve to the military .
Those better people are more likely to benefit from others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting a few people that we would call heroes , who were chosen to give risks to rescuing others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do this for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is complex because it &apos;s sensations , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather , whether it &apos;s the weather , whether it &apos;s the weather , or whether it &apos;s the length , all these forces are working to reduce the waste of our lives .
So we become social animals , and we live together , and we work together in what we call the safety net , in the middle where we feel like we are part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
That means that at night , I can lie down and believe that something out of balance is safe .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or step out of business , but the small attempts at least to get your plans going and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only change is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone that leads the tone .
I was on an airplane one day , and I became an instrumental guide : the journey was trying to get to the airplane before he turned it on the number , and I was observing how he was working on the utility bill with him as a adult , as a criminal .
He was charged with trying to get a little bit too early .
So I sweated .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , a word to say .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can get into trouble or not run out of work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She told me
Don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better employees there .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we &apos;re forced to consider time and force in order to survive each other , and that fundamentally destroys our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it mean to be that way ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to build their faith on themselves , their ability to attempt and ignore , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech firm in New York City , so this person tells you , when you have problems in your family , are you considering the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we invite people who work in our companies ?
Once you go to Next Jump , you will never be released because of the wrong things .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and so uncomfortable with the managers of banks who receive inproportionate grades and awards .
It &apos;s not about numbers .
The point is that they have compromised the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve obtained driven social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the 150 million dollars prize to Gandhi ?
Or the 250 million dollar prize for Mothers Teresa ?
Would we fight it ? Of course not , none of us will .
Different leaders have no way of teaching them .
It &apos;s about numbers .
They were worth the number of victims per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , had a major recession , and in the night she lost 30 percent of all her sentences .
In a large manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep the workforce .
They had to save 10 million dollars , and like most modern companies , the government had to ask the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob believes not the number of workers .
It &apos;s the heart of the workers , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce the heart rate .
It was determined to run a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to leave behind for four weeks of untrained leave .
They could have chosen any time , not necessarily all four weeks in a row .
He said it was better for everyone to suffer after a while than for someone to cheat , and in this way , he stole the moral of employees .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be driving these people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about several warriors , former warriors , and as the warriors were adopted , the chief officer was eating the last and let the chief eat his people first , and they didn &apos;t need to eat the chief &apos;s food .
And when they returned to the field , one of his people brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they worry that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They will give their blood , their sweat and their shame to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why would you put your blood and your sweat and your shirt on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t this an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technology , if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who survived in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without any limitations .
Part of my education has been about how I helped her do her work in remote , rural communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these journeys , my grandmother gave me an article called Kiplingo : &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Surprise it .
Go find the Kalenjin .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please go and wait for you . Come on . &quot; &quot; And the following year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has some heart disease .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problem I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with tension .
The wolves must survive inside the mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the bone .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to stop .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen shortage is also one of the reasons .
As you can see in the diagram , this number of holes is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disease , it looks like they &apos;re naturally trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Moscow was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the field was a green shock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that glass as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
Religion is flawed .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create the key to this huge problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to build and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment successfully with us , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 1,000 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the top of the patient is different because the range between the arteries is higher .
Most patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Again , research began .
We came back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
For years , local women told the stories of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us build a new machine .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we built a design that was made out of solid materials that recorded shape .
It seems that in this moment , hearing allows us to create a rotting device that doesn &apos;t hurt because it &apos;s just made of one part .
It can transform itself into a process of complex structure that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s sitting in the right place and it &apos;s making a hole .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they can .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful for both medicine and human beings .
We &apos;re very excited that some of our former patients are part of our team , a team , because of intimacy with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to reach forces rapidly and motivate creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left free , not because of payment or access .
So we have to start with a single model .
We &apos;re going to give one device to make sure that every child is treated .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , and we will spread it out , really : No child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Mammoth .
The supply of water and electricity was as unpredictable as air , and growing up in these difficult conditions when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the winter and we grew up in the sun .
The Sun burns well in the winter .
When we got irritated , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is poisoning anything you can put on your skin and you shouldn &apos;t wash it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread by conditions like this , and the main reason for these diseases is called trichotomy .
It &apos;s detectable in the eyes when the eye is contagious , and some of the infections that are contagious can totally blow up .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that preventing severe infections should swim the face : no drugs , no pill , no pill .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even though I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my reliable phone , Nokia 6234 — I had no reliable computer than the reliability of the Internet , you know , just as much as I used the Internet coffee hour — I did on Google
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone , by the way , I &apos;m the youngest person on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t Think ! &quot; &quot; ) — I found nothing more to add — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , which is &quot; &quot; secure battle &quot; &quot; for the first time in the
You touch the skin , you don &apos;t need to touch it .
( Laughter ) So I tried to manufacture the product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had a practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in the markets , and you can bring this product and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They buy whenever they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the replacement cycles , he buys one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started switching DryBath on a small innovation .
Go through half and print .
The cool part is that one replacement builds up one savings for five characters .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath as well . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you could save 80 million pounds of water every time you spend your childhood , and you also save two hours a day for kids from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for work , two hours for a day , two hours for a child .
When we saw this global benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product that were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor , the vital importance of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on Limpopo , with 50 pounds of money per week , I &apos;ve tried not to hurt people .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google has learned through this process is Google has chosen me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also picked the best student in the business world , the first African to win this award , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and then I returned to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve turned around the white coat and I &apos;ve seen real patients .
And two things struck me about this last month .
And I asked myself , would you put this together in your spending , or will we not forget patients ?
Many countries that you stand for , and where I come from , have health care problems .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get committed , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in a certain sense , are central to governance .
As many of the cost-effective solutions in health care are accessible to them .
You take an expensive laboratory test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the doctors &apos; costs , you can reduce costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors will tell us that they don &apos;t have the full freedom to choose what they think is the best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no wonder that some of my older colleagues are nuts .
At BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of came back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s state and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it health care .
What you see behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patient treatment with money spent .
This was a beautiful description in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you can see my famous undercover of three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to pay a lot more attention to quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good , but the numbers of bad are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making a healthy healthcare system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment , he &apos;s not going to keep secret for 50 percent , so he should start using the fireworks again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a clinic in Martin-Clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
This is a huge — seven times different .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in the hospital , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of surgeons from Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s meeting and talked about what procedures they were using to run a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal detail clubs that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operating behavior was different .
Everybody argued that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one really knew it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we know and we can learn best . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of a club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement in the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pump in , it actually serves a lot longer , and most patients never need a second surgery .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been collecting data every year .
A few years ago , they set out to say , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unbelievable improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , decide who is the best , start the research , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you look at the price performance , and if you look at the price performance , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have had the lowest performance at the same time , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery a couple of years ago , where a study was done compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the rate of quality is lower than the average , according to OECD .
If the health care system in the United States would agree on measuring the quality and asserting its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year to the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health benefits .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The next health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have a different property .
They like to recognize others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at work in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets far better and better , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of continuous improvement that we see in this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can monitor and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
You &apos;ll say it &apos;s a traffic jam , but it &apos;s not a traffic jam , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients to talk about , illness after illness , which is really qualitative , what we need to calculate and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working for the last four years : cataracts , cold pain , poaching artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show each one of these jobs .
This is the first time that we compare data not only to countries inside , but also international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years from now .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the disease burden .
Compare two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director whose vision is : &quot; I want my control instinctively for quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , talking about childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about the cost of patients , or can we treat patients more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the meeting , the top of the chart stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everyone , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; The value of health care is not only costly , but also the outcomes that patients see , we can transform the patient into hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start translating , and I think that the advocate of modern medicine , the Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling their grass .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that make companies successful , what are the things that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put together a group of people with the right incentives and you put them into a start-up company , you can unlock the potential of the people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the startup companies are so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a methodological approach , avoid some of my feelings , and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been building businesses since I was 12 years old when I sold a license plate on a bus stop when I was in high school , I made solar power plugs when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see which were the most effective for the success of the company and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps a team , an adaptation , was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a Buckminster Mike Tyson at TED , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true in business .
The mastery of teams most show their ability to adapt to the face of their client .
The client is real reality .
And so I began to think that maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of a client ?
And that began to dawn on my mind that maybe it was the most powerful influence for success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get very large funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea spread too early , and the world unprepared for it ?
Are we going to start , but should we learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
The first is that these CEOs , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoGoo , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the bottom of five companies , Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to highlight all of these definitions , as it seemed to me , how businesses followed every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few worlds : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the things that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company appeared just at the height of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own decisions to move their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for more money , and it was very important .
In the early days , our success , Citysearch , appeared when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for creative ways to attract traction .
We thought it was a great idea , but actually time was more important .
And then some of us fail .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of communication was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add code in your browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of coding solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased by over 50 percent in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , it &apos;s really important to do that .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope this insight will help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I had a happy start in college , reading , having dinner , getting into student laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and scared , and I was terrified of other people , the future , the failure and the loneliness I felt inside .
I got out of the seminar when it all started , and I was thinking to myself , I was going to cover my shirt , just like hundreds of times before , when I heard a voice that said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The voice came .
And he stayed for days and weeks , commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to the bank . &quot;
He was neutral , he was calm , and even after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I kept falling , and I kept hiding because I was angry at the time .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation going on , that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told the doctors of my university .
And then I was hopelessly interested and helpful , so I told him about some strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television station with students who were broadcasting knowledge in college , and during one interaction I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
From that moment on , I was hooked into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , even worse , I was struck by this nagging , awkward feeling of hopelessness , admiration and shame for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but to the symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broke .
And then I was basically aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices were contradictory and dangerous .
Can you see that glass water ?
There was a wave of fear , of avoidance , of mistrust , of misunderstanding , and it was a battle in which I felt helpless , unable to find targets than commitment .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had all these crazy repertoire : speaking voices , crazy hallucinations , strange , unspeakable belief .
Now , in remembering those ugly , unfortunate years , it seems like somebody had died , but something else was saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by the person , but the person who delivered all of this was a bypass , and eventually grew up in a person that I was allowed to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been traumatized by me and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who have helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to give up all the good and generous people who fought with me and with me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing and alone .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , it was essential first step to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I had believed before .
For example , the voices that were threatened to kill my house , I learned how to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what I thought was a real voice box .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic shirt , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Steregic .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each piece had a voice , and after a while I turned all the drugs down and I went back to the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Marie Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher &apos;s work , and she sees the voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to crazy environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to suffer , and it
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
When you paraphrase Chekhov &apos;s words , with social change , you cannot reverse them .
You cannot deny the person who is saving you .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster a sense of urgency and loneliness to empower people who are poor in mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unreliable self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , given the institutional part to heal itself , and intellectual ability to utilize that capacity .
In this regard , there is no greater honor or or privilege for the opportunity to help other people through their education , to be the curators and to raise their hands sharing the pain and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside of us can never be touched , exhausted and taken away .
Light never gets out .
As one wonderful physician once said to me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography was when I got my first digital camera on when I was five years old .
It was obsessed with my early passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a photograph , the process ends when you remove the magnet .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something else , something where the process starts when you stop the maggots .
Images like this : road jobs are going on in the middle of nowhere .
But there is also a mistake .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
By saying &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photography .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection in order to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about glorification that makes it so real ?
Does it have anything to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , in which different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that would exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a distortion of different realities .
So what makes photography real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that makes us in our daily lives .
But when you mix up pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photography just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting them , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that you have to get these pictures taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two images have both required to be photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule is that you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be private .
You couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors and contrasts and light on boxes and separate images , by adding photographs deficits like a field , by installing colors and silence , we jettison the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had to design for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , fish were photographed in a fish .
The roots are from different places .
The bottom is photographed in the bottom of the stone floor .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is design .
It always starts with an idea , an idea .
Then we fit together , and we fit together .
And here , each part is very well-designed , planned .
If you can get the right images , the result can be quite beautiful and pretty .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama exploded the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Immediately , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Russia , Prison and his childhood friend , seen as a violent officer .
There are more recent stories out there that are worried about the recovery of a document .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
No to us , no ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money offshore and don &apos;t pay taxes , it leaves less slow to the essential public services like health care , education , policy .
It matters to all of us .
My organization , Global Witness , is this open default of phenomenals .
The media and political leaders are wondering how public space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is kind of glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to do law enforcement , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , don &apos;t really understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not kill the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who blame slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , Delaware , Germany or the state of Nevada , we would see more Americans interacting .
It &apos;s a privilege in America that allows senior workers to expand their students , their cheaters , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was just an excessive meeting , no lawyers accepted it as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to emphasize that this is not an individual event .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for exclusion from taxes .
Unfortunately , the United States comes back .
So what we &apos;d like to do is take a look at the world of the office , and turn it into openness in the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see it as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians need to embrace this issue and commitment to change law .
Together , we can end the mystery that creates cash prevention , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Johannes .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the last few years , is going to be making more secret documents than the entire world &apos;s print combined .
Could that be ?
JE : Well , could it be ?
The real concern is that the whole world &apos;s print works so bad that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does everything happen ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you secure source security ?
JS : Now , you might say that these people are classic secret information consumers , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving tracks , while information enters countries like Sweden and Belgium , legitimate and get legal protection .
We get information from electronic shuttles , simple lights , or no , we check it out like a regular news service , we give it a form — which is rarely a difficult thing to do , because it comes to the public of massive amounts of information , and our own separation from the inevitable legal and policy .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : It &apos;s true . We know in very rare cases , and if we do learn about it at some stage , it &apos;s hard to get as much information as possible .
( Phone chirping ) Yes .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JE : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret delegation that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was about 18 under Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study and they put together one more report , released about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it to force a political pressure against Mi , who was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press corps .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we got the election , the national election of the group 28 .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to tackle the man he was going to kill — Daniel or Moi — and so this report to President Kibaki became an incredible hero .
CA : So in summary , you could say that the accountability of reporting had been leaked to Kenya not from the official media but from the wrong media , you think it really changed the outcome of elections ?
JE : Yes . This is the information that appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was published in Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , the Kenyan press released this .
This knowledge on Chinese television was broadcast 20 Westerners and , in fact , the assessment of Kenya , 10 percent changed its preference and turned it into a zero-sum game .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not for the tougher people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody is upset .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Good .
Tell me when you see them . Fear .
Excuse them all .
Go ahead , fire !
( Cheers ) Shake . Shake . ( Cheers ) Shake .
A candle — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move , it &apos;s time .
Okay , we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see them .
Two hundred , two and six , go .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , Ha , ha . I built them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JE : The response to those who did it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened in this area .
CA : 11 people died in this attack , right ? According to the two New Reuters Agency workers .
JE : Two Reuters employees , two children dying .
18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a global announcement .
What do I think was the main reason for not enjoying it ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk down the street , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter Caliber archive , looking for disgust to suffer and kill the people who rescue the killing .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities but are working their way .
CA : So Bradley Manning was taken by an analytician in the United States , claiming that he had posted this video to you , and together with 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JE : We refused to accept these cubes .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a assault from 150,000 kilograms and to search for 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavík , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a common visitor in this embassy .
CA : If you had received a thousand cups from an ambassador in the United States .
JE : We would have tested them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the ruling of Arab states , the real damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden frames , this is what you see .
CA : So let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to publish secret information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be transmitted .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that institutions cannot conceive of efforts and resources hidden in the outside , then that &apos;s a good sign , that lets hope that you can achieve something good , that organizations that present that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have lots of jobs to keep that information secure .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what the story of journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for a single person or a whole society , that information proliferation can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JE : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I mean , we &apos;re considering poor immunization policies .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could be customized .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , like healthcare data , it &apos;s a secret , but our sources that provide information actually have a foundation to do it .
CA : You &apos;ve got a reason to do that .
And what you would say , for instance , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you wanted to find for those uncertain motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from people who die .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people worldwide that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t like that . How are you guys ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JE : Yeah , we hear a lot of these things .
But remember , Baghdad , people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their understanding .
They see it every day .
But video can change the mindset and understanding of the people who learn it all , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to bring light to black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t it ironic that when you try to unlock another mystery , you yourself are secretly locked in your information ?
JE : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be displaced in any other source .
If that were the case , we &apos;d have a bad situation , but we &apos;re doing our work in a way that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : So I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what we &apos;re hearing now — what the thought of TED audience is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or greed , which is the height of tenderness , which carries light .
Or a dangerous misfit .
Who keeps it big ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JE : Well , brave . You should be .
CA : So here &apos;s the lions , John , understandable .
We should give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Talk about it .
JS : So this is an illustration of what we do , what we do every day .
Last year , at the end of the month , a few oil spills occurred in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , not at this big scale .
We got a report — a particular event engineering analysis that was written that conservation workers from some competitors , all sorts of oil spills , sprayed the buildings on the ground .
That struggle has been engaged , and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
There was no explaining information at the top of the engineering report , so it was a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the paper pretty skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil companies are trying to achieve their goals .
So we put a document up in the country saying we should look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just test it . And this week , we got a letter from the community that said , &quot; &quot; We want to find out what the source of the documents is . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Talk specifically .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to publish a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they showed the authors of the document .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identify or to monitor the content , specifically to these men writing letters to us .
CA : Have you been given information from BP employees ?
JE : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs .
That &apos;s why our publishing numbers have dropped in the last few months , because we &apos;ve got a lot of interest now to redesign our core systems .
The problem of attention shifts .
Like every organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we &apos;re getting a huge amount of information that goes on and on , which is the cranial itself , but it &apos;s not enough for us to process and check that information .
CA : And what is the closest possibility — is there a lack of job journalists , or is there a lack of money for slow journalists ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it &apos;s affecting the way we use materials , and we have to reconstruct that we have people who can work with the highest security data on national security , and so on and so forth , less secrecy .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
I read you had to teach 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in the cinema business and then secreted from the following , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get sick .
JA : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young to go to law enforcement .
JE : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist quite young .
I was leaving a newspaper that I was following as a teenager .
So you have to do carefully with a hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by the Russian mafia , trying to correct your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving an old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we set them up for us , maybe tell us about the event that made them choose ?
JE : Because of the event , I can &apos;t answer .
But the fundamental values are that intelligent , generous people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight remained from my father and from other intelligent people that I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , Brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , do they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m a fighter , so I &apos;m not going to be able to take care of the raw material , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the lawsuits , and that &apos;s to give the judges the criminals the right crimes .
This is a limb that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , along with the bank , and then the news officers were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : It &apos;s an extraordinary story .
Iceland has survived the financial crisis .
Every country was struggling .
The banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we released a report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes before the transmission , and as in the movie , the news has heard about friendship , and the readers have been surprised , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , like a television broadcast was shown by our website , and at the very marvelous stage in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was an emotion in the society that this would never happen again , and the result of this event was that with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we forced a new change of law enforcement that would enable Iceland to become a kind of official freedom writer , and it would be the world &apos;s greatest preserve of journalists , a new prize for free
Iceland is Northern because , like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were the same as the Icelandic parliament .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even be more violent , there will be more secrecy , or will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JE : I &apos;m not sure why we &apos;re going to succeed .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right to freedom of speech , to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
Which way are we going to go ? It &apos;s hard to figure out .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience a little bit about this : Jellanchuan , be careful , and push you forward .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good afternoon .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I &apos;m going to confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , composition , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Romantic .
I took this picture , and I presented a new , contemporary meaning , talking about me in Russia around the world , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he pretends to dance and he carries a violent marriage by wanting not to be separated from classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personalities .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars at Santa Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you , &quot; &quot; quoting Half of the movie , but I never saw his angry .
He blames his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Huck .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : the ironic , the Iron Man , the balancing person .
( Laughter ) Through artifacts , I bring up social questions that bring me to Russia .
The interesting thing about marriage in Russia is that most of the girls , 18 , 19 years old , are ready and dreaming of going nowhere .
We teach from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 years old .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly and I have no hope of escaping .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the bowl of the battlefield in Mexico , with a wetsuit , with a wetsuit that &apos;s desolate in his name .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the games world , we &apos;re getting more .
While together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And it &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more communal and more conservative .
And in fact , the consequence is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
His work is great . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts more like a game .
Before we had awesome Play-Doh connotations .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We built this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story and an adventure that continues .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , creating a network , sustainability , vision and resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , and it can open up millions of big ideas that are behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in action . This is a room full of women .
Nonsense women .
I &apos;ve experienced my loved ones what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got bored .
I hit the table , I broke the giraffe , and the right eye had to buckle .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was graduating from college with physicians , with scientists , and here I am to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , men &apos;s insignificance has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treated for four hours before that night .
And I wanted to say — I didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were sleeping five , the dinner would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet in the middle of the morning and say , &quot; &quot; Is that really bad for you ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; Well , I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss the trend , I &apos;m going to miss some call , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because leadership is the ability to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it seems to me that if the brothers of Lehman were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would be walking a bathtub very flexible and connected , perhaps the sister would have noticed the glacier because it would have been seven or eight hours in bed and could have seen the overall image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what is good for us personally , what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency to our lives , what is best for our careers is the best for the world .
So I encourage you to explore and find great ideas that hide us , unlock the walls and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about having a very serious review .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a feedback network , using ages for the same purpose .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long-term , ambitious forms , the size of small buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture or engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidate was dismissed .
I started training myself , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings to me , I sent the paintings off the boat and made it to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day it came , but my paintings didn &apos;t come out ...
I had to do something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast augmentation .
But to create enough sculpture , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the edge of the cliff , and I noticed worms moving their nets into languages on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that incredible way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and hard materials .
My first enjoyable sculpture was actually co-founded with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Floating Gumps . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her glittering surfaces , divided with every death in the wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach classical studies , and I worked with amateurs , later on in Lithuania , and slowed down .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become something that you could relate to .
Going back to India , we built a network with four and a half million hands of crap , and the culture was cut in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a crazy design in Porto , in Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a lasting piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-designed , lasting , as opposed to particularly glamorous and short .
For two years , I was looking for a fiber which would support ultraviolet spindles , tusks , weather , congestion , and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the wall in the middle .
So we exhausted this 4,000-pound peanut butter .
We had to design it so that we could go crazy with the wind and keep the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could simulate anything that was blind and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers designing the mouths of the mouths of the smugglers of America , Peter Heppel .
He gave me a double challenge — to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building the same way , because my hands couldn &apos;t keep the lights off .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with industrial ag network , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language to translate that particular ancestor of smallpox into a traditional machine operator to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two children were born , we were breathing 50,000 square feet — about 15,240 square feet — a rotated network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and undiscovered by no authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and fast .
Now it matters .
We went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind blow through the wind creating a choreography , and I felt like I had a dialogue and discovered the same thing with the sky .
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these skyscrapers for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its walking , I felt , was needed to make it easier than a web material for sculpture .
So we experimented with fragmented little bits of water to create a dry milk that could be formed by wind , and attempts to explain , and also people who could be able to participate in it without destroying it .
I use this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , like the x-ray of the movement system in the city .
Another challenge : international culture and ideas , Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of the 35 West Bank and their cooperation in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
He altered the tectonic plates of the Earth , accelerated the expansion of the planet , and nevertheless , reduced Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds within days of the Earth .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using pennies .
The structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny little network of materials that would be 15 times stronger than a deck .
This sculpture was already totally intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complicated network forms and model them , looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York City ; I was asked if I could use my artwork for Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to design and build skulls that look like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t financed yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers back to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re needed the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of creation , the form of visible .
Today , I &apos;m bringing this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive , scalable buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
A friend of mine called me to the city of Phoenix .
A lawyer who never thought about art , never enough local art museums , blew up everything he could , from his workplace , and forced himself to fit under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the floor , there were wind turbines , strangers next to strangers sharing a surprise discovery ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you , thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I &apos;m not sure . )
Information patterns of energy are collected at the same time through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a multiplicative image of what this garden looks like , how it vibrates , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m the essence of energy , the environmental energy , fueled by my right-hand side .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left female — our left female — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is rotating in plain English .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
