Good morning !
Are you people everywhere ?
They took my name to the Tiger , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on the Tiger in Arabic ?
No ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
Once upon a time , just before a decade ago , I was sitting in a restaurant with my friends in the restaurant and eating .
So I asked myself , do you have a free food in Arabic ?
He looked at me strangely , he thought he must be wrong .
He said , &quot; &quot; Sirens ? ( In English ) &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; In Arabic , for Muslim . &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t understand what you &apos;re saying ? &quot; &quot; &quot; I understand . &quot;
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! They call it &quot; &quot; Minor , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; Miner . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word correct ?
&quot; &quot; Come on , come on , solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; Abed said .
He was talking to me about three people , as his wife said to me , &quot; If this girl was the last girl in the world , I don &apos;t see her . &quot;
What does &quot; &quot; meen &quot; &quot; mean in Arabic ?
A young boy delivered two words to a girl in exactly the same way .
How can they talk like this ?
I started to think about it .
I got angry about it .
Sure enough .
What is it about me that &apos;s worth spreading in my country ?
Where does that happen ?
How do we get there ?
Now when we &apos;re here , there are many people like me , who are walking up to the end of their lives , who are otherwise defending every single thing that &apos;s going on in their lives , just because they love it so much and so much .
Should I embrace my whole culture , my thoughts , my mind and my spirit ?
It may be that we have the most important battles in the history of children .
Do they all want to send me something that I learned in Arabic ?
To make them like this ?
How does that make sense ?
Despite all that , I tried to understand it .
I didn &apos;t want to make that choice as spiritual as I did for me .
The Arabic language does not require the demands of today .
It &apos;s not a language of science , or research , or language that we use in uniforms , the language that we use everywhere we work in the language that we publish when we work on a curriculum of research , and it &apos;s certainly not a language that we use once the data is heard .
If we do that , they will cover our heads .
So where can I explain this ? We can all ask this question !
So , you want us to use Arabic . So where do we go from here ?
It &apos;s a fact .
But another more important fact is what we should think about .
The Arab mother tongue .
Research says that in order to get the skills in other languages , you need to translate into your mother tongue .
In other languages , the teacher of the mother tongue is the primary source of creative expression .
How ?
The Gabriel cell type , when he first started writing , had exploited Arabic .
All of their thoughts , imagination and philosophy were influenced by this little girl in a circle where she grew up , felt a particular joy , felt a particular voice , and thought about a particular idea .
When they started writing in English , they had enough materials .
Until when they wrote in English , when you open their texts in English , you feel gratitude , you feel the same sense .
You can imagine that this is also their teaching in English , this little girl who lives in the village next to the Beijing Hall .
So , here &apos;s an example that nobody can do .
The second is , it often says that if you want to kill a nation , the only way to kill a nation is to kill a language .
This is a fact that emerging societies are facing .
Germany , France , Japan and China are in all directions .
That &apos;s why they legislate to protect their tongue .
They make it sacred .
That &apos;s why they use it in resources , they spend a lot of money on dissemination and consumption .
Do we know better ?
Okay , we &apos;re not from the developing world , this growing mindset is not yet reaching us , and we want to get to this developing world .
They were countries that were like us at one time , but they decided to try to grow , study , and move to countries , such as currency , employees , and so on , they spoke their language as if they were chasing girls — as Heroes would protect them .
They brought it closer together .
Because if you take Turkey or whom you make , and you don &apos;t write on it in a marketplace , it &apos;s not local manufacturing .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
And they will be included in these canopies , untouched , as we are more time .
So to create new inventions and new approaches , they needed to maintain their language .
If I say , &quot; &quot; Pain , altruism , freedom , &quot; &quot; what does that remind you ?
What would you understand ?
It doesn &apos;t matter who , how , how .
Languages are not just about talking , but words are just about our own sake .
Language is a sign of a particular set of steps in our lives , and the words that are constrained by our emotions .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Self-consciousness , self-determination , freedom , &quot; &quot; each and every one of you will create a special location in your brain . There are special emotions for a particular day in a particular history .
Language is not the name of merging one or two or three words .
It &apos;s an internal idea that depends on our thinking , and how we view each other and how we view each other .
What is our minds ?
How would you understand it or not ?
So if I say , &quot; &quot; Freedom , sovereignty , independence , &quot; &quot; or if your daughter comes to you and says , &quot; Dad , do you have lived through the period of the Freedom ? &quot;
How would you feel ?
If you don &apos;t see a problem , then I better go and spend a lot of time inspecting .
The thing is , it reminds us of a particular thing .
I &apos;m a French speaker friend of mine who was a French speaker .
I was asking him for a while .
He said , &quot; &quot; Everything is fine , but once , I tried to introduce his wife and translate it one night to try and translate what it means to be &quot; &quot; immigrant . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Women typically called it &quot; &quot; immigration , &quot; &quot; and then several hours later I tried to understand it .
He wondered , how could somebody be so obvious ?
Do they want to self-assemble ?
&apos;Bury me . &apos; ( English ) ( Time and time ) This is one of a few examples .
It made us feel that she didn &apos;t understand the word for her husband , because she can &apos;t understand , and she &apos;s right ; she &apos;s a different way of thinking about her .
He said to me , &quot; &quot; He , he says to me , and one evening , I tried to translate for him to feel what I felt when I heard February . &quot; &quot; Bert women tried to translate it : &quot; &quot; I held their hand up and why you held it . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And he said , &quot; &quot; Because you &apos;re me , I put my hand up and I let you go . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter
He translates . He shows me .
( Applause ) So what did we do to stop the Arabic language ?
We changed it into a way of thinking about society , and we started a process of protecting Arabs .
While many people told me , &quot; &quot; Why are you struggling ?
Whatever the hell &apos;s heavy , let &apos;s move on . &quot; &quot; No problem !
The Arabic language protagonist received a message , which is , &quot; I talk to you from the east , but you respond to the West . &quot;
We didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; No ! We don &apos;t accept it . You speak in this language . &quot; &quot; We didn &apos;t do this because , like , we don &apos;t understand them .
And if anyone says to me , I hate speaking in Arabic .
We say — ( Applause ) We want to change our situation , and we want to be confident in the way that our dreams , our dreams and our daily lives .
It &apos;s the way the letter looks and the way we think about it .
So it says , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m talking to you from the East , but you &apos;re answering the West . &quot; &quot; That &apos;s the right sign .
It &apos;s very easy but expensive and efficient .
After that , we started another mirror with the landscape of the letters on the Earth .
You &apos;ve seen an example outside of it , a landscape in which the letters of the black and the yellow set are sitting in the rooms with the translation , &quot; Kill the language . &quot;
Why ? Don &apos;t actually kill your tongue .
We really should not kill our language .
If we killed our language , then we would have to find a common ground for ourselves .
We have to find a reality for ourselves .
We have to go back to the beginning .
And it &apos;s a great opportunity to play games , innovations and religions .
Later on , we found boys and girls in Arabic script .
&quot; &quot; Cole &quot; &quot; photos of boys and girls .
We are so cool .
And if someone says , &quot; &quot; Huh ! You used an English word ! &quot; &quot; I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; No ! I &apos;ve read the word &quot; &quot; choll &quot; &quot; in there . &quot; &quot; They want to admit that two , but I have to admit that word that is good and that is true .
I &apos;m not going to say &quot; &quot; the Internet , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to go around the corner of the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Because it &apos;s not funny ! We shouldn &apos;t be saving ourselves .
But to get to that point , we all need to be told that we &apos;re not going to allow anyone to grow up , or that we &apos;re going to have to decide that in language , we &apos;re going to get to pressure , or we &apos;re going to engage our patients and think .
Our idea is to create .
So , if we can &apos;t reach the skin or we can &apos;t refine the skin , we can then be creative .
At this point , every single one of you is a creative project .
You have a way to create in mother tongue .
Let &apos;s start today .
They write a novel or make a short film .
Only once again can we find ourselves on a global level .
He can repeat the Arabic language on the front page .
Well , it &apos;s not true that there &apos;s no solution ; there &apos;s a solution .
But we have to know it , and we have to be confident that the solution is there , that we have to be part of the solution .
So what can you do today ?
Who here is Twitter ?
For Judaism , I urge you , even though my time is gone , or Arabic , English , France or Chinese .
But data , English letters , do not write Arabic .
( Applause ) It &apos;s simple ! It &apos;s no language .
You &apos;ll enter a virtual world with a linguistic language .
It &apos;s not easy to get back from there .
That &apos;s the first thing we can do .
Secondly , we can do a lot more .
We &apos;re not here today to talk to each other .
We &apos;re here to enjoy the urgency of the language .
Now I &apos;ll tell you a secret .
A child , for the first time , uses his father &apos;s language .
When my daughter was born , I wouldn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s your father , huh . &quot; &quot; I wouldn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; This is your age , honey , and I forced my daughter to come out of the market , if she says to me , &quot; &quot; Thank you . &quot; &quot; So I said , &quot; &quot; Dis , thank you , Mom . &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
And you wouldn &apos;t expect anyone to hear it . ( Applause ) You &apos;ve got to get away with this culture of press . ( Applause )
I &apos;m telling you Latin English to remind us that it &apos;s the foremost reminder that our presence is not a secret at all , that the negatives that make my people dumb , even when you saw my generation not stopping us from noticing us , that the generation of inequality was so bad that it wasn &apos;t until they stopped us from noticing our generation until they were known to identify the
( Applause )
My favorite is the pickle number .
In college , my primary attempt was to grow up , which meant that I had to write down multiple notes .
Now a normal person when they write something , something like this happens .
You know , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you &apos;ll do the job quickly , but in the first week , you do a lot of work and more of it later , everything &apos;s done , except it &apos;s okay . ( Laughter )
And I want to do that too .
That &apos;s my approach .
All of my responses will be ready , but actually the text function will go on , and then I &apos;ll do something like this .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happens with every text function .
And then again , there &apos;s a whole new paper published , a paper which you do in a year .
And I knew I had no option for this kind of common approach .
It was a huge task .
I set up a plan , I decided I would do something like this .
Something like this will happen this year .
I &apos;m going to start with the small stuff , the middle months , the pace of the labor will go up , and eventually I &apos;m going to zoom in on it more like a puzzle .
How hard could it be to grow older ?
No big deal , right ?
And then a funny thing happened .
How many months ago ?
It will come and go , and I cannot do more .
So we rebuilt a major project .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then they would also go home , and I didn &apos;t write anything , and we had some .
And two weeks went by , two weeks went by , two weeks went by .
And then I went one day and I spent three days in the DRC , and I still didn &apos;t write a word , and then I did what I could do in 72 hours , I put 90 pages , I went on two streets , I didn &apos;t have to go on two streets — I had to leave the people in the first room , I spent a lot of time in the basement , and I left it all .
I thought , this is it .
A week later , I got a call and she was from school .
And they said , &quot; &quot; Do you become Tom &apos;s ? &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Yes . &quot; &quot; We want to talk to the grandmother . &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; And they said , &quot; Look , from today , it &apos;s great . &quot;
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) I didn &apos;t believe it . ( Laughter )
He was very angry . ( Laughter )
I wanted to be excited about this moment , when all of you were thinking , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
No , no , they &apos;re very good .
Well , today I &apos;m blogging .
I write blogs , but why ?
A few years ago , I started writing about the system .
My reading always hurts people , and I wanted to tell six people what &apos;s going on in the brain of the people and why we are .
Now my hypothesis is is that the brain makes differences between the six people .
To find out how I found a lymph node where I could find both brains of the same way and the left brain , so I could compare them .
And I &apos;m actually here to show you .
I want you to look away and tell me , there &apos;s a difference .
I know if you &apos;re not a trained teacher , that &apos;s not a big deal , but consider it .
So this is a human brain .
( Laughter ) Now ...
This is my brain .
( Laughter ) That &apos;s the difference .
Both of these brains have decisive decisions , but the stereotypical brain contains fun .
Now what does this mean for a singer ?
That means , everything &apos;s fine until it &apos;s gone .
&#91; Workforce is the best time . &#93; &#91; Yes ! &#93; The smart human decision will make a decision to make sense of something , but the creator doesn &apos;t like this project , so he heals up the curtain , and he says , &quot; &quot; Please write a page on the chocolate page &quot; &quot; Tennis and Steven Hadfield , because I know it &apos;s just happened .
( Laughter ) So — ( Laughter ) And then we &apos;ll get to the bottom , and see , in 10 minutes , something new happened ?
After that , you &apos;ll see on YouTube that starts talking about the rhythm of the trade , and much later on you &apos;ll be able to watch the Internet for the moms of Tony Baby .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s going to take a while , so it &apos;s not going to take any time to do something today .
How about controversy ! ( Cheers ) Now , what &apos;s happening here ?
Now this is not the kind of fun you want to say .
It just wants to be in the present moment .
It doesn &apos;t have any sense of the future ; it &apos;s just two things : compassion and enthusiasm .
In the animal world , that &apos;s all well .
If you can and you spend your entire life going forward and easily , you &apos;re pretty successful .
( Laughter ) And to make , there &apos;s a generation of human animals .
Great food , good thinking , and increasing generation , maybe that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .
But if you haven &apos;t been paying attention , the payload isn &apos;t too far .
We are an increasingly educated species , and we don &apos;t know .
So there &apos;s another person in our brain , a decision-maker , who makes us do something that no other animal can do .
We can think about the future .
We &apos;re moving away .
We make big plans .
And he &apos;s thinking about all these things .
And all we want to do is to create what we enjoy when we do .
Sometimes it seems just as simple and emotionally friendly as eating , thinking or being friendly with opportunity .
So there &apos;s a catch .
Sometimes it happens .
And sometimes it seems more appropriate to do what &apos;s difficult for a big purpose .
And here &apos;s the kicker .
And for strangers , this contradiction always leads to an end , which spends a lot of time in the short term , a simple and mysterious way that reasons from the outside .
I call it a weird place .
( Laughter ) Dark field is the place where strangers are best known .
This is where employment is at the moment where employment shouldn &apos;t be a guide .
In the dark matter that brings you the further you are , it &apos;s not really because it &apos;s not the right thing to do , the space feeling , the fear , the anxiety , and the feeling of loss — it &apos;s all the characteristics that are in good shape .
The question is , in this case , when birth control comes down , how do the system get into the balcony , which is less happy but more important ?
It turns out that systems are also providing protection , which is keeping people safe all the time in their early days — someone mentioned the household chores .
( Laughter ) Now it &apos;s a house that &apos;s mostly sweeping , but when David lines closer , it becomes very well-off , or at the time when people are at risk of embarrassment , employment or scary outcomes .
And the important thing is that the building is just like that .
Now I had this connection with my life , because six months ago , people at TED connected me and invited me to TED .
( Laughter ) Of course I did .
I had my dream at TED .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) But between my anger and my anger , something else was happening in the brain of conscious decision-making .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; Did you understand anything ?
Do we know what happens one day in the future ?
We need to start working on it now . The inventor said , &quot; &quot; Here I am . &quot; &quot; But why don &apos;t you Google and look at the Indian map at the lower 2,000 feet , we &apos;ll just go home until we see South India , and we &apos;ll feel great about India . ( Laughter ) So that day we did . ( Laughter )
Six months later , two and a month later , people at TED decided to call the barricades .
I broke the web and it was my picture of me holding home .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) The house that was clogged , and within seconds the system was clogged . ( Laughter )
And remember — he &apos;s scared of the house , he &apos;s walking around on the tree !
And finally , and finally , the religious decision maker sent me the job and I could start talking .
Now , the homework assignment that every category tells you to pay for , like me , someone like me would give twice a week , and the beginning of the assignment is not going to be able to write , and then incredibly successfully puts an unbelievable set of assignments to go up for hours and write a piece .
And the three-digit of clearance in this case — the system of the Sistine people .
That &apos;s pretty good , so it &apos;s not easy for anyone to do .
And a few years ago , I decided to write a blog about it .
When I wrote this , it struck me about the impact on this .
In fact , I &apos;ve got thousands of miles of access from around the world and from people , from all kinds of backgrounds .
They included narrators , bankers , engineers , penetrators and CDs .
( Laughter ) And almost all of them were saying and writing , &quot; I &apos;m also concerned about this . &quot;
What was surprising to me was the number of emails and the number of Emily &apos;s deaths .
In the textbook of these people , Mike was lying in the textbook of how much SOLEs spent in his life , about what he did .
I thought about it , and I said , okay , if the system is right , what happens next ?
Why are all of these people in the dark ?
It turns out that there are two orders of magnitude .
Today I gave examples , talking about subjects , all of these data lines .
And when David is lying , recent effects are killed because the house is coming .
But there &apos;s another category of the Sun , and it &apos;s not about any data line .
So if you want a project that starts itself like some arts or businesses — sort of like an arts or businesses , until you don &apos;t start paying attention to accelerating , taking action .
There are also many things besides career work that don &apos;t work with data , like interacting with your family , learning , thinking about your health , thinking about your relationships , telling your relationships better , telling your relationships that you don &apos;t care about .
Now if the only way to get a job is to get a house that &apos;s difficult , because all of the data that &apos;s built in the context of the losses home .
There &apos;s nothing to do with it , and the latest implications are that you can &apos;t take them , they &apos;re always with your dad .
And this is a type of typical leather that comes from very little to see and much less is said about less than about average leather , disturbing topical leather .
You &apos;re making headlines out of noise and bad news .
And this can become the currency of the Taliban and the after .
So I thought that was the reason they had an email , and that &apos;s why they &apos;re in the street .
They &apos;re not designed for anyone .
The Taliban death system has opened their eyes , sometimes in their lives .
The anxiety is not that they cannot afford to pay for their dreams , but that is that they cannot afford to cooperate .
I read all email and one thing came out — I think six people don &apos;t exist .
I think all of you are .
It may not be a very complicated condition . Some of us , ( Applause ) And perhaps some of you in this room have good relationships with the digital link , but the tricks to remember when there &apos;s no digital link .
Now I want to leave you with one last thought .
I call it the lifespans .
Every block means a week , it &apos;s a new year .
These aren &apos;t a lot of boxes , especially when some of them are expensive .
I think we all need to get around the candle .
We need to think about what we &apos;re doing in jobs , because in every single life , no one is getting sick .
We need to be honest with compassion .
We all need it .
And we don &apos;t have a single house there , maybe we should start right now .
Maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
It &apos;s skin .
Thank you .
( Applause )
One hundred days of U.S. and Afghanistan , an accent of eight days of the U.S. and Afghanistan was stumbling across a region of Afghanistan , traveling from one region of Afghanistan to helping to provide an office for the Afghan government to help provide a foundation for the Afghan government to help provide a foundation for the Afghan government to help provide a foundation for the Afghan government to help provide
He came in at the time of an attack , and he lived around three , and with all kinds of things , he watched as a kid growing up , he watched Cape Town syndrome grow up , he watched as a kid grow up to save the victims and take away the dead .
One of the people who know his children , one of the surgeons , and one of the Russian princes , he was raising towards a hero cap , and he was raising towards a Hilly Catholic device .
What it showed is that the cross-section of Cape Town and Iowa actually understands this mysterious facial melting of ice cream .
They put it into helium capter and then you see what happens when the captain sits on the Soviets and starts typing them before they can save others .
I looked at it and asked myself , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? These are very frustrating feelings when you want to do something like this .
There &apos;s a love here , and I knew why I work with people that aren &apos;t .
You know , in the morning , people who want to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of others .
In business , we blame people who are desperate to hurt others so that we can benefit .
We have an electric account !
So I asked myself , where do these people come from ?
And my initial result was that these were better people .
That &apos;s why they go to the forest .
The better people look at the imagery of service , the better people look at the imagery of service .
But this is completely wrong .
I &apos;ve learned that this is an environment , and if you have a dominant environment , each and every one of us has the ability to work together , then each and every one of us has the ability to work together and build on it and build on it that we have the capacity to do this in others .
I &apos;m glad to share some of those with you today , and we will say yesterday , I have the privilege of bringing with some of these people , and we will say yesterday that they have brought you and their knowledge to saving others , and I asked Yemen , why can you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said one thing , &quot; Because they do it to me too . &quot;
It &apos;s a sense of trust and collaboration .
So trust and collaboration are not important .
The hard thing to think about trust and collaboration is that these are emotions , not victims .
It &apos;s not possible for you to say , &quot; &quot; Stop me . &quot; &quot; And you do .
It may not be that I give two people the chance to collaborate and they do this .
It doesn &apos;t work that way . It &apos;s an emotion .
So where does this excitement come from ?
If you go back 50,000 years ago to paper , which is the beginning of the very beginning of the Homo sapiens , what we see is that the world is faced with dangers , all of these rights are very hard to do for us .
There &apos;s nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s a lack of resources , a lack of fluid dynamics , all of this stuff , working together to reduce our lifespan in life , all of this stuff together and work to reduce our lifespan .
And so we &apos;re ready in the form of social animals where we stand together and work together as part of what I call an emotional part , like in a neighborhood where we felt our own personal connection .
And when we felt secure in ourselves , we were compassionate and collaborative .
It has continuous benefits .
It means that I can sleep at night and I can sleep through the night and look at some dangers in my neighborhood .
If we don &apos;t send each other . &quot; &quot; If I don &apos;t send you , it means you don &apos;t look at the dangers .
It &apos;s a system for the left .
The new landscape looks something like this .
This world is fueled by the dangers that are trying to make our lives difficult or trying to reduce our success . &quot; &quot; They &apos;re trying to reduce our chance of success .
This can lead to a market fairly seriously .
It could be a new technology that you would take your business class off at night , and it could be a new technology that you would take your business class off at night .
Or it could be your opponent who sometimes tries to cheat you .
It sometimes tries to push you from the businesses , but at least it gives you the tools and trying to push your businesses to get you there , it gives you the tools and your businesses to get you there .
We have no option on these powers .
It &apos;s an independent thing , and it will never be done .
The only driver of change is the conditions within an organization , and that &apos;s where the job is , because it &apos;s the script that defines the direction .
When a leader chooses to protect and live the lives of the people in her organization that protect the people in her organization and protect the lives of the people in her organization , and that is to value their own personal and benign results so that people are there and that they sacrifice their own personal and benign results so that people are there and that people feel secure and feel their own personal relationships so that they can
I was on an ongoing journey , and I realized the truth that when a journey tried to get at the place before it reached out and I saw the janitors on the door who were coming from the man just like he passed the law as he was .
One of the first times I tried to walk on it , the first time I tried to walk on it .
So I said something .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you bring us machines like this ?
Why can &apos;t you just sit in rows like human beings ? &quot; &quot; And he immediately gave me the same answer .
He does not trust his leaders .
The reason we enjoy traveling to the West Billions is not because they &apos;re focusing on sweeping the Muslim Brotherhood .
That &apos;s because they don &apos;t give to their leaders .
You see , if conditions are violent , we spend our time and our strength keeping you safe from each other , we spend our time and strength keeping you safe from each other , and therefore less organization .
What a great leader can give you as an example of how to be a parent as a good leader is to have the most close example of how to be a parent .
If you think about how good parents are , what do you want ? What does a good parent do ? ( Laughter ) A good parent ?
We want to give our children opportunities , education , organization and record , when it is necessary , we want to give our children more opportunities , education , organization and record , when it is necessary , to give them more and more of what we can do for ourselves , to raise more and to get more of what we can do for ourselves .
All right leaders want that .
They want to give their people opportunities , education , organization and record , when it is necessary , they want to give their people the opportunities , education , organization and record , when it is necessary , they want to give them the opportunity to create confidence , they want to give them time and to act so that they can make more successes that we &apos;ve ever imagined so that they can make more successes than ever imagined .
Charlie Kamen , who &apos;s the head of a tech company in New York City called Next Jump , is the head of a tech company called Charlie Kamen in New York City , who &apos;s the head of a tech company called Next Jump , they say if your family &apos;s hard time , will you ever let your child go ?
We will never do that .
So how can we get people out of our organization ? How can we get people out of our organizations ?
Charley has actually lost control of prostitution , and Charley has actually lost control of prostitution .
If you &apos;re working at Next Jump , you don &apos;t get to work on the basis of the problem of efficiency .
But if you have a problem , they will lead you and help you , just like we would do to our kid who comes from school and goes home .
It &apos;s totally different .
That &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some bankers are running away from CEOs , and that &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers are running away from CEOs , which is why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers are running away from CEOs , who are unequally stressed and angry .
That &apos;s not data .
But they have laid down fundamental laws of gravity .
They &apos;ve grown a dense society .
We know that they &apos;ve given their loved children the victims of their loved ones , and we know that they &apos;ve given their loved ones the victims of their loved ones , but they tell them that they &apos;ve killed their loved ones because of their loved ones , and they tell them that they &apos;ve killed their loved ones because of their loved ones .
That &apos;s what gives us no data .
Can anyone predict that Gaddafi would spend 150 million dollars ?
Why not give teachers 250 million dollars ?
Is there a problem with this ? Absolutely not .
Great leaders will never bring data back to people to save .
Great leaders will never bring data back to people to save .
But they will give people the skin data to save , but they will give people the skin data to save .
In the BMI , a miniaturization company , they put together a miniaturization company called Barry Wehmiller in 2008 , and they shared the major label , and they put 30 percent of their drivers overnight .
Now in a large mining company , this is a huge problem , and they can &apos;t afford to buy their properties more often .
They needed 10 million dollars of children , and so many of the companies that have now joined the board and did the analytical task .
And Bob responded .
You see , it &apos;s not believing in the generation of children .
Instead , babies believe in cheating , and decrease loved ones is harder and harder to reduce loved ones .
And then they built a personal project .
That every job , every service member , every service member of the CEO , needed to get everybody to the table for four weeks at a time .
They could do it any time they wanted and they didn &apos;t have to follow it .
But as Bob mentioned the program , he stays very important .
He said it &apos;s better that we would all be less painful than some of us would be more painful and more painful .
They have saved 20 million dollars , and most importantly , as people expect , when they feel protected from the dignity of an organization , trust and cooperation is natural .
And just like nobody expected , people started businesses from each other .
What was most successful was business with low-successful families .
So some people took five volumes to make each other just three volumes .
Mathematics is an absolute essence , not an absolute essence .
I know many people who are benefiting from the most successful organizations , I know many people who are benefiting from the most successful organizations which are not a leader at all .
They &apos;re amateurs , and we do what they say , because they have access to us , but we don &apos;t follow them .
And I know a lot of people who are in the middle of the organizations who have no authority , and they are real leaders , and this is because they have chosen to see their left side by side , and this is because they have committed to seeing their left side by side , and they have committed to seeing their right side , and they have committed to seeing their right side .
This is a leader .
I heard a story about some science that was going on out of the theater , and as philosophers do , the man eats himself in the bush , and he plays his people first , and when he eats , he doesn &apos;t save anything for him .
And when he returned to the field , his friends gave him some food from his plants so he could eat because that &apos;s what happens .
We tell them they do it first .
We call them leaders because they take someone else &apos;s risk , we call them leaders because they take someone else &apos;s risk .
We call them leaders because they choose to be victims so that people can protect them , we call them leaders because they choose to be victims so that people can protect them , we call them leaders because they choose to be victims so that people can protect them and therefore take advantage of them , and when we do so , it becomes natural for us to protect ourselves .
They &apos;ll give us their own blood and blood and blood to see if their leader &apos;s desire becomes real , and when we ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why can you give your blood and your pancreas and your body to this person ? &quot; &quot; So they all say one thing : &quot; &quot; Because they do this for us too . &quot; &quot; And isn &apos;t that the organization we would all love to work for ?
And isn &apos;t that the organization that we all love to work for ? And isn &apos;t that the organization that we all love to work for ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I grew up with a small story about the Limpopo , which is true of Limpopo and Mumbai .
Where water supply and water is really unbelievable in the same way , and growing in these conditions is very difficult to grow up once at 17 years old , I was staying still in the bush with friends in the bush .
The sun is getting warmer in the winter .
And as I was peering down the street , my best friend said , &quot; &quot; Yes , why don &apos;t you create something that just crashes on your skin and doesn &apos;t make you sad ? &quot; &quot; And I sat down , and I immediately said , &quot; &quot; Yes , I just went home , and I did some research and I had some amazing statistics .
Today , more than 2.5 billion people have no adequate access to water and conservation .
Four hundred and fifty million of them are in Africa , and there are millions in South Africa alone .
Different diseases reside in this environment , which is one of the most dangerous things known as the harmful chromosome .
The reason why the tragedy happens in the eye is because of the loss of the eye , you can be instantly invisible .
This disease kills eight million people every year on a continuous basis , and one of the things that &apos;s great about it is that , for the trachoma , you only have to give up your month : no eggs , no vegetables , no engineering .
After seeing these thoughtful figures , I thought , &quot; &quot; Okay , I &apos;m not just doing this for myself , and not just doing it for myself , but I &apos;m doing it for at least because I want to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Then I sent out my brother &apos;s 6234 mobile phones — because I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I went to Google
And I looked at it like a particular problem of fracking .
So Jesus said yes , our formulas were ready .
Now we need to do this in the short term .
Four years later , with the mobile phone in 40 pages full of company profits , after writing my patent , I &apos;m the smallest patent holder in the country and — ( &quot; &quot; now and no longer ! &quot; &quot; ) — I can &apos;t say that anymore . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first mystery exchange .
You just put it on your skin , and you don &apos;t need to cut it .
( Laughter ) So after trying to make it work in high school and limited resources , which I had , the mentor neurologist intervened with some new people , did more of this , and now we have a full-scale infrastructure that is ready to go into the market , but is now available in the market .
We learned some lessons from DryBath to commercialize and to people .
One thing we learned is that poor people don &apos;t buy products at a large scale .
They just buy it under the need . A person in Alex doesn &apos;t buy a ticket . They buy a ticket because it makes more sense .
So we put DryBath in these creative blocks .
You put it between you and the outside .
And the cool thing is , a simple substitute for a penny in five seconds .
After the invention of this model , we learned a lot more about the waste of industries .
We even want DryBath on air conditioning children to get there in less than a week .
However , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water in the middle , whenever they break dirty water and we could save two houses for children , which are in the old areas , two houses , more than two hours for school dropout , two more houses for children .
After seeing the global impacts , we &apos;ve taken it out of our main value of goods , transparency and solidarity .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s service and a life of the poor .
We &apos;re entering the process of setting this up , now we &apos;re actually entering the era of a multinational branding that can be retail market , and one question for my listeners today , at Limpopo Currently , with an opening of 50 brands a week to fashion a way that doesn &apos;t have to bridge the world .
What &apos;s wrong with you ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t finished yet , I haven &apos;t finished yet .
And the other important thing is that I learned a lot from this early operation last year Google announced me as the world &apos;s first young girl .
I am now the world &apos;s greatest student entrepreneur , the first African who has access to this school , and one thing that amazes me , all of this talk about why I didn &apos;t want to regret it . Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here today to share some of the results with you , and I &apos;m also surprised to myself what are the actual reasons why organizations are so successful , which is why they &apos;re so successful .
I believe that donor agencies are the best way to create a better place in the world .
If you select a group of people with the desire for equal waste and organize them at the beginning , then you will be as young as the human potential that was once impossible .
You &apos;ll see them make the impossible possible .
But if initial organizations are the best , why do most of them fail ?
That &apos;s why I wanted to understand .
I wanted to know what is the most important thing for success at first .
I wanted to know so many organizations about this , I wanted to open up many of my misconceptions and misconceptions that came to me from some of the companies in the last few years .
I wanted to know this because I was building different businesses from the age of 12 , January High School , and I moved to school when I was making solar power tools , then to school , when I was making radio .
I left school and founded a software company .
And 20 years ago , the beginning of the Libya , in the last 20 years , we launched over 100 companies with many successes , and very big failures .
We learned a lot about these failures .
I &apos;ve tried to give theorists the greatest cause of organization success or failure .
So I looked at these five .
First of all , I think .
I think everything is .
So I called my company &quot; &quot; The Additional Live &quot; &quot; the last moment you feel about it .
With closing , I thought perhaps the team , the ability to perceive fragility or collapse , are even more critical factors .
I never thought there would be a TED Talk by the researcher at TED , but one time he said , &quot; &quot; Every person has a plan , until I don &apos;t have a plan . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business as well .
It &apos;s important for a team to accommodate the ability to drive from car to car .
Each one is an Italian fact .
So I thought maybe the team has the most important meaning .
So I started looking at the business model .
Does an organization have a clear policy about delivery ?
With him , it seemed to grow up in my mind that what matters most to success .
So think about investment .
Sometimes business makes a huge investment .
Could that be the most important thing ?
After that , of course — is it the right time ?
Did it come very quickly , and the world was not ready for it ?
It &apos;s fast , so you &apos;ll come and teach the world ?
Is that correct ?
Or was it too late , and before there was so much anxiety ?
So I &apos;ve gained a lot of respect for these five factors in many organizations .
And the idea was to have 100 Libyan businesses , and 100 of them outside to try and find a scientific result .
So first of these ideas on laptops , the first five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — all of these are dollars of commerce .
And the bottom five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink , we were hopeful , but it didn &apos;t work .
And then I tried to highlight all of these identities as I think these companies had moved on .
Then in the outsiders of Liberia , I saw strange breakthroughs like Airbnb and Instagram and Uber and Youtube and Linkeddin .
Here &apos;s some failures : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com Flooz and Frindster .
There was a huge investment in the new companies , and sometimes they had a business model , but they couldn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to learn that the most effective factors had been the success and failure of all companies , and the result struck me .
The first thing was the choice of time .
Twenty-four percent of the time is spent on success and failure .
The view of Tim and Shirley is on the other side , and then I think , being different , being unique , that &apos;s actually a third number .
But it &apos;s not really clear , not that the idea doesn &apos;t matter , but looking at it and I was surprised that I didn &apos;t think it was the most important thing .
Sometimes it &apos;s more important when it &apos;s time .
Finally , business model and investment comes in my mind .
I think the market model still needs to be too late , because you can start without a market model , and then when you grow a car seat , you include it .
And investment , if investment was low in the beginning but now it &apos;s increasing , especially today , investment is very easy .
I want to give you some examples of all of these nozzles here .
A great success on Airbnb , as you all know .
Now , it &apos;s popular that a lot of investors looked at this because people thought , &quot; Who &apos;s going to give a piece of household for a profit ? &quot;
Of course , it proved wrong .
One of the reasons why gross is so successful is because of the best market model , the workforce , the workforce , is because of the right time .
This company came in front of these financial challenges when people needed additional support , and surely to help people respond to a bankruptcy law in their home .
That &apos;s Uber .
Uber came together , the best company , the best business model , the best thinkers .
But the time was absolutely right , make the money they needed .
Dreaders also wanted additional help ; it was very necessary .
Some successes , like Citysearch , came when people needed a web page .
Goto.com , which we published in 1998 , came back when companies wanted more grandmothers to protect companies .
We thought it was the best , but actually , the right time was probably the right time .
And then some failures .
We started Z.com , which was an online entertainment company .
We were so excited to do it . With enough guests and a better business model , we were going to work with some of the leading thinkers at the Hole in the Wall .
Between 1999 and 2000 , the broad band was very low .
It was really hard to watch online videos , you didn &apos;t know what to code on your browser , and eventually this company started in 2003 .
Just two years later , when Adobe Flash solved the problem of coding and broadband lowered 50 percent in the United States , YouTube got the best time .
Great , good time .
The truth is that YouTube , when it started , had no business model .
They weren &apos;t even sure it would work .
But he was extremely optimistic .
So in short , perception is really important .
The idea is very important .
But maybe time is critical .
And the best way to estimate time is to see if you &apos;re really hungry for your success .
And the truth is , what &apos;s going to happen is that the outcomes don &apos;t work out of them , because if you like something , you want to stay in the future , but in the case of time , you have to work very hard .
As I said earlier , organizations can change the world , they can create a better place .
Hopefully , some of them are helpful at increasing your chances of success , and then changing the world in some of the best ways .
Thank you very much , all of you .
( Applause )
&#91; On April 3 , 2016 we saw the greatest data in history &#93; &#91; Fifth success negotiates wealthy and powerful people &#93; &#91; cash flow in non-governmental companies &#93; &#91; What does that mean ? &#93; &#91; We &apos;ve done the scrutiny of the Gulf Ventures to convey the tomorrow . &#93; &#91; This week &apos;s history center focused on the campaign of geeks to
Five out of the five that have offered them access to clean drinking shell companies .
We tell ourselves the inner stories of gangs and gangs and gangs who are running around and saying , &quot; &quot; Okay , we need a household company , can you give us ? &quot; &quot; You can actually look at email , you can look at text messaging , you can see a way of doing it , how they &apos;re doing it , how they &apos;re doing it .
It &apos;s beginning to show up .
The CEO of East Linda has been celebrated .
We also have the news that the descendants of poor Doctors are descending companies .
Two billion dollars &apos; worth of stolen goods go to the main source of my son &apos;s friend , a famous sitcom .
And a lot of smart people will be infected , and those who are going to go back to the old days are going to be at home with more stolen notes .
Now that sounds like a magic trick or a violin story , and that sounds like a violin story .
What should we do about it ?
But the truth is that businesses and power people are sitting in the corner of their pockets and how much they don &apos;t need to tax , which means that wealthy improvements like girls have little money for health and education .
And it affects all of us .
For my company , Gobble Watts , this is amazing .
Global media and political leadership are talking about how people in shell companies manage their influence — that we &apos;re exploring with our decades .
I think it &apos;s a cool , chocolate world for people , and it &apos;s really hard to understand how these smart companies work .
I think it &apos;s sort of like a road map .
You can run a company with a second company , a company with a second company , almost impossible to figure out who &apos;s behind it .
It &apos;s hard to understand what &apos;s going on for companies to disrupt law , press , solar cells .
I think it &apos;s also interesting in America that we haven &apos;t talked about .
Maybe it &apos;s because Americans don &apos;t have to be in this room .
Now this doesn &apos;t mean that America &apos;s poor people are not investing in shell companies .
This is why the U.S. Foundation approach works , only a few in the U.S.
I think if we &apos;re going to go to Kenema Illinand and do Delhi Wayer or the Navy or the Navy or the Navy , why don &apos;t we talk about America ?
But a lot of American citizens don &apos;t have to give a lot of information , they have to give us less information in order to run the company than the library card does .
In American schools , information like this is given to students .
This leaves nine billion dollars in comfort .
This kind of circle affects all of us .
Now in Galapagos , we wanted to look at how this problem works .
How does it actually work ?
So what we did was , we switched a campaign across 13 twin law firms .
Our foundation as an African minister wanted to transport the village across America to a home , a ship and a place to buy .
The heart note was that all the villages could give a one-by-one illustration of how the village can move the toilet .
These were all early meetings , and we didn &apos;t make our money at all , and we didn &apos;t give anybody a money , but it seemed like a bad state of the system .
It &apos;s also important not to treat it as individual transactions .
It &apos;s not about individual weaknesses that have talked about our hidden assumptions and ideas .
It &apos;s not just a censorship scientist who &apos;s found in Scandal .
This is the way the system works , which protects electricity , electricity , dignity and inefficiency .
And to be able to do that , we have to change the game .
We &apos;re going to change the rules of the game so that it can be hard to create .
It might be intuitive , that what we can &apos;t do about it , we can never change it , that the smart and the powerful are always going to be .
But as a positive person , I think something changes .
Over the past few years , we &apos;ve been moving towards transparency where the company has taken over .
This issue was put on political ice , but the British Prime Minister David Committees has gone through eight seconds in the southern South Land in 2013 .
And since then , Europe is building upon the Climate Center for Climate Protocol , which is basically the country of who is in Europe or is controlling them .
The key thing is that the E.U. is behind it .
On a map of controversial law enforcement standards , the center and the center , which we wanted the growth did not go up , so we did five .
They want to look at inventions , larger sections of small businesses , ones used around the world and in the U.S.
This is a change in the Gulf Ventures .
We need to reach out to the people who know what they know behind barbershops .
You know , they speak up , they &apos;re not good at predicting this kind of behavior . We do .
Politicians need to address this issue , and to lobby for legislative change to transparent information .
We can bring together the secrecy of this facility to close the gains that are driving Texas &apos;s electricity by opening and opening curtains .
Chris Anderson : Welcome , Julie .
It &apos;s said that Lichka , who invented you , has had a much better sense of ownership in the last few years than all the other media in the world .
Can it happen ?
Julie Singer : Yes , can it be true ?
It &apos;s a preconceived notion — isn &apos;t it ? — that the media of the world is showing inefficiency in terms of making a small group of workers able to perform such insights that the rest of the world has more than all the media .
CA : How does that happen ?
How do people make tools ?
And how do you stick with them ?
Julie Singer : There we are . Here I can tell you — public service in the right way — and we have a lot of ways to get the information to us .
So we use a lot of high-water reserves to put materials back on the Internet from one place to the other , to draw signals to get legal reserves like software and blogs to get legal reserves .
We get information from the public , from the public debt , from the Ross Scouts or whatever , running media organizations like that , forecasting — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about massive media for the public and then protecting yourself against the negative laws and politics .
CA : So you have to try to make sure that the evidence is right , but you actually never know what the product is .
Julian Sanging : That &apos;s right , we &apos;ll always be able to find out how long it is , and if we get to the next level , we &apos;ll soon be able to extract information from the skin .
( Gunshot ) God bless him .
( Laughter ) Chris Anderson : I think it &apos;s sort of cool and you &apos;re wondering what the code is for TED . ( Laughter )
Here &apos;s an example , real .
This is something you thought about a few years ago .
If we can look at it .
So that was the story of Kenya a few years ago .
Can you tell us what you invented and what happened next ?
Julian Sanging : Yes , this is the coral report .
This was a secret magic report that the government of Kenya prepared after 2004 .
Before 2004 , the government was there for 18 years .
She was a nurse in Kenya .
And when it came to the power of the book — due to the attempts of the authorities who were trying to bridge Kenya , they bought 20 million pounds of this report card and another report like that .
And then the government was sitting on it and using it to counter its political will , which was the poorest people — now the smartest person in Kenya .
This is Jesus Christ .
That &apos;s why it was taken in 2007 , and we were able to accomplish this by the very first election in December 2008 .
When we opened the report , three days after we opened it to the new capital , Kabul decided to become a friend of the person who was horrified by Daniel Arp , so this report was hung on the corner of the capital city .
CA : And — so I mean , just briefly , it &apos;s — it &apos;s been launched in Kenya , not by commercials , but rather on average , and in your country , it has changed the outcome of choice .
Julian Sanging : Yes . This is the steep slope of Gaddafin , and then it spread across all of Kenya &apos;s newspapers in Tanzania and South Africa .
This is how it came out .
And he trusted , after a couple of days , Kenya &apos;s incredible facility to talk about it .
And this blog was placed on television for 20 days in Kenya , and it changed the contest 10 percent , according to a Chinese interview , and it changed the result of the previous choice .
CA : Wow , has that really changed the world ?
Julin Sung : Yes .
( Applause ) Chris Anderson : There we go . We &apos;re just showing a little tiny , little video of the device .
This video is live . But here &apos;s a little clip .
This — I &apos;ll tell you , this is a video of heart failure .
RD : ... It &apos;s really cool , when you first put two of them together .
I found , oh , there are four with them .
The road is clear . Now it &apos;s okay . Galen is running .
When they &apos;re on your behalf , tell me . Go figure it out .
Hello .
Holy cow !
( Mechanical noises ) Galen is running . Galen is running . ( Mechanical noises ) Galen is running .
Hotel — two engines , two engines .
We should move now , time is up .
Okay , now we killed eight people in our arms .
Here we &apos;re looking at two Hilly Cupters , and we &apos;re still buying furniture .
Roger . They &apos;re on my behalf .
Two , six , six , we &apos;re at home .
Oh , what a contract . What was happening ?
God bless you . Hi . Okay . Hi . I beat them .
CA : So what happened to that ?
Julian Sanging : The people who worked on it had a huge effect on it .
We finally brought two people together to do more research .
These were the first in three dimensions that happened .
CA : So 11 people killed in this attack , right ?
Julian Sanging : Yes ! Two employees of the Royers , two small children were killed .
Twenty-six out of 18 were basically killed .
CA : And after his execution , he went back a lot .
What was the primary cause of regret , you think ?
Julian Sanging : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see themselves as a huge disbalance of power .
On the one hand , some people are going to the grass and then a kilometer away from the propeller , 30 miles away , are starting to attract hydrocarbons for every person — among many — and killing the children .
There were two journalists who weren &apos;t even aware of it , because they were conscious of it .
Chris Anderson : According to the US intelligence agency , Broadmining got arrested , and he said that he had acknowledged that he had made this video to you about 280,000 and a half thousand other U.S. public officials as well .
Did it really happen ?
Julie Singer : So we invented by accepting the officials .
It was taken five days ago to get 150,000 applications and 50 characters .
But we &apos;ve now given them what they did at the beginning of the year in Rwanda and an American safety house , but they have no relevance .
I mean , I often went to this safe house .
CA : I mean , if you &apos;ve got thousands of accents from the American safety house ...
Julian Sanging : We will do what we do . ( CA : Will you do it ? ) Julian Sanging : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) Julian Song : Because these things show that actually , what are states of Arab governments , for example , in these states , are actually pushing human rights against human rights .
If you look at the hidden documents , the material is inside them .
CA : Just play around with it .
I mean , what &apos;s your philosophy normally ?
Why would you believe the hidden information ?
Julian Sanging : So the question is how important information in the world is , what information can be made possible .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that companies spend money on is saving money , that &apos;s a good indication that when you want to get information out of there , you hope to do something good , because what companies know better , and they know better about it , they care about it too .
And we found that in the experiment , and that &apos;s the history of consciousness .
CA : But are those risks individually or collectively for societies where innovation doesn &apos;t exist unexpectedly ?
Julian Sanging : We did not do what we had with them .
I mean , our big obstacle is practical .
With information , we can borrow from a very specific way of uploading information that &apos;s private — there &apos;s information that &apos;s available to someone else .
But there are also some mysteries — your physician has your knowledge ; there &apos;s a magic secret — but we &apos;re talking about the civilian troops who come in and out of the sun .
CA : All right , so they &apos;re doing this with emotion .
And what you &apos;re going to do about it , for example , you think , a father whose daughter is working in the United States Senate , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve made a difference that some people like to cook other people .
It shows an American scientific twist on dead people .
And this influences — but it has given millions of people around the world that the United States is political .
Although they &apos;re not , my daughter is not , who are you going to say ? So what do you answer ?
Julian Sanging : Here &apos;s how we ask so many questions .
But remember in the ghettos , in Iraq , people in Afghanistan — you don &apos;t have to watch a video , they &apos;re looking at it .
It doesn &apos;t make any difference to their feelings , it doesn &apos;t make any difference to their perception .
Because they all look somewhat familiar .
It will change their minds and their minds that fund this , and that is our hope .
CA : OK , so you seem to be hopeful for what you think companies and governments are holding information .
That &apos;s good .
But wouldn &apos;t it be ridiculous to you that in order to solve this light , you have to maintain yourself as a temperature of your mind ?
Julie Singer : Not exactly . I mean , we &apos;re not a different cell .
We have no idea what other minds are like .
If they do this , it &apos;s going to be a very difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re doing it in a way that people are ethically comfortable to feel that they &apos;re going to be doing it tomorrow .
CA : I think , as far as we &apos;ve heard — I mean , it &apos;s about bringing peace to the unseen .
You might also imagine that there would be different kinds of crazy things about Lux and Girls .
One is the hero of people who hope .
Or we can create problems .
What does the hero look like ?
And what about the problem ?
Julie Singer : Oh ! Something should be done .
CA : These are very good people , young people .
We have to try and do it . Today they show you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t done before , but I think you &apos;ve done something for TED .
So this is a very interesting story , right ?
What is it ?
Julian Sanging : This is an example of what we do every day .
So at the end of last year — in November there were a lot of important Russians sitting in the banks , like the cells in Mexico , but not so big .
And we got reporters — which happened to be a very good experiment about this — which was to say that in fact , companies competing against different oil companies had pushed back and forth .
And there were some former military governments , etc . , etc .
And there was nothing above this report , so it was a very difficult task for us .
We couldn &apos;t predict it because we didn &apos;t know who he wrote and what it was about .
So we wondered , well , maybe this company has done all this in a competitive game .
So we did this with the foundation , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
We don &apos;t know at all , but what can we do ?
It &apos;s okay , and I look it up , but we can &apos;t predict it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter that came from this guy who wrote this , and he wanted to take the pen . ( Laughter ) They said , &quot; &quot; Hey , we want to write the pen . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , we want to talk about it .
What are you talking about ?
Can you show how successful you are of course owning it ?
Is this really yours ? &quot; &quot; So they brought us to sleep with what we think of as Scripture with the name of the factory worldview with the iPad .
Yeah .
( Applause ) This has happened many times .
This is our way of reimagining and predicting what materials are , and that is to try to write and get the letters from these people .
CA : All right . So , have you ever given any information out of your pocket ?
Julian Sanging : Yes , we have so much , I mean , at the time , we collect and measure various steps like difficult steps .
For this reason , our initiative in the last few months has become much more successful because we &apos;re improving our buck system because of the rare national waste that we have .
It &apos;s raw .
I mean , just like any organization that &apos;s flourishing , more than our capabilities are piloted on top of us because of our growth , and that means that we have large numbers of civic services that are very smart , but we don &apos;t have enough people to arrange and upset this information .
CA : So that &apos;s a real problem , essentially , why would you want a journalist or a journalist ?
Julie Singer : Yes . And trustworthy people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s really hard to fix fast-forward , because with the material in the form that holds our medium , so we need to reorganize it so that we can get those people together to work on materials that are very sensitive to safety , and then less sensitive to business .
CA : All right , so you tell us a little bit about your own identity and how you got to work .
And I think where I &apos;ve learned that you went to 37 different schools as a child .
Is that correct ?
Julian Sanging : Yes , my parents were in the movies business of my parents , and then they &apos;re moving away from the city , so it was the effect of both of these things .
( Laughter ) CA : I mean a psychiatrist , so it &apos;s just that everything can be done can be done with something .
Julie Sung : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just a junior high school kid , and you came up with the idea of working very quickly .
Julian Sanging : Yes , I was a journalist .
You know , I was a journalist from a very young age .
I wrote a letter , and I was the girl at the time when this crime hit me .
So you need to appreciate the word for it .
I mean — there &apos;s a way that you can use different things .
Unfortunately , at the time , it &apos;s only using Russian mafia to sponsor your grandmother &apos;s banking .
So this word , it &apos;s not really helpful anymore .
CA : Yeah , OK , I don &apos;t think that you &apos;re a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what do you think about your core value ?
Can you tell us something about what they are and perhaps some event in their life that helped them do ?
Julian Sanging : I don &apos;t believe in reality .
But basic value : good , good , hard people don &apos;t generate empathy ; they grow from it .
And this is the footprint that I have learned from my father and some other remarkable and heavy people who live in my life .
Chris Anderson : Can &apos;t possibly produce passionate people who grow up ?
Julian Sanging : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a jolly man , so I &apos;m not very good at growing up , but somehow — there &apos;s another way to grow a chicken , which is to get close to the police , to crime .
And that &apos;s the thing that &apos;s in my office for a very long time .
CA : So we &apos;ve got to just say this in a short time : What happened in the last year ?
Basically you &apos;ve done something here , you &apos;ve got a banking problem , and then you &apos;ve got the newspaper reports that go out and contemplate storytelling .
Instead they sparked you .
So you &apos;d be very famous in the West Bank . So what happened ?
Julian Sanging : Yes , it &apos;s a great fact . You know .
The E.U. has driven a crisis .
There it was .
The banks there were 10 times larger than the GDP of the rest of the country .
Well , we did that report last year .
And the state of the art of the Taliban , five minutes before it was released , was like a movie : &quot; Untamed resistance on the screen , and the state of the NBC was , &quot; This has never happened to us before . What do we do ? &quot;
So we just showed the web , time-consuming all the time , and we &apos;re going to be very popular in the West Bank , I went to East Land talking about it .
And the elements for the people here were that they shouldn &apos;t be again , and as a result , the Saudis of the South Land , working with some other international miners , we lobbied for a new type of Asian London law , so it &apos;s like free media , because journalists around the world are the most safe place , the new Nobel Prize for free .
A North country is like a nurse , which means it &apos;s moving upward from the bottom up .
And just a month ago , Parliament of the East Land designed it properly .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julie .
When you look into the future , do you realize that the most expected thing to show is power and energy , greater security , or are you looking at us , or is it going to lead to equal power , or is it going to lead to that ?
Julie Singer : I &apos;m not sure where the situation will come .
I mean , there &apos;s a lot of pressure for the law of free will and the law of transparency in the world — in Europe , in the U.S.
What &apos;s going to happen ? It &apos;s hard to say .
So this is a really interesting time to live — because with a little effort , we can move on one side or the other .
CA : OK , so it seems like I &apos;m translating the role of audiences to talk about , you know , jealousy , mercy and all the power to you .
Julie Singer : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
When I was a kid .
So this was my team .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at food .
I don &apos;t like playing and watching both .
So I did this , which is milk waste .
I would shuffle cards of my childhood connectome , and I would see it in the streets .
When I was growing up and got home in the early 1990s , I got this birthday .
My team was stuck .
And when I looked at it from the perspective of a mirror , I realized how the rest of the world is thinking about it ?
And when I went to some remote places that I &apos;ve been to , I &apos;m pretty sure , North Carolina , Pursat , or in India , I watched as I went down to the neighborhood revealed four species of beings — well , fine , touch , silence and code .
And I thought that was a big deal , and I was wondering whether anyone else would ever have this potential model .
And when I found this out , I realized that people weren &apos;t looking at the Catholic team .
Ordinary people see something like this .
To confine the natural world into a few elements is not an unusual human quality .
We did this work 10,000 years ago when we analyzed our ancestors .
If you look at the fire from 10,000 years ago , you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s round and crumpled , you &apos;ll see all kinds of creatures .
But if you look back 2,000 years ago , all you would see is four animals : salt , coal , zinc and silver .
It &apos;s also true for donors .
If you look at mine 150 or 200 years ago in the streets of New York City , you &apos;ll see pictures of bats and beads and delusions .
But if you look at the distance there , you &apos;re only going to be four orders of magnesium — wheat , rice , but also maneuverable .
It &apos;s understanding that we &apos;re moving in this direction .
How did that happen to us ?
Sir .
This is a brand new problem .
And we &apos;ve been doing this for the last 50 years .
The second great war has given us the greatest motivation to be a warrior .
During the Great War , we propelled technology like the Sun , the polymer , etc . , to the extent that all of these things are happening .
And since the end of the Second World War , I have come to see the greatest additional potential of death .
But that &apos;s only half the story .
The second half of the story is that armed farm and sea urchins have gone up , and within a couple of years , its income has increased from concentration .
Now if you collect foreign military and military military , it will be equal to two Chinese citizens every year .
Now , my favorite example of using Chinese characters is not one , because China is not only one of the biggest producers of all , it &apos;s also one of the biggest disarmaments .
Now , let &apos;s turn to your square legs .
The first , the U.S. and the West have the most utilized salt food .
Water loss is an incredibly wealthy element .
Only one pound of forestry takes five , 10 , or 15 pounds of forestry to get to the market .
The Indus civilization is also incredibly precise .
In a study done in Delhi University , it showed that methane with household hydrogen sulfide is absolutely ineffective .
But here &apos;s the problem .
Where the battlefields are lying in the remote areas are the mangroves .
Now take a look at these beautiful patterns .
They detect the footprint of the Earth from their place , protected the beaches , livestock and pets , all kinds of important things for the environment .
Some of this has happened with the civil war in Mongolia .
We &apos;ve spent the last 30 or 40 years putting up millions of icons .
A second procedure which is here , which the philosopher Marine Benjamin calls &quot; &quot; Nemo . &quot; &quot; Now , looking at the Tropical rail , you &apos;ve seen it &apos;s very controversial .
Now , there are some things that are already happening that the small algae break up from the big net , but with it , with very large numbers of them , they disperse the other nutrients and transform them into food after the fish .
And a lot of times , they work from the slums , which are named after the Red Brigades , which is the slime mold that we like to look at on the river , which means that the ecological system itself is opening up and making its way .
Then there &apos;s another big food in the U.S. and the West .
Titan is a global campaign .
You need to look at large areas of the world to organize like small areas .
Our area , scientists call it , the ICCAT , for electronic communication to protect electronic nuclei .
Carl whales also put together a great advocate for finding all the tuna .
We can do the train wrapping , but the train &apos;s not good enough .
Many people don &apos;t know , but it &apos;s warm .
It takes over 40 miles per gallon and heats up to 20 degrees Celsius in its environment .
All of the benefits of the last mile are closed .
The fluid absorbs the blood vessels that it doesn &apos;t last very long .
This is the best for protein .
But what the military creatures spent 40 miles on household accounts , they can &apos;t possibly stay in the forest .
Even time has been good luck , it doesn &apos;t have to be fast enough .
This is my political connectome .
Connecticut was running through the forest floor .
If you look at the map of the connectome , every dot is a dose .
In the politics of Connecticut , there are over 3,000 of them .
In fact , I say there are more people in the connectome — ( Laughter ) if anyone has opened the checkpoints , I think we can dramatically improve the world .
And everywhere , these are the streets that propel the deserve to give to children .
As a result , we have a success story on the horizon and on the temporal lobe .
When the space shuttle started , the space shuttle would cost six pounds to build a foundation .
But now it &apos;s getting a lot better .
In contrast , this is also a small fake water , because if you look at the Freeman &apos;s Facebook page , they call it the Sami Pong of a football game .
While this footage is ready for the blind .
It &apos;s hard to say something about short , expensive pay .
But it also requires the credit card industry to make pay-as-you-go dishes .
This is a system that &apos;s producing cooking , and it &apos;s producing geysers .
That &apos;s been declining for seven percent per year .
Even though we spend a little bit less money on getting to the market , we save a lot of money .
We don &apos;t just play chocolate cake , we play chocolate cake with men and women .
We have what &apos;s left and what &apos;s left .
Because on top of it , the blood and the blood vessels and so forth add bullets .
I wonder if there &apos;s a mosque that has made it , but it has opened the mosque .
India is the first or the first to die — ( Laughter ) as a result , it &apos;s a terrifying problem .
We &apos;re talking about 30 million tons of desalination brine that &apos;s been cleared out of the sea by 20th century .
This is the third part of China , or the number of people in the United States who get out of the sea every year .
The last thing in four categories is this .
Philadelphia actually started as an alphabet .
And it started with the owner of a local banker who saw that the next day he would never go to a McDonald &apos;s .
He came over to the park and said , &quot; I &apos;m going to make a funeral for you . &quot;
Let &apos;s find out .
Whatever the funds were worth more to the Sun , it was evidence that Hallel was not Jesus .
So he created his lift song .
Sadly , the Sinhala settlement was 30 cents .
He wanted to make a 25-centimeter node , so he brought in the electronic code .
Actually , the Flickr Sandwazz police offers the largest mass industry in the United States of America , the arts industry spends between two and three billion pounds a year on microcredit .
If we stop the police , the current election might be Thailand .
Twenty years ago , Thailand had no idea .
It changes the plant proteins in a very efficient way in animal protein , and it makes me happy for the third world .
Actually , it &apos;s a very sustainable solution ; in nine months it &apos;s growing from an individual .
The problem is , when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
It doesn &apos;t look like a dirty vegetable .
It doesn &apos;t include the ACEs and DNA epidemics that we think will live forever .
So what do we do now ?
I mean this poor little clip of mine .
Which represents a large part of three million tons .
One possibility that conservation agencies have determined is , can we eat it ?
Can we open it up instead of giving it to people ?
There are reasons for this .
They have an Indian brave childhood in the marketplace against lying , and the average elite on the marketplace is at the top of the Indus Valley .
This is October 3 , EPA and DIY are a great source of HIV .
So this is her potential .
But can we take this path and instead of giving away a few dollars or a few dollars or a few dollars or a few dollars or a few dollars , and convert it into a footprint , we can crowdsource the goods and charge the goods to save the goods again ?
The other thing that &apos;s really interesting is that homes are characteristic .
They have much more EPAD and ADHD .
The Indus calculus is incredibly effective .
There are only three parts of the revenue from the Indus civilization to the market .
Actually , it &apos;s more than three hours out of the sea .
The atmosphere creates three times the atmosphere , so they collect only three .
If you look at the important world , it &apos;s incredibly important .
In our blue algae , we have the output of fossils and neurotransmitters .
Over the last 20 years , more than 400 deaths have been produced , which is a very big cause of sea life .
So as you can think about Coke , in all these different categories , there are more than three protons and more than three , and these are very effective things .
It &apos;s just like that .
And the last puzzle is a question mark .
We can create a pathway that can help us repair salt proteins .
These creatures should be bright green , so they can grow and change their environment quickly , and they have the ability to look like a grid on their shape , and they want to be EPA , DHA , OMC and Pete East .
It &apos;s still in the paper .
I &apos;ve been reporting these topics for the past 15 years .
Whenever I talk about it , nothing says to me , &quot; &quot; We can all do this . We can do this .
But try not to do it .
And now it &apos;s time to try .
If we can do that , the third part of the world &apos;s population is nearly 30 million in the ocean .
I mean , it &apos;s all going on .
We want to understand without our needs .
But if we do something about it , it &apos;s going to take a long time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I was there to reveal the big brain because I have a brother who is affected by mental illness .
More and later , I wanted to think as a scientist how I can connect my dreams to my reality and make my dreams come true ?
With my brother &apos;s brain and schizophrenia , what they do is they cannot separate their dreams from the public and from the truth , and they do their job .
So I quit my life to study serious illness .
And I moved to Boston from my desk in India , where I worked at the President Frankenstein Bank , which was in the field of psychology at Harvard University .
So what are the differences in people &apos;s brains that usually tend to think about as analogous to those people &apos;s brains that are damaged by Scottish , or B.C. , or B.C. , or B.C. , or B.C. , or are we actually trying to engineer brain micro microscopic signals , where are the cells delivering the message from which cells are messing with the chemical and the amount of mic@@
So there was a lot of courage in my life because I was doing this kind of research in the day , but on the weekend and weekend , I was going on a pilot &apos;s trip to the NAMI .
But on the 10th of September , 1996 , I found myself confronted by an intellectual Adam .
The left part of my brain was a nine strokes .
And for the next four hours , I watched my brain completely dissolve through any ability to understand information .
In the morning of college , I was able to write and remember something .
I was a young child in the body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen the same brain , there are two parts of it that are completely separate from each other .
I &apos;ve created a human brain to show you .
( Laughter ) So it &apos;s a real human brain .
This is the part of the brain that is sitting with the back part of the brain , and this is how it &apos;s going to sit in my brain .
And when you look at the brain , you &apos;ll see two pieces of it , completely separate from each other .
Those of you who think about computers , on the right part of our brain , operates like a parallel processor , whereas the left part of our brain is operating like a solar processor .
These two pieces communicate messages to each other across the corpus of the body that some 300 volunteers make .
But it &apos;s also two pieces of the same .
Because they think about information in a different way , each part has to think about information in a different way , their facial expressions are on different things , and you allow them to tell me who their identities are very different from each other .
Compassion . Thank you . Very much .
Audience : Yes , it &apos;s a big deal .
( Laughter ) The evidence for our brains is just now and think about this moment .
So right now , we &apos;re thinking about parts of our brains right now , and it &apos;s organically thinking about the movements of our bodies .
Information flows through the body and expands through our entire nervous system , and then it retracts and forms a huge Islamic class that we see in the present moment what it &apos;s like to perceive the present moment and what it feels like to perceive and what it feels like to perceive .
I &apos;m an energy geared away from the energy surrounding the right-hand cortex of the brain .
We are the sources of energy that come from each other through the right-hand part of the brain as a human family .
And at this point , we are brothers from this planet whose wisdom is to improve the world .
And in that moment , we are the most beautiful and beautiful .
The left part of our brain is a completely different place .
The left part of our brain is scientifically and scientifically thinking .
The left part of our brain is about the past and the future .
The building on the left of the brain is such that we take the largest Islamic / Class of our current state and analyze it and then start to collect these metrics .
And it also informs organizing and empowering information from all of the things that are going on in the past that we have learned , and the possibilities of the future , namely the impacts of our projects .
The left part of our brain is thinking about language .
It &apos;s a continuous conversation about what makes us and our inner world from the outside world .
It &apos;s that little voice that tells me how to go home and buy it .
I need them in the morning , and it &apos;s a sense of pursuing my computational book that reminds me of who I am .
But perhaps the most important voice is the voice that speaks to me ! I am !
And as my brain says to me , &quot; &quot; I , &quot; &quot; I become a separate faith .
I become one of the only ones around me with incredible energy and excitement from you .
And that part of my brain happened this morning from the polling station .
On the morning of the Cold War , my left eye slammed shaky with pain in in the back of my eye .
It was the same kind of pain as the eye of an eye .
And that pain drove me like I did and left .
And then he stopped , and then he left .
For me , it was extraordinary that I had never experienced any kind of pain , so I thought , &quot; &quot; Nothing , I &apos;m starting my day job . &quot; &quot; So I went to chocolate and I looked at my card billboard , which is the previous physical exercise machine .
Now I &apos;m obsessed with this device , because it feels like my hand is the fleet of someone who has shaked the donor .
And I &apos;m thinking , &quot; &quot; This is so bizarre . &quot; &quot; And then I look back and I look at my body and I think , &quot; &quot; Wow , this seems like a very bizarre and poor thing . &quot; &quot; And it seems like the way I think has changed my mind , which is the general sense of truth in which I &apos;m a human being who &apos;s operating from this experience , but I &apos;m now in a very humbling and
And it was all very strange and poor , and my heart was increasing .
So I got out of the machine , and I started walking around the room , and I realized that everything inside my body was simple .
And everyone &apos;s doing it very difficult and very thinkable .
I have no connection to my speed , and the way I think about it is that I only focus on the inner system .
I &apos;m standing in my basement ready to make underwater , and I &apos;m actually speaking inside my body .
I heard a voice that was saying , &quot; &quot; I need to play you now .
My foot goes down , and then my balance goes down , and I &apos;m waiting for the wall .
I look around and I see my hands , and I realize that I can &apos;t repair my body &apos;s limitations now .
I don &apos;t understand where I &apos;m going and where I &apos;m going to end , because my hand and my hand are going to be held up by atoms and molecular walls .
If I understood something , it was energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; What &apos;s wrong with me ? &quot;
What &apos;s going on ? &quot; &quot; And that moment in my brain quietly quieted .
It &apos;s like someone &apos;s voice of T.V. monitoring .
A silver lining .
First , I was blown away by the wiring of my brain .
But then immediately , I found myself in this huge spacecraft that was all around me .
And because I couldn &apos;t understand the boundaries of my body now , I felt my absolute awe and my strong awe .
I felt a part of this energy that was so beautiful .
Then a blood vessel came into my brain and he said to me , &quot; You are a lesbian . &quot;
We &apos;d like to help them , and I told myself I &apos;m really bored from any problem . ( Laughter ) It seems like I &apos;m really bored from the problem , but I came back quickly to this kind of feeling where I say a lot of money .
But it was such a beautiful place .
Think about the places that would be beautiful where you would be completely connected with this tiny brain that surrounds you from the outside world .
So I &apos;m in this vessel where my work and my stress gets plugged in .
I felt a lot of joy in my body .
And compare all of your relationships that come from the outside world and from that point of view was depressing .
And I felt a sense of peace and compassion .
And guess what it would look like if you went to sleep 37 years ago with the emotional weight you put on .
( Laughter ) Ooh , I found myself as a violent activist .
It was beautiful .
Then my brain got stuck there , and he said , &quot; &quot; Hey , wait a minute .
We need some help , and I &apos;m thinking that I should be helping me get my hands on this , so I started pouring necks from the back of my house , and I was walking into my apartment , and now I &apos;m thinking , can I get my hands on this ? And this moment my hands were fully exploited .
It occurred to me that my God was attacking me so much , that the only thing my mind tells me is how amazing it is .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s amazing .
Some brain researchers will come to me with this opportunity to realize that they can consciously contract their own brain and — ( Laughter ) — and then one bump came to my brain . &quot; &quot; But I &apos;m a very well-known woman . ( Laughter ) I don &apos;t have time to relax . &quot; &quot; So I thought .
&quot; &quot; Okay , I can &apos;t fix the fight , but in a couple weeks , I &apos;ll get back to my normal range . Okay .
I need to call for help . I need to call my job . &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t remember working . Then I remembered that I had my own business card on which my phone number is .
I then go to my studio room and I open up a three-story motorcycle card .
And I look at the top card , even though I can see from my naked eye what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s my card because I don &apos;t look at any of the points .
And the words on the page are going to be helpful by the punch cards and the marks , and I wasn &apos;t getting any attention .
And then I started waiting for what I call the context .
And at that moment , the general truth was repeated , and I figured , this is not a card . This is not a card .
It took me about 45 minutes to decrease this graph with just one inch .
And in those 45 minutes , the effects of the pollution on the left were increasing .
I don &apos;t understand the number , I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I have no way .
So I take the phone and I plug it in here .
I took a business card and I put it there , and now I &apos;m looking at the cards , and I &apos;m looking at the cards , and I &apos;m looking on the phone , and the cards are shaped like crickets .
But then I switch to my own elbow when I came back , and I didn &apos;t remember that I gave him the number that I didn &apos;t .
So I held my fucking arm like a donor &apos;s , and I held on to Hindus , and with the other hand , I pressed them with my other hand , and when I came back to the normal truth , let me tell you that I was there a hundred years ago , and I finally came across all Hindus , and I heard that the phone switched on my notebook , a friend stood on my wrist
I then say to her , &quot; I &apos;m so clearly saying to myself , &quot; I need help . &quot;
And from my voice , something like &quot; &quot; Woo hoo , &quot; &quot; and I think , &quot; &quot; Oh my God , I &apos;m speaking like a Golden Rule . &quot; &quot; And then he came to me that I didn &apos;t know that I could speak a language so far and understand until I tried to speak .
So he understood that I needed help , and he helped me .
And just a few days later , I was in an ambulance square in Sierra Leone from one Hospital to another Massachusetts General .
I walked around looking like a toddler of a sort .
Just like the one with the air in my lifetime and the one with the poor , I just totally lost my energy and I was feeling helpless .
And it occurred to me that I &apos;m not alone in my life now .
Or the doctor saves me and gives me a second life or gives me a second life .
By the time I left , I was surprised that I still live .
When I felt the gift of my soul , I gave life to God .
Now my brain was divided into two different facts .
It was then that the emotions of my perceptual system started to come to me with only the sense of pain .
The light changed my brain like the fire in the forest , and the lights were dim and dim because I didn &apos;t understand a voice from the perspective , or from the perspective , and I was just blowing away the voice .
Because I couldn &apos;t recognize my body posture , so I felt so much bigger and broad , like someone who was free from my belly .
And my soul dropped open like a huge violin in in the middle of noise .
Great ethos .
I found the quality that matters .
And I remember thinking that it would never be possible that I could find my own gigantic understanding of my own ability to learn within the small body .
But then I realized , &quot; But I &apos;m also alive . &quot;
I still live , and I have been brought to sleep .
And if I &apos;m brought to sleep , and I &apos;m still alive , then whatever life is that can happen to the neurons , and I &apos;ve seen a world that has been fueled by beautiful , fragile , comfortable and loving people who know that they can sometimes feel that quality .
And they can choose to live together , and the right thing is that they want to take their books off the left side of their brain and take their steps to search for transparent quality .
And then I understood how great this experiment could be . &quot; &quot; It was a joke that taught me how to live my life .
And he inspired me to be healthy .
After a period of severe stroke , the south pounding down a pipe of blood vessels from my brain was pumping blood vessels at the center of the brain &apos;s clear ability .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real fate in my life .
It took me eight years to complete health .
So who are we ?
We are the power of quantum life .
And we have the power to choose for a moment in the world where we are and what we want to be .
It &apos;s a place where I can step on the right side of my consciousness where we are .
I am the power of life in the universe , and I am the power of life .
Fifty beautiful mammalian cells are encoded in a shape that is all there .
Or I can choose to step on the left side of my consciousness where I become an individual in a tiny way .
From the quantum leap , &quot; &quot; The algorithm .
I &apos;m a doctor , a neuroanatomist .
My interior is us .
What would you choose ?
What do you choose ?
And where ?
I think no matter how much time we spend our left-right brain solving the electrical impulse we bring to the world peace and our planet becomes more polarized .
And I thought that the idea needed to be revised .
Thank you .
( Applause )
