Good morning !
Do you guys stay ?
They took my name , my name , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on the stage in Arabic ?
No one ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
Once upon a time , just before a young century , I was sitting in a restaurant with my friend and I was eating .
So I asked the question : Do you have a free food desert in Arabic ?
He looks at me strangely , thinks he &apos;s wrong .
He said , &quot; &quot; Syria ? ( English ) &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; The vulture &apos;s all about religion . &quot; &quot; He said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t know what they call it ? &quot; &quot; &quot; I know . &quot;
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; meaning , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; meaning . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word right ?
&quot; &quot; Come on , let &apos;s solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; Bye .
He was talking to me about three men , as he said to me , &quot; If this is the last girl in the world I would not see her . &quot;
What does &quot; &quot; meen &quot; &quot; mean in Arabic ?
A young boy who had made two words and placed a girl in exactly the same way .
How could he speak like this ?
That &apos;s the moment I started to think .
I got distracted by it .
Sure enough .
What is it that I have in my country that is worth sharing my language ?
Where does it happen ?
How did we get there ?
Now when we are here , there are so many people like me who reach that stage in their lives , where they routinely leave out everything that &apos;s going on in their past , just because they &apos;re so much fun and so mysterious .
Should I bring all my culture , my ideas , opinions and aspirations ?
Perhaps we have the most important battle saved in the stories of children .
Do they want to send me all the things that I learned in Arabic ?
To make them like that ?
How does this work ?
Despite all that , I tried to understand it .
I did not want to make that compassionate decision , as did that to me .
The Arabic language does not approach the needs of today .
It &apos;s not science , it &apos;s not science , it &apos;s language that we use in the universities , the language that we use everywhere we work , the language that we observe when we work on a curriculum , and it &apos;s certainly not the language that we prepare for the WHO .
If we do that , they will close our doors .
So where can I implement this ? We can ask all these questions !
So , you want us to use Arabic . So where do we go from there ?
It &apos;s a fact .
But there &apos;s another really important fact that we need to think about .
The Arabic mother tongue .
Research tells us that in other languages , we need to translate that into our mother &apos;s language .
In other languages , the intrinsic language is the basic unit of mother language .
How ?
The German cell type , when he first started writing , was the Arab Spring .
All his thoughts , imaginations and philosophy were influenced by this young boy in the village where he grew up , felt a sense of wonderment , a sense of awareness , and a sense of wonderment .
Once they started writing English , they had enough material .
Even when they wrote in English , when you read their English texts , you felt the same sense of urgency , the same sense of urgency .
You can imagine that these are also the same scripts in English , this little girl standing in the front lines , holding it in a canvas .
So , here &apos;s an example that no one can do .
Second , it &apos;s often said that if you want to kill a nation , the only way to kill a nation is to kill its language .
It &apos;s a fact that &apos;s emerging societies .
Germany , France , Japan and China all over the world .
That &apos;s why they legalize their language .
They make it sacred .
That &apos;s why they use it in portfolio , they spend a lot of money on dissemination and consumption .
Do we know better ?
Okay , we &apos;re not from the developed world , this developed mindset that we haven &apos;t yet reached , and we want to reach the developing world .
They went to countries that were just like us , but decided to try to develop , to research , to go to countries , like Turkey , entrepreneurs , etc . , they brought their language to their ranch as if they were climbing stairs .
They brought it closer .
Because if you buy products of Turkey or Wheel and don &apos;t write on it , it &apos;s not local manufacturing .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
And they will be entitled in these offices , unknown consumers , as we are .
So to create new inventions and applications , they needed to maintain their language .
If I say , &quot; &quot; Dark , automation , freedom , &quot; &quot; what does that remind you ?
What would you understand ?
No matter who , how and where .
Languages are not just about talking , words are just about us .
Language is a sign of the very same set of levels of our lives , and the words that are connected from our feelings .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Self , autonomy , freedom , &quot; &quot; each and every one of you has a unique set of emotions in your brain , has special feelings for a given day in history .
Language is not the name of multiplying one or two or three words .
It &apos;s an internal notion that depends on how we think , and how we see each other and how we see ourselves .
What does our minds do ?
How would you know that or not ?
So if I say , &quot; &quot; Freedom , sovereignty , independence , &quot; &quot; or if your daughter comes to you and says , &quot; Dad , do you have lived through the period of the freedom ? &quot;
How would you feel ?
If you don &apos;t see a problem , then I get better and I don &apos;t spend much time talking about unemployment .
The thing is , these effects remind us of a special thing .
A friend of mine , a French speaker , had a French speaker .
I was asking him recently .
He said , &quot; &quot; Everything is fine , but once , I tried to convince his husband and translate it one night to what it means to be &quot; &quot; reconciliation . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) An anonymous woman , she got it wrong , and then all night she tried to understand it .
He wondered , how could someone be so suspicious ?
Do they want to self-destruction ?
&apos;Bury me . &apos; ( Laughter ) This is one of a few examples .
It made us realize that she doesn &apos;t understand the word for her husband , because she can &apos;t understand , and she is right ; she &apos;s a different way of thinking about it .
He said to me , &quot; &quot; He , he listens to me on the floor , and one night , I tried to translate it to him to feel what I feel when I hear the floor . &quot; &quot; The beauty woman tried to translate it : &quot; &quot; I have raised my hand and you have taken it . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And SM : And because you are me , I put my hand up and you leave . ( Laughter
She translates . She points to me .
( Applause ) So , what did we do for the blessing of the Arabic language ?
We changed it into a social norm , and we started with the Arabic language conservation campaign .
While many people said to me , &quot; &quot; Why are you struggling ?
Leave what &apos;s cold , slow down . &quot; &quot; No problem !
The Arabic language Protection campaign heard a saying , &quot; I talk to you from the east , but you answer the West . &quot;
We didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; No ! We don &apos;t accept it . Don &apos;t spot it in this language . &quot; &quot; We haven &apos;t adopted this approach because in this way , we haven &apos;t understood it .
And if anyone says to me , I hate in Arabic .
We say — ( Applause ) We want to change our situation , and we want to be resilient in a way that reflects our dreams , our dreams and our daily lives .
It &apos;s a letter that is just the same as us and the same as us .
So this title says , &quot; &quot; I talk to you from the East , but you &apos;ll respond to the West . &quot; &quot; Remember the right sign .
It &apos;s very simple but efficient and efficient .
Later on , we started another campaign with the landscape of the letters on Earth .
You see an example out there , in a context with the letter black and the blue , with the text message , &quot; Kill the language . &quot;
Why ? Well , don &apos;t kill your language .
We really should not kill our language .
If we destroy our language , we must lower our perceptions .
We have to find a reality for ourselves .
We need to go back to the beginning .
And it &apos;s a great opportunity to play games , modern-day and religious .
Later on , we found Arab girls and girls taking pictures of themselves .
Kole models of boys and girls .
We &apos;re pretty cool .
And if someone says , &quot; &quot; Yes ! You used the English word ! &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll say , &quot; &quot; No ! I &apos;ve read the word &quot; &quot; School &quot; &quot; on its own . &quot; &quot; They want to make a doubt about it , but I have to say a word that &apos;s so good and equal to reality .
I &apos;m not going to say , &quot; &quot; Internet , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going around the corner of the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Because it &apos;s not money , we don &apos;t have to give up on ourselves .
But to get to that point , we all need to be convinced that we &apos;re not going to allow anyone to open up or to realize that we have control over language , putting pressure on us , putting pressure on our patients and thinking .
Our idea is to create .
So , if we can &apos;t reach the stove or refine the rocket , then we can be creative .
At this point , every single one of you is a creative project .
You have a way to create a mother tongue .
Let &apos;s start with this .
They &apos;re a Nano writer or a short film .
Only once again can we find ourselves on a global level .
He can bring another Arabic language to the first level .
Well , it &apos;s not true that there is no solution ; there is a solution .
But we have to know , and we have to be sure that the solution is there , part of the solution .
By the way , what can you do today ?
Which of you are Twitter ?
By the way , I reject you , even though , my time has passed , or Arabic , English , France , Chinese .
But the data , the Arabic script doesn &apos;t speak to Arabic .
( Applause ) It &apos;s marketing ! It &apos;s no language .
You go into a virtual world with a mathematical language .
It &apos;s not easy to get back from there .
That &apos;s the first thing we can do .
Second , we can do a lot more .
We &apos;re not here today to judge one another .
We &apos;re here to enjoy the need of this language .
Now let me tell you a secret .
A child , for the first time , detects his father through language .
When my daughter was born , I won &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s your dad , ya . &quot; &quot; I won &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s your dad , honey , &quot; &quot; and I left my daughter &apos;s light in the marketplace , if she says to me , &quot; &quot; Thank you . &quot; &quot; So I said , &quot; &quot; Dis , thank you , Mom , &quot; &quot; won &apos;t say .
And it is not expected that nobody will hear it . ( Applause ) You get this culture of shelter . ( Applause )
I speak a little English lesson to him so that he reminds us that our presence is no secret , that it &apos;s only through the negative circumstances that make me angry , that even if you saw me not wearing a bank , that we have seemed to have serious inequities , that we don &apos;t have to leave our generation up until they &apos;re celebrating our generation when they &apos;re consistent
( Applause )
I love chocolate dots .
In college , my primary attorney was a organ , which meant I had to write more document .
Now , the average person , when they write something , has something to do with it .
You know ... ( Laughter ) Maybe you &apos;re going to do it sooner , but in the first week , there &apos;s a lot more work and a lot more work later , everything &apos;s done , but it &apos;s okay . ( Laughter )
And I &apos;d like to do that too .
That &apos;s my approach .
Things are going to be OK , but actually the text message is going to come on , and then I &apos;m going to do something like that .
( Laughter ) And this is what happens with every teacher .
And then there &apos;s a whole new paper published , a paper which you do in a year .
And I knew that my standard speed wasn &apos;t bad enough .
That was a big deal .
I organized a plan , I decided I would do something like this .
This is how this year is going to go .
I &apos;m going to start with a little bit of a work , a little bit in the middle months , a little bit faster , and eventually I &apos;m going to add it up to just like a puzzle .
How hard is it to get older ?
No big deal , right ?
Then there was a funny thing .
A few months ago ?
He came and went , and I can &apos;t do anything else .
So we came up with a great plan .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then he went away , and I hadn &apos;t written anything , and we had some .
And two months went by , two weeks went by .
And then I went one day and I spent three days in the Dutch , and I still didn &apos;t write a word , and then I did what I could do in 72 hours , and I wrote down 90 pages , did two streets , and people didn &apos;t have to go on two streets — people were walking on a regular campus , spending a lot of time on the Internet , and I did that .
I thought , this is it .
A week later , I got a call and she was from school .
And they said , &quot; &quot; Do you jam ? &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Yes . &quot; &quot; We want to talk to you . &quot; &quot; I said , &quot; &quot; Okay . &quot; &quot; And they said , &quot; &quot; Just look at it today , that &apos;s great .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) I wasn &apos;t sure . ( Laughter )
He was too nauseous . ( Laughter )
I wanted to be excited by that moment , when all of you were thinking , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
No , no , they &apos;re very handsome .
Well , today I &apos;m blogging .
&quot; &quot; I write blogs , &quot; &quot; but why ?
A few years ago , I started writing about lists .
My reading always hurts six people , and I wanted to tell six people what &apos;s happening inside the brain and why we are .
Now my hypothesis is is that the brain makes a difference between six people and six people .
To find out that I made a leaf where I could truly transplant brain lesions like these two brains and have chest brains , so I could compare them .
And I &apos;m actually here to show you .
I want you to look really carefully and say , there was a difference .
I know if you &apos;re not a teacher , that &apos;s not so explicit , but consider this .
So this is a six-person brain .
( Laughter ) Now ...
This is my brain .
( Laughter ) It makes a difference .
There &apos;s a decade ahead in both of the brain , but the rest of the human brain is involved in fun .
Now , what does this mean for a server ?
It means everything &apos;s good until it &apos;s gone .
&#91; &quot; &quot; Workforce is the best time to win . &quot; &quot; &#93; &#91; Yes ! &#93; The black man will make a decision to make a point , but he doesn &apos;t like this plan , so he picks up the program , and he says , &quot; &quot; Keep the page of the chocolate page . &quot; &quot; The candle of the chandal , because I know it &apos;s just happened .
( Laughter ) Then — ( Laughter ) Then we go to the police , and lo and behold , there was something new in 10 minutes ?
After that , you &apos;ll see YouTube , which will start talking about the race of the TED audience , and much later on , it will end up watching television for Mother Nature .
( Laughter ) It will take a little while , so it won &apos;t take much time to do anything else today .
Sorry ! ( Laughter ) Now , what &apos;s happening here ?
Now this isn &apos;t the foundation of compassion that you want to give to .
It just wants to be in the present moment .
It understands the unimaginable future , and it &apos;s only about two things : compassion and mercy .
In the animal world , that &apos;s all well .
If you can and you spend your entire life going forward , you &apos;re pretty successful !
( Laughter ) And to make this , there &apos;s a generation of animals .
Great food , good food , and more generation , maybe this is what &apos;s happening in rural areas .
But if you don &apos;t pay attention , it &apos;s not too far off .
We are an advanced civilization , and we don &apos;t even know .
That &apos;s why we have another person in our brain , a decision-maker , who makes us capable of doing something that no other animal can do .
We can think about the future .
We are blowing away .
We make big projects .
And he &apos;s thinking about all of these things .
And all we want to do is make us happy .
Sometimes it seems just the right thing to do , that the easiest and the exciting thing to eat , sleep or the opportunity to be frightened of the opportunity .
So there &apos;s a problem .
Sometimes it does .
And sometimes it seems overwhelmingly true to do what &apos;s difficult , for a larger purpose .
And this is the planet Saturn .
And for the Sister people , this contradiction always reaches the end , spending more time in the tipping up , a simple and mysterious way that for hundreds of thousands of people out of the room .
I call this a sacred place .
( Laughter ) The Dark Ages are the place where the Soviet people are so familiar with .
There &apos;s employment at the time when employment shouldn &apos;t be documented .
In the Dark Ages , what you find in the Dark Ages is actually not a mess , because they &apos;re not your right , they &apos;re the cosmic sense of crime , of fear , of insecurity , and they &apos;re all the characteristics of hatred out there .
The question is , in this way , when the outbreak goes down , how do the rest of us get into the ocean , which is a place of least happiness but important ?
It turns out that the Sistine people also have a protection agent , whenever they protect them at all times in their dark moments — somebody mentioned it at home .
( Laughter ) Now this house , which is mostly comfortable , but when the download comes online , it becomes comfortable or then vulnerable to the threat of embarrassment in front of people , sharing or scary results .
And the key thing is that the product only works like this .
Now , I had this connection with my life , because six months ago , TED people called me and asked me to speak at TED .
( Laughter ) Apparently , I went there .
My dream was to join TED in the past .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) But between my rogue brains , something else was happening inside the brain that was decision-making .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; Did you understand anything ?
Do we know what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
We need to start working on it now . &quot; &quot; When the leader said , &quot; &quot; I agree . &quot; &quot; But why don &apos;t you Google and look at the map of India at the bottom 20 feet , we will only do the map of India when we don &apos;t look at all of India , and feel good about India . ( Laughter ) So that day we did . ( Laughter )
After six months , after two and a half months , people at TED decided to celebrate the name of burqa .
I downloaded the web , and there was a photograph of me holding it .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) The house is under control , and within seconds the whole system reveals itself to the head . ( Laughter )
And remember the winner — he &apos;s scared of the house — he jumps to the tree !
Finally , and finally , long-term decision-makers complained and can start talking .
Now the homeowner who plays the test drives up every category , someone like me would give a couple of weeks , and the beginning of the session can &apos;t write , and then , amazingly , does the unbelievable lesson of function go up all night and write .
And the accumulation of three keys at this point — it &apos;s what &apos;s called the system of the Sistine people .
It &apos;s not very nice ; it &apos;s not linear .
And a few years ago , I decided to write a blog about it .
When I wrote this , it surprised me on the side of it .
I actually got thousands of emails from all over the world and from people , from all kinds of different backgrounds .
They included nurses , nurses , engineers , penetrants , and massively transmitted CDs .
( Laughter ) And pretty much everything was saying and saying , &quot; I am also faced with this issue . &quot;
What surprised me was the number of emails and reporters of emails .
These people were lying in waiting for the mailbox to write about how much Susan did in her life , about what she did .
I thought about it , and I said , well , if the system works , what &apos;s the problem ?
Why are they all in the dark ?
Well , it turns out there are two types of sequence on the list .
So today , for example , as I mentioned , all of their data is online .
And when the data is online , recent crime rate goes down , because home is reaching down .
But there &apos;s another kind of below the surface , and it doesn &apos;t correlate with any data link .
So if you want a profession that you start with as an arts or a businessman — something like a rocket or a business , until you start paying attention to the vehicle , keeping your eyes on the prize .
Also at work , there are many other things that the DOLEs don &apos;t have , like accessing your family , learning , understanding your health , understanding your relationships , getting smarter and smarter and smarter .
Now , if the only way you can do a job is to crack the scaffold , it &apos;s very difficult , because all of this data that you put into place is lying to the house .
It doesn &apos;t have anything to do . The latest implications are that you cannot take them , they &apos;re always with you .
And it &apos;s a kind of profound metaphor for the kind of profound regret that &apos;s far less learned and far less talked about than conventional stewardship , contemplating serious seriousness .
You &apos;re making recordings of rage and experience .
And this could be the driver of the Taliban and the background .
So I thought that &apos;s why they &apos;re emailing , and that &apos;s why they &apos;re in the news .
They &apos;re not designed for anyone .
The Toyal Mastery system has watched them , sometimes in their lives .
Sadly , they cannot pursue their dreams , because they cannot contribute .
I read all the email and it showed one thing — I think six people don &apos;t exist .
I think all of you are .
Well , you might not have a very complicated situation , some of us — ( Applause ) — and maybe some of you have good relationships with live TV , but keep in mind when there &apos;s no digital link .
Now I want to leave you with one last thought .
I call it the career of life .
Every block represents a week , it &apos;s a new year .
These aren &apos;t very many boxes , especially when some of them are suggested .
I think we all need to go to the blackboard .
We need to think about what we &apos;re doing in the future , because there &apos;s no time in every single life .
We need to be careful .
We all need it .
And we don &apos;t have that same house on there , so maybe we should just start .
Not anymore , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Skin .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Eight days of the U.S. and Afghanistan , an accent of eight days of the U.S. and Afghanistan was leaving a neighborhood in Afghanistan , leaving a region of Afghanistan to help to provide an official government official government official , so that Afghan government could be helped to secure an official government official , so that Afghan government could be helped to provide a government official
The military doctor arrived at the headquarters of an accident , and he was surrounded by three men and a lot of things , and he watched as a child by the Cape Twin Towers as a child , and he watched as a child by the way to save and save the lives .
One of the Easy-Bake Oven people who know her children and she and a Spanish doctor were scratching the side of a helicopter , and she and she were scratching the side of a herbal bank .
Well it turns out that the captain Seventine and his spine are associated with this neutral matrix that &apos;s found in the heat .
They put it into helicopter and then you see the captain tailoring the captain and licking stones before they let each other save .
I looked at it and asked myself , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? These are very depressing emotions when you want to do something like this .
There is a love and I knew why it is that I work with people who are not .
You know , you go to the polls to people who are yearning to experience yourself in a way that benefits others .
In business , we give bonuses to people who want to experience other people in ways that make us useful .
We have an electronic calculus !
So I asked myself , where do these people come from ?
And my initial result was that they were better people .
That &apos;s why they hop across the pond .
These are the best people who are left behind by the imagination of services .
But that &apos;s completely wrong .
I &apos;ve learned that it &apos;s an environment , and if you have a dense network , each of us has the potential to work together , so that each and every one of us has the potential to work together and make it bigger so that we have the potential to do this in others .
I have the greatest privilege of meeting with some people like this , and we said yesterday , I have the greatest privilege of meeting with some of these people , and we said yesterday , &quot; Why do you put yourself in danger to save other people ? &quot;
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said one thing : &quot; Because they do it to me too . &quot;
It &apos;s a sense of trust and collaboration .
So trust and collaboration are critical .
The hard thing to believe and to cooperate is that these are emotions , not victims .
That &apos;s not how you say , &quot; &quot; Stand me , &quot; &quot; and you do it .
It &apos;s not possible that I give two people the chance to collaborate and do this .
It doesn &apos;t work that way . It &apos;s an emotion .
So where does this aspiration come from ?
If you go further back 50,000 years ago , at the very beginning of the Homo sapiens , what we see is that the world is facing a dangerous world , all the verses that are facing us badly .
There &apos;s no personal matter .
Dreading is a phenomenon which can be reduced by a long-term database , but together , it &apos;s all working to reduce the pace of our life , and it &apos;s all working to reduce the pace of life .
And therefore , we were ready in the form of social animals where we gathered and gathered together to create a sacred caste , as in a tribe where we felt our personal connection .
And when we felt secure in ourselves , we were broken and we were in a natural reaction .
It has continuous benefits .
It means I can sit and check at night and see some of the risks in my neighborhood .
If we don &apos;t drive each other . &quot; &quot; If I don &apos;t drive you , it means you &apos;re not going to look at the risks .
It &apos;s a system for the rest .
The modern distance is exactly the same .
This world is fueled by risk , things that are struggling to make our lives difficult , or attempts to make our lives less successful .
It can lead to a very high degree of justice in the stock market .
It could be a new technology that pulls your business crumbs into a single night , it could be a new technology that will stop you from entering your business crumbs one night .
Or you could have a fight that you sometimes try to run .
It &apos;s sometimes about trying to get you out of business , but at least it reminds you that your risks and your businesses are trying to drive you out of business , it &apos;s about stopping your risks and your businesses are trying to drive you out .
We have no control over these powers .
It &apos;s a continuous thing , and it will never end .
The only driver of change is the conditions within an organization , and that &apos;s where the mathematics is , because that &apos;s what defines the direction .
When a leader elects to preserve the lives of the people in her organization and the lives of the people in her organization helps to protect and save lives of the people in her organization and make sure that they experience their peace and false outcomes so that people can experience their peace and false outcomes so that people can feel and feel secure and feel their own personal relations so that they can see things .
I was on a holiday trip , and I noticed a fact that when a passenger attempted to enter it before he found it , and I noticed the staff on the doorway that he was walking to the door just like he was crying .
One of the first things I tried to walk on was this : One of the first times I tried to walk on it .
So I said something .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you keep washing machines like us ?
Why can &apos;t you just sit around like us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And soon he gave me the exact same answer .
She does not trust her leaders .
The reason we love the way we travel to the Western Airlines is not because they &apos;re putting highest people on the job .
That &apos;s because they don &apos;t give up their leaders .
You see , if conditions are present , we spend our time and our strength keeping you safe from each other , we spend our time and our strength keeping you safe from each other , and therefore release the organization .
What is a great leader , and I can give you the best example of what it means to be a good parent , and the best example of what it means to be a parent is to be a parent .
If you think about what a good parent is like , what do you want ? What creates a good parent ?
We want to give our kids opportunities , education , discipline and record , when it &apos;s necessary , we want to give our children the opportunities , education , organization and record , when it &apos;s needed , to give them more credit so that we can do what we can do for ourselves .
That &apos;s what good leaders want .
They want to give their people opportunities , education , discipline and record , when it &apos;s necessary , they want to give their people the opportunities , education , logic , record , when it &apos;s needed , they want to give them the chance to create self-esteem and failure so that they can achieve more advancements than we &apos;ve ever imagined , so that they can achieve more advancements than ever imagined .
Charles Kim , who is CEO of a tech firm in New York City called Next Jump , a tech firm in New York City called Next Jump , a tech firm CEO , and he said , if you have a tough time in your family , will you ever let your child go ?
We will never do that .
So how do we get people out of our organizations and then how do we get people out of our organizations ?
Charles has understood the practical impossibility of tasks , and Charles has understood the practical impossibility of tasks .
If you &apos;re a Next Jump , you don &apos;t get a job on the basis of efficiency .
Instead , if you have a problem , they &apos;re going to lead you and help you , much like we would do for a kid who goes to school to take the C and go home .
It &apos;s completely different .
That &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers are sitting at CEOs , and that &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers are sitting at CEOs , because so many people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers are sitting at CEOs , whose purpose is to be more stressed and more courageous .
This is not data .
They have broken the basic principle of arithmetic .
They &apos;ve grown an open society .
We know that they have given their loved ones by suppressing their loved ones by their own people , and we know that they have given their loved ones by suppressing their loved ones by the way they have told them to honor their loved ones by the way they have told them they have convinced themselves .
It &apos;s something that compares us to data , not data .
Can anybody guess what it is that the government was spending 150 million dollars ?
Why not give teachers 250 million dollars ?
Is there a problem with that ? Absolutely not . Absolutely not .
Great leaders will never sacrifice people to save data .
Great leaders will never sacrifice people to save data .
Instead , they &apos;ll give people skin data to save , but they &apos;ll give people skin data to save .
In the Bush Administration , a mining firm called Bachievement ement ement ement ement ement ement ement , a mining firm called Barry Wehmiller in 2008 , who was the head of marketing and was 30 percent of their drivers down the road in the night .
Now in a large mining company , that &apos;s a huge problem and they can &apos;t afford to buy their shoes any longer .
They needed 10 million dollars of children , and so many of today &apos;s companies were able to gather and do the right thing .
And Bob respond to it .
You see , the Baakir genie is not believed .
Instead , the baby boomers believe in cheating , and it &apos;s much more difficult to reduce the symptoms and to reduce the symptoms .
And then they developed a personal program .
that every single employee , from CEO , had to take their employees four weeks to go downstairs without electricity .
They could never do that if they wanted to , and they didn &apos;t follow .
But just as Bob mentioned the program , it &apos;s very important .
He said , it &apos;s better that all of us would be saving a little bit of damage to some of us , having a lot of damage and a lot of stress .
So they put 20 million dollars into this facility , and most importantly , as you might expect , when people feel secure from an organization , they have a natural responsibility for trust and collaboration .
And basically , as nobody expected , people started trading off each other .
The more successful they were doing business with less successful people .
It means something which licensed five sentences to get someone else just three weeks .
Gravity is a misfit , not a pass .
I know a lot of people who are at the very best in terms of organizations , and I know a lot of people who are at the very best in terms of organizations that are not leaders at all .
They are private citizens , and we do what they say , because we get them to vote , but we don &apos;t follow them .
And I know a lot of people from all walks of organizations who don &apos;t have any authority , and they &apos;re real leaders , and that &apos;s because they have a viewing authority to the left , and that &apos;s because they have committed to looking at the person on the left , and they have consent to look at the person on the right , and they have committed to look at the person on the right .
It &apos;s a leader .
I heard a story about a few scientists that were out in the theater , and as philosophy is a way to eat honey and she feeds her men first , and when she eats , she doesn &apos;t save anything .
And when he came back into the field , his men gave him some food from his food so he could eat because that &apos;s what &apos;s happening .
We tell them the leaders to follow .
We call them leaders because they risk someone else first , we call them leaders because they risk someone first .
We call them leaders because they choose to be preserved so that people can be preserved , and we call them leaders because they choose to be preserved so that people can be preserved for it , and we call them leaders because they choose to be pro-voice , so that people can be preserved and be preserved for it , and when we do so , natural responsibility is for our people to give us
He &apos;ll give us his bleeding and his bleeding and his lungs to see if his leader &apos;s dream is reality , and when we ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why can you bring your blood and your spine and you can bring it to this man ? &quot; &quot; So they all say the same thing : &quot; &quot; Because they do this for us too . &quot; &quot; And isn &apos;t that the organization that we &apos;re going to like to do everything ?
And isn &apos;t that the organization we &apos;re going to like to do everything ? &quot; &quot; And isn &apos;t that the organization we &apos;re going to like to do everything ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I grew up with a small story of the Limpopo , which is very well known as the Limpopo and the Mpumalanga .
Where the supply of water and shelter is much uncertain , such as the mosquito , and it &apos;s very difficult to grow up in these conditions at the age of 17 , I was sitting with friends in the winter sleeping room quietly .
The sun warms up in winter .
And as I was walking in the bush , my best friend said , &quot; &quot; Yes , why can &apos;t you create something that just touches the skin and doesn &apos;t have to be touched ? &quot; &quot; So I sat down , and I immediately said , &quot; &quot; Yes , I just went home , and I did some research and I found some amazing data .
Today , more than 2.5 billion people don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
Four hundred and a half million of them are in South Africa , and there &apos;s only one in South Africa .
Different diseases assault the environment , one of the most dangerous of which is called the tragedy .
One of the reasons why the Trachoma is so widespread is because of the spread of the tragedy that you can see on a regular basis .
This disease kills millions of people every year , and one of the scariest things is that you only have to give up on a trachoma : no choice , no farms , no engineering .
After looking at the data from Afghanistan , I thought , &quot; &quot; Okay , I &apos;m not just doing it for myself , and not only doing it , but I &apos;m doing it for less because I want to protect the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Then , a month later , I got some 623 mobile phones from my head — because I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a Internet broadband , I went to Google , did some research on Wikipedia
And I looked at this as a very special problem .
So , Mike &apos;s right , we &apos;re ready .
Now we need to make this happen .
Four years later , and after I wrote my patent on the mobile phone in 40 page , I &apos;m the youngest patent owner in the country and — ( &quot; &quot; Not anymore ! &quot; &quot; ) — I can &apos;t say that anymore . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first slum .
You just put it on your skin , and you don &apos;t need buttermilk .
( Laughter ) So in addition to trying to influence this in the high school and limited resources , which I had , the Middle East came in with a few new people , did this extra job , and now we have an entire epidemic of impact , which is ready for the market , but now has access to the market .
We learned a few lessons from DryBath to commercialize and to people .
One of the things we learned was that poor people don &apos;t buy products at a large scale .
They just buy what you need . One person in Alex doesn &apos;t buy a jar of cigarettes . They buy a ticket every day , because it just takes more money .
So we created DryBath in these creative blocks .
You put it between you and the outside .
And the cool thing is , a simple one is exchanged only in five ways .
After the invention of this model , we also learned a lot about the waste of products .
We even want DryBath to be able to get in there with preschoolers — ( Laughter ) at least once a week .
However , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water on average , whenever they leave the house and we could save two homes for children in those areas , two more homes , more homes for two more homes , two more homes for the school .
After watching this global impact , we take away our key values , our security and our series .
DryBath is the service of a rich man and a life of a poor man .
We &apos;re entering this project in process , now we &apos;re actually entering a period of marketing that can bring it to the retail market , and one question that I &apos;m going to share with you today is , on the left-hand corner of the Limpopo , we &apos;re going to launch a 50th anniversary with an elephant in a week that doesn &apos;t have to ruin the world .
What &apos;s going on ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t finished , I haven &apos;t finished .
And more importantly , I learned a lot in the process , which was last year Google announced me as the world &apos;s most young people .
I &apos;m also the world &apos;s greatest student entrepreneur , the first African who is going to take this account , and one of the things that surprised me most is why this whole month did not want to be picked up . Thank you .
( Applause )
Well , interestingly , I &apos;m here today to share with you some of the discoveries that surprised me and I also wondered what are the key reasons why organizations succeed , which are why they are so basic in their initial success .
I believe that donor agencies are the best way to make this world a better place .
If you select a group of people with the desire to equality waste and organize them in the beginning , you will find the human potential that it was never possible before .
You &apos;ll see them make the impossible possible .
But why is it that , if initial organizations are so great , why is it that so often failure ?
That &apos;s why I wanted to understand .
I wanted to know what was the most important thing for success in the beginning .
I wanted to know a lot of organizations about this , revealing a lot of my wrongful beliefs and misconceptions that came to me in the last few years .
I wanted to know this because I was building different businesses from the age of 12 , from the position of January High School to the cloud of Clouds , when I was making solar electronics , then to college , when I made a video .
I graduated from college , and I started a software company .
And 20 years ago , the idea started in Libya , in the last 20 years we have lowered more than 100 companies , and a lot of great failures .
We learned a lot about these failures .
I &apos;ve tried to convince entrepreneurs to tell you the greatest cause of success or failure in an organization .
So I looked at these five .
First of all , I think .
I think it &apos;s everything .
That &apos;s why I put the name of my company &quot; &quot; Idea Libra &quot; &quot; in the old sense that you felt about something .
Throughout that time , I thought perhaps the team , the walking ability or the walking ability , is more important than I thought .
I never thought that visitors would show up at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; There &apos;s a plan for everybody , until I need one . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
It &apos;s important to emphasize the ability of a team to peer from the side of a car .
It &apos;s a false reality .
That &apos;s why I thought that perhaps the team is the most important thing .
So I started looking at the business model .
Does an organization have an explicit policy about income ?
And it seemed to me that this was the most important thing for success .
So think about investment .
Sometimes companies get a big investment .
Could it be the most important one ?
Sure afterwards , right ?
The idea came very quickly , and the world wasn &apos;t set for it ?
It &apos;s quick , so you &apos;re going to come and teach the world ?
Is that true ?
Or is it too late , and already has more aggression ?
So I appreciated these five factors in a lot of different organizations .
And the idea was to take over 100 companies from the Libya , 100 companies from the outside to try to find out what was the scientific result .
So first of these ideas on Libra companies , the first five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goods , NetZero , Tickets.com — they &apos;re all available for dollars .
And at the lower level , five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — were very hopeful for us , but not very successful .
So I tried to target all these qualities , as I thought they had made progress in these terms .
Then onto offshore companies from Libya , I saw strange breakthroughs like Airbnb and Instagram and Uber and Youtube and LinkedIn .
Lesson number two : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com Flooz and Frindster .
Next companies had a very low investment , and sometimes they had a market model , but they couldn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to understand that the worst effect of all of these companies was the success and failure , and the result surprised me .
The first thing was choice of time .
Right now , 42 percent represents the difference between success and failure .
The team and the team are on another number , and then the idea , being different , remembering , is actually number three .
But it &apos;s actually not obvious , not that the idea doesn &apos;t matter , but looking at it and it occurred to me that belief is not the most important thing .
Sometimes it &apos;s more important when it &apos;s time .
Finally , business model and investment in my mind .
I think the market model needs to get worse , because you can do it without a market model , and then , as the consumer product grows , add it .
And investing , if initially , is less investing but it is growing , particularly today , investing is very easy .
I &apos;m going to give you some examples of all of these notes .
Take the big success of Airbnb , which everybody knows .
Now , this company had taken notice of a lot of investors because people thought , well , who &apos;s going to put any of your stuff on the line ?
Of course , that was the wrong test .
One reason is because of the success of the mosquito , the best market model , the idea , and the market model tells you the right time .
This company came in front of the financial challenges when people needed additional support , and surely helped people respond to the failure of putting a call in their home .
That &apos;s Uber .
Uber came in , the best company , the best market model , the best imaginer .
However , the time was absolutely right to make the drivers who needed it .
Dreaders also had aspirations for additional income ; they needed it .
Some achievements , like Citysearch , came when people needed a web page .
The Goto.com , which we published in 1998 here at TED , was when companies wanted to look above the screens .
We thought it was the best of times , but actually , it was probably the right time .
And then some failures .
We started Z.com , which is an online enterprise .
We were so excited about it — working with a lot of colleagues and a wonderful business model , working with great thinkers from the Hole in the Wall .
From 1999 to 2000 , the broadband was much lower .
Online video was very difficult , you didn &apos;t know what to do in your browser , and finally this company reached its end in 2003 .
Just two years later , when the problem was solved by Adobe Flash and more than 50 percent in the United States of America , YouTube was at its best .
Great , good time .
As it turns out , YouTube has no business model .
They didn &apos;t believe it was going to work .
But he was the best of times .
So to cut a long story short , perception is really important .
Idea is so important .
But perhaps time is critical .
And the best way to estimate time is to see if the actual goods are ready for your wedding .
And the real security thing is , those outcomes don &apos;t come out of frustration , because if you like something , you want to keep it going , but you have to work very reliably in terms of time .
As we said before , institutions can change the world , they can create a better place .
I hope some of them will help you make your progress better , and then the world may not be the other way around .
Thank you very much , all of you .
( Applause )
&#91; &quot; &quot; On April 3 , 2016 , we looked at the biggest data shopping in history &#93; &#91; Fifteen papers pointed to rich and powerful people &#93; &#91; lay a lot of money into non-market companies &#93; &#91; What does that mean ? &#93; &#91; We took the Rabbit of the Global Ventures to introduce the Rabbits . &#93; &#91; This week , the revolution was the focus of storyt@@
Since the Panama Papers , these papers have pointed to small bits of the hidden shell companies .
We have chosen the inner stories of villages , banks and schools , who are going through these fundraising forms , and said , &quot; &quot; Okay , we need a company , can you give us ? &quot; &quot; You can actually see emails , you can see transdermal messages , you can see a way to do that , how they work .
It &apos;s beginning to show up .
The president of Iceland has been famous .
We &apos;ve also heard that conservation companies from all over Alaska are nuclear fusion companies .
The employment of two billion dollars goes to the main source of the Ross County , his childhood friend , a famous sitcom .
And a lot of rich people are going to be polluted and the stories that come along are going to be more secret filters than are going to be homes .
Now that sounds like a magic trick or a violation story with me .
What should we do with it ?
But the truth is that the generous and the powerful people sit in search of their pain and the more they shouldn &apos;t be giving it a taxi , meaning that affordable achievements like advanced access to health and education .
And this affects all of us .
For my organization , it &apos;s a surprising discovery .
global media and political leaders are talking about how people have shared their influence in the fashion companies that we talk about .
I think this is a really cool world for people , and it &apos;s very hard to understand that smart companies work .
I think it &apos;s like traffic lights .
You can log in to another company within a company , one company in a company , almost impossible to figure out who is behind this .
It &apos;s hard for institutions to rationalize taxes , journalists , schools and schools to understand what &apos;s happening .
I think it &apos;s interesting that we haven &apos;t talked about this in the U.S.
Maybe it &apos;s because the majority of Americans don &apos;t have to be in that hallway .
Now this doesn &apos;t mean that there aren &apos;t rich people in America who don &apos;t invest in Robin Hood .
It &apos;s because Roosevelt is a way of assembling companies , a few in the U.S.
I think if we look at the discoveries of Cameroonland , or Delhi Wabir , or Huxley , or Neanderthals , the ones that correlate with the United States .
Instead , a lot of Americans don &apos;t have to give that much information , you need less information to buy a company than you do with a library card .
This kind of information is given to kids in U.S. schools .
Nine billion dollars of this put into place is easy .
This kind of reminder affects all of us .
Now in the Gulf Ventures , we wanted to see how this machine works .
How does this work ?
So what we did was , we smuggled a branch and we smuggled across 13 tuna legal companies .
Our department as an African minister wanted to move to the homeless America , a house , a ship and a place to buy .
The heartbreaking thing was that all of the girls had to give a guess at the same time to predict how to move the lightbulbs .
These were all early meetings , and we had no choice but to give a voice to someone , and we didn &apos;t give a money , but that was the destruction of the system .
It &apos;s also important not to treat it as individual goods .
It &apos;s not about individual wealth that talked about our hidden assumptions and our biases .
It &apos;s not just about a senior politician who got stuck in the mall .
It &apos;s a system that works , that &apos;s Texas , that protects lighting , poverty and injustice .
And in order to do that , we have to change the game .
We &apos;re going to change the rules of the game to make it harder to come up with these kinds of situations .
It can be awesome , as we can &apos;t do anything about it , we can never change it , so rich and powerful people are always going to be .
But as a positive person , I think something will change .
Over the past few years , we have been leapfrog to cleanup where the capabilities of a company are met .
This issue was launched on the political agenda , but the British Prime Minister David Cameron actually launched at 8 o &apos;clock in the southern Ireland in 2013 .
And Europe is already forming Eve at the core of the global command , which is actually the country of Europe or is controlling who companies are .
What &apos;s interesting is that the I.S. is behind it .
Differences in the mapping of the federal law in the center and the Senate , which we didn &apos;t want to make as much progress as we wanted , so we were five .
We want to look at the innovations , the big secret of ROVs , used throughout the world and in the U.S.
This is a change in the Gulf Ventures .
There should be a burglar alarm for people who are following their knowledge of the Roman firms behind the Bishop Leader .
Remember , they sound , that &apos;s not good for sustainability , that &apos;s how we do it .
We need politicians to address this issue , and to lobby for legitimate change in access to information .
We can bring together a section of sexism that is responsible for the cutting and the bullying .
CA : Welcome , Julie .
It &apos;s said that Lexus , who invented you , has had so much of a notion in the last few years of records that are far more than all the media in the world .
Can it be true ?
Julie Sung : Yes , could it be true ?
It &apos;s a little bit of a mystery — isn &apos;t it ? — that the media of the world is showing us that worldwide media is capable of producing a small group of businesses to produce information that is far more than all the media in the world .
CA : What is that like ?
How do people recruit documents ?
And how do you maintain their resilience ?
Julie Sung : There are — I can tell you — public service providers right now , and we have so many ways to get this information to us .
So we use a lot of great watermarks to sort the materials from one place to the Internet , to somewhere else , to clean the signs to shift from legal contracts like Sweden and Bill &apos;s .
We collect data from data , from ordinary data , from Ram Shaheen or whatever , organizations like normal news organizations , frame — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about massive amounts of information to public and then protect yourself against the negative laws and political beliefs .
CA : So you have to make sure that the documents are real , but you actually never know what the tool is .
Julie Sung : That &apos;s right , where we sometimes get curious about it , and if we get caught up in a period of time , we quickly release the information .
( Ringing ) God bless her .
( Laughter ) CA : I think they &apos;re coming here and asking you what the code is , at TED . ( Laughter )
Here &apos;s an example , real .
This is something you invented a few years ago .
If we can look at it up .
So that was the story of Kenya a few years ago .
Can you tell us what you attacked and what happened next ?
Julie Sung : Yes , so this is child report .
This was a secret journalism that the government of Kenya prepared after the elections in 2004 .
Before 2004 , the government had over there for 18 years the Daniel Arab Spring .
She was a solid organ in Kenya .
And when the book was empowered — based on these intellectual properties , they tried to convince Kenya that they bought 20 million pounds of this report on the report and one other report .
And then the government was sitting at it and using it to counter their political will , which was the rich man — still the richest man in Kenya .
This is Jesus Christ for the Kenyan press .
This is why Kenema was born in 2007 , and we were able to achieve the very first election ever since December 2008 .
When we did that report , three days after we published that report , Kabash decided to volunteer to friend the man who was murdered by the Neil Harbor so that the report would eventually become divided into the dead end of Kabul .
CA : And — so I mean , to cut a long story short , it was — it came to Kenema , not from the factory farm , but from the mean generation , and it changed the result of your choice .
Julin Sung : Yes . This is the headline of Gaddafi , and then it spread across the entire country of Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
This is how it came from the outside .
And he , after a few days , promised the Kenyan press release to talk about it .
And this book was laid on television for 20 days in Kenya , and it changed the equivalent of 10 percent of the vote , based on an online petition report in Kenya , and it changed the game of choice .
CA : Wow , so that &apos;s how your secret experience changed the world ?
GG : Yes .
( Applause ) Chris Anderson : There . We &apos;re going to show you a little video of a hero baby .
It &apos;s live TV , but there &apos;s a little clip here .
This — I &apos;m going to play you a video of a heart attack .
RD : ... granny , when you touch them and you touch them .
I found that , uh-oh , there are four things with them .
The road is clear . Now it &apos;s okay . The gas is running .
When they &apos;re on your beach , let me tell you , go away .
Hello .
Glass !
( Machine noises ) Galen was running . Galen was running . ( Machine noises ) Galen was running .
Hatel — two Master &apos;s , two Hatzalah .
We should walk now , time is up .
Okay , now we took eight people .
So we &apos;re looking at two Hillel cutters , and we &apos;re looking at the cells .
Raleigh . They &apos;re on my shoulder .
Two six , that &apos;s two , we &apos;re on the grass .
Oh , sorry . What was going on ?
God bless you . Hi . Okay . Yeah , I killed them .
CA : So what &apos;s the effect ?
Julie Sung : People who worked on it had a big effect on it .
We ended up surveying two people .
It was the first of three texts that happened in that case .
CA : So there were 11 people in this story , right , two workers on the US Rights ?
Julie Sung : Yes ! Two street employees , two small children were killed .
In total , from 18 to 26 people died .
CA : And after his execution , there was a lot of anger .
What was its primary cause of destruction , you think ?
Julian Sanging : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the whole thing with power .
On the one hand , some people are walking in the street , and then a kilometer away , the U.S. Captain begins to scratch the surface of 30 miles per hour of anybody — any well-meaning — and the winds are also given to children .
There were two journalists who were no longer paper , because their profession was journalism .
Chris Anderson : According to the US Department of Defense , Brad Mining was arrested , and he said that he had acknowledged in Chet Rumi that he had murdered this video to you , 280,000 and legendary American documents as well .
Did it really happen ?
Julie Sung : So we decided to accept the documents .
It was labeled five days ago , which is 150,000 documents and 50 documents .
But we &apos;ve gone and turned it into a documentary at the start of the year in Ramayana and the United States of America , but it doesn &apos;t really matter .
I mean , I used to come to this safari house .
CA : I mean , if you gave thousands of papers to the American private house ...
Julie Sung : We &apos;ll take them . ( CA : Would you do it ? ) JL : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) JL : Because things like this show that actually , right now , what are the Arab states , actually pushing human rights into these states .
If you look at the hidden documents , these types of materials are in them .
CA : Let &apos;s just play around with it .
I mean , normally , what &apos;s your philosophy ?
Why is it that you store hidden information ?
Julian Sung : So the question is how important information is in the world , how powerful information can be .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
They &apos;re good indicators of how much money they &apos;re spending to keep organizations secure , so when you have to get the information out , you hope to do something good , because those organizations know better , and they know more about it , how to read it .
And that &apos;s what we found in the experiment . And that &apos;s the history of journalism .
CA : But are there risks for individually or collectively a broader society , where there are unexpected solutions ?
Julie Sung : We did not do what any documents they had .
I mean our big , dangerous profession .
We copy information in a very specific way — information that &apos;s intimate — with the information that &apos;s available to someone else .
But there &apos;s also some mythology — like your physician has your knowledge ; there &apos;s a magic secret — but we &apos;re talking about public services that come in and sit around with jihad .
CA : All right , so they &apos;re doing it with your gut reaction .
And what you &apos;re going to say about it , for example , is someone , a dad , a son , who is a son in the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve made an effect that some people like to invade other people .
It shows the American flag against people dying .
This influence — but it has made it possible for millions of people around the world to see the U.S. military troops .
Although they &apos;re not , my son is not , who would you say ? So what would you answer ?
Julie Sung : Here &apos;s how we get asked a lot of questions like this .
But remember in Baghdad , in Iraq , people in Afghanistan — you don &apos;t have to watch a video , so they watch it every day .
It doesn &apos;t matter what they think , it doesn &apos;t matter what they perceive .
Because they all see things every day .
It will change their feelings and their thinking that they provide for this , and this is our hope .
CA : OK , so you &apos;re hoping for what you think of as the hidden information of companies and governments .
That &apos;s great .
But isn &apos;t it that funny that in order to get this lightning , do you have to be able to hold the lightbulbs on your own ?
Julie Sung : Not at all . I mean , we &apos;re not all different cells .
We don &apos;t have the framework that surrounds other minds .
If they do this , it will be a very difficult situation for us , but we &apos;re doing it in a way that people are ethically comfortable with being honest about whether they &apos;re going to do it later on .
CA : I &apos;m just wondering , what have we noticed — this is to get the visibility out there .
You might also know that there will be different innovations about Lexus and the Gulf .
One is the hero of people who hope .
Or the problem .
What is the vision of Jerusalem ?
And what about the problem ?
Julie Sung : Oh ! Something should be going on .
CA : These are gorgeous people , brilliant people .
We have to try and do . Let &apos;s give them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t done yet , but I think you &apos;ve done this for TED .
There &apos;s a very interesting story , right ?
What is this ?
Julie Sung : This is a sample of what we do every day .
Last year — last November there were a lot of important Russians sitting in the banks , as the cells were in Mexico , but not that big .
And we got the Report Mile — which was a very nice experiment about it — where it was said that in fact , conservation companies were competing against oil companies , they put in there and they put in place .
And it included some brilliant government leaders , etc . , etc .
And there was nothing on that report . That was a very difficult thing for us .
We couldn &apos;t anticipate it because we didn &apos;t know who wrote and what it was about .
So we were wondering , perhaps this company has done all this in a game of competition .
That &apos;s what we did at the foundation , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
That material is so good , and it looks good to see , but we can &apos;t imagine it . &quot; &quot; So we had a letter one week from the apple that he wrote , which he wanted to analyze the device . ( Laughter ) They said , &quot; &quot; Well , we want to analyze the device . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , let &apos;s talk about it .
What are you talking about ?
Can you show that you actually have the money ?
Is this real you ? &quot; &quot; And then they took this lead that we see on Scripture with the name of the phaser , the microphone , with the DNA .
Yeah .
( Applause ) It happened a lot .
It &apos;s our way of reading and reimagining what the material is , and that is to try to write and get the letter from these people .
CA : All right . So how far do you get the information from the inside of the BBC ?
Julie Sung : Yes , we have so much , I mean , at this time , we &apos;re accumulating and precipitating just as much progress as possible .
Our desire to publish this in a few months has become somewhat useful because we improve our bureaucratic system because of the rare public waste that we have .
This is a spring .
I mean , just like any organization that &apos;s flourishing , we have a more powerful attitude towards ourselves because of our growth , and that means that we have a vast amount of public services available to us , but we don &apos;t have as many people to organize and anticipate all this information .
CA : So that &apos;s the real problem , fundamentally , why was it that journalists and journalists were able to dream ?
Julie Sung : Yes . And trustworthy people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s really hard to accelerate , because the materials that we have to deal with , we have to innovate so that we can bring together people who have a lot of sensitivity to work with the materials of the local economy , and then less sensitivity to business .
CA : All right , so you &apos;re going to tell us something about yourself and how you got to work .
And I think what I &apos;ve learned is that you went to 37 different schools as a child .
Is this true ?
Julie Sung : Yes , my parents were in the movies business , and then they moved away from the city , so that &apos;s why these two things had an impact .
( Laughter ) Chris Anderson : I mean a psychiatrist , so it &apos;s like , everything you put together can produce is intelligent .
Julie Sung : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just one of those kids , and you got to the workshop pretty early .
Julie Sung : Yes , so I was a journalist .
You know , I was a journalist from a very early age .
I wrote a letter , a boy in that moment , when this crime broke me down .
So you have to use the word to appreciate the sentence .
I mean — there &apos;s a way that different things can be used .
Sadly , at this time , it &apos;s only Russian mafia that has been used to clear your grandmother &apos;s bank account .
That &apos;s why this word , it &apos;s not very helpful anymore .
CA : Yeah , well , I don &apos;t think that you &apos;re a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but do you think about your core values ?
Can you tell us something about what they are and perhaps an event in their life that has helped them do this ?
Julie Sung : I don &apos;t believe in reality .
But the basic values : good , affordable , gifted people don &apos;t make fun ; they prepare them .
And that &apos;s the lesson I learned from my father and some other brilliant and heavy people who live in my life .
CA : Can brilliant and powerful people not generate masters ?
Julie Sung : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a jolly man , so I &apos;m not very good at development , but somehow — there &apos;s another way to raise the approval , which is approaching the police premium .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s been in my career for a very long time .
CA : So let &apos;s just say this in a short time : What happened in Iceland ?
Basically , you published something here , a bankrupt problem , and then the newspaper was told the story of the destruction of the situation .
Instead , they showed you your chance .
This led you to very famous Iceland . So what happened ?
Julie Sung : Yes , that &apos;s a great event . You know .
The Icelandic crisis is missing .
There was her strength .
The bank was growing 10 times larger than the GDP of the rest of the country .
Well , we did that report last year .
And the national telegraph surrounded by television about five minutes before it was published , like a movie : Instant Noor News Institute on Discover , and the state of New Reader was , &quot; Never happened to us . What do you do ? &quot;
So we just showed up the website , spent all that time , and we were very popular in Iceland , and I went to Iceland and talked about this problem .
And the elements of the people were there that shouldn &apos;t happen again , and as a result , as a result , from Shanghai Sri Lanka , a few other international experts , we named the law for a new kind of Icelandic Icelandic law , such as this open media , the most secure place for journalists all over the world , to bring about new Nobel prints .
A North country like Ice Land is like a North country , which means the system is heading up from the bottom .
And just one month ago , the Icelandic prime minister announced it profoundly .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julie .
When you look to the future , do you think there &apos;s more expected to show power and power , greater security , or are we looking at greater power , or is it going to lead to this ?
Julie Sung : I &apos;m not sure where the situation is going .
I mean , there &apos;s a lot of pressure to counter the law of liberty and the law of transparency , globally — between Europe , China and the U.S.
What &apos;s that tough to say ? That &apos;s hard to say .
So this is a really interesting time to live — because with a little effort , we can move from one side to the other .
CA : OK , so it seems like I &apos;m translating the icons of the audience into something called the Jules , with respect , and all the power to you .
( Applause )
When I was a kid .
So that was my team .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at food .
I don &apos;t like playing and watching .
So I was doing this , which is a pottery .
I was walking through the halls of my son &apos;s kitchen , and I watched him stumble across the kitchen .
When I graduated from college and came back in the early 1990s , I found this .
My team disappeared .
And when I looked at it from a frame of reference , I suddenly realized how the rest of the world thought about it ?
And when I went to the temples where I would go , surprisingly , to North Carolina , Pennsylvania , or to the south of London , I saw four species of vultures repeat over the ice in northern India — good , touch , silence and code .
And I thought this was a really strange thing , and I was wondering if anyone else had ever gotten the touchpad .
And when I went to visit him , I realized people are not looking at the canopy team .
Ordinary people see something like this .
By restricting the natural world to a few elements , there is no unusual human character .
We also did 10,000 years ago by analyzing our ancestors .
If you look at the zodiac sign 10,000 years ago , you &apos;ll see them cross-legged , you &apos;ll see all kinds of creatures .
But if you look back 2,000 years , you will see just four animals : elephants , cow , leather and wheat .
It &apos;s true for flies too .
If you look at me on the streets of New York City 150 or 200 years ago , you will see pictures of garbage , beer and soup .
But if you look far back , you &apos;re going to be able to see just four fishes coming in — triggers , rats , but also stars .
It turns out that we &apos;re heading towards this .
How did this happen to us ?
Seriously .
This is a brand new problem .
So we &apos;ve been doing this for the last 50 years .
World War II gave us the greatest inspiration to become the warrior .
During the Great War , we developed technologies like sweat , polymer and so forth , all of these things started to happen at the bottom .
Since the end of the Second World War , we have come to see the fourth highest levels of income inequality .
But that &apos;s only half the story .
The second half of the story is that fish farm and sea urchins have increased , and then in another two years , their birthrate has increased from concentration .
Now if you collect foreign objects and foreign objects , each year it will be the same as two Chinese objects from the sea .
Using my Chinese cartoon , it &apos;s no accident , because China is not only the largest country , it &apos;s also the biggest waste .
Let &apos;s move to our four choices .
First , the U.S. and the West have the most utilized sea food .
The forest floor is an extremely poor source .
Just one pound of forest takes five , 10 , or 15 pounds of forest to get to the market .
The Indus traders are also unbelievable .
In a study done in the Dutch University , it showed that reading gasoline from homicide is a completely ineffective use of carbon dioxide .
But here &apos;s the problem .
The battlefield is the battlefield of Mongolia .
Now look at these beautiful girls .
They clean up the Earth &apos;s atmosphere with its protection of beaches , lakes and milkweed , all sorts of important things for the environment .
A lot of this has happened with the management wars .
Over the past 30 or 40 years , we have eaten millions of coastal plants .
Another action that &apos;s going on here is what the filmmaker Markini calls &quot; &quot; the Nemo Trail . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve just seen it on the Tropical River — it &apos;s very controversial .
Today , there are some things that are killing the little girl from the bed , but with it , with so much , it will kill other females and it will kill the eggs later on in life .
And most of the time , there &apos;s a slum that &apos;s been tagged &quot; &quot; Redwoods . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the slime mold that we like to see on the river , which means that the ecosystem is opening and building cool for itself .
Next , there &apos;s a second largest cultured in the U.S. and the West .
Titan is a global icon .
You have to look at large areas of the world to organize a lot like this .
Our area , the scientific minds , we call the ICCAT — the Internet Convention for Climate Protection , ECCAT .
The great reading of all the tuna was invented by Carl Simpson .
We could build tuna farms , but tuna farms are not good enough .
Many people don &apos;t know , but it &apos;s heated .
He can span over 40 miles an hour and convert his body temperature to 20 degrees Celsius .
The net charge on this retreat is almost done .
A blood vessel supply falls on the surface , which no longer flows .
This is great for proteins .
But the forest creature , 40 miles away , does not have the ability to stay in the farm .
Sami has been a good flow , needless to say that it has been a bad monthly stipend .
This is my political connectome .
Connecticut was running through the forests .
If you look at a map of contact , there &apos;s a map of each dot there .
There are over 3,000 amputees in the state of Connect .
As a matter of fact , I say there &apos;s a lot of people in the connect — ( Laughter ) if somebody puts the power of the connect , then I think we can really improve the world .
And everywhere , ladies and gentlemen , these are the rocks that propel the desire to give to the children of Sonoma .
As a result , we had a successful policy campaign for the Mormon Fund .
When the shelter started , Sami paid off six pounds of forest floor for making a stand .
But now it &apos;s getting a lot better .
One thing that happens in various ways is that it &apos;s a little bit fake , because if you look at the Freedom of Information Technology , they &apos;re called the SOLEs in a Freedom of Information Technology .
While it &apos;s thrown at the grass .
It &apos;s hard to say something about chocolate or blueberries .
But then again , the whole critics industry promised that it narrowed the replacement of the FDA .
This system equates acoustic food , which is a continuous flow of the atmosphere .
It &apos;s been seven percent per year .
Although we spend a little bit less money on getting to the market , we &apos;re also spending a lot of money on the market .
We &apos;re not just eating chili powder ; we &apos;re eating chili powder and sugar .
We have chickens that are eating fruits and vegetables that are being eaten .
Because on top of it , the blood and hands and so forth are picked up by mosquitos .
I wonder if there &apos;s a lesson that &apos;s passed on and that lesson actually propelled the chicken .
India is either the first or the first one . ( Laughter ) As a result , it is a terrible problem .
We &apos;re talking about 30 million tons of desalination brine that &apos;s been cleared out of the sea and used .
That &apos;s the equivalent of a third of China or a half of the entire U.S. population , spending every year out of the sea .
The last thing in four categories is this .
The Philippines actually started as a lifetime .
And it started when a local entrepreneur noticed that the next day , there was no cloud .
He turned to the head and said , &quot; I &apos;m going to make eye contact for you . &quot;
Let &apos;s move on .
For the oceans , it was one of the key indicators that Hole in the ocean would have been lost .
So he created his lift song .
Sadly , Sintia was innocent in 30 seconds .
He wanted to create a 25-cent cylinder , so he brought the Atlantic Code .
Actually , the footprint for the Alaska Philadelphia , which is the largest mass-market industry in the United States of America , is 3,000 pounds a year away from the sea .
If we eliminate the police , the alternative would be tripled .
Twenty years ago , we didn &apos;t know anything about Italy .
It changes the plant proteins in a very dynamic way in animal protein , and it &apos;s worth caring about in the third world .
Actually , it &apos;s a very sustainable solution ; in nine months it &apos;s an adult .
The problem is , when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
It doesn &apos;t look like a waste tree .
It doesn &apos;t include ACEs and DNA Surveys that we think will be keeping us alive all the time .
So what do we do ?
I mean , this poor little clip here .
Which represents more than three million tons .
One possibility is that conservation agencies have determined whether we can eat it ?
Can we open it up instead of giving peace ?
There are reasons for this .
They have a wonderful childhood in the market of Indonesia , a typical portion of refugees in comparison to a typical slave , and a typical elder of the ranch of Indonesia .
This is OMG 3 , EPA and a great document for HIV .
So here &apos;s her potential .
But do we continue this journey , and instead of trying to pay a few dollars a pound or pay a ton and convert it into a foot , can we add a police officer to give the monthly stipend both ?
The second possibility , which is really interesting , is homemade design .
They have much more EPAA and ADHD .
The Indus trade-off is incredibly effective .
The cost of food to the market is only three parts per annum .
Actually , it &apos;s about three o &apos;clock in the morning .
The sea level rises by three degrees centigrade , so it just collects them .
If you look at the world , it &apos;s incredibly important .
In our Western village , there has been a range of use of Facebook and Netflix queues .
Over the past 20 years , more than 400 deaths have been created , these are the leading cause of death in the ocean .
As you might think about the cloud , in all these different ways , proteins and , more than three , are highly effective signals .
It &apos;s absolutely essential .
And the last puzzle is a question mark .
We can produce a fruit that can provide us with seawater protein .
This creature needs to be a green saber , rapid spreading and changing environment is its own ability to modify its own hair , and it needs to be EPA , DHA , Omix3 and Fitch East .
It &apos;s still in the paper .
I &apos;ve been doing these things for the last 15 years .
Whenever I say that , nothing says to me , &quot; &quot; We can do it . We can do it .
But don &apos;t try it .
And now it &apos;s time to try .
If we could do that , the third element of the world &apos;s population is going to be about 30 million tons in the ocean .
I mean , it &apos;s all happening right now .
We think we want to do without our needs .
But if we do something about it , the problem is just going to get a little more .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I grew up in the brain to read , because I have a brother , a neurological disease deficit .
More and later , I wanted to understand as a scientist how I can connect my dreams to my reality and create my dreams ?
With my brother &apos;s brain and schizophrenia , what it means is that they don &apos;t connect their dreams to the public and to the public realm , and they act on it .
So I quit my life to study serious illness .
And I moved to Boston from my wife &apos;s project in India , where I was working at the head of Doctor François Business who was in the halls of Harvard University .
So what are the answers that we &apos;re looking for on a mathematical level that are normally thought of as being compared to people &apos;s brains in comparison to people who are in Scottish , Scottish , or Baakir , and so we &apos;re actually trying to map the microbial map of the brain , and what is the cell is actually doing with the amount of chemistry ?
So there was a lot of privilege in my life because I was doing this kind of study in the day , but on a Saturday and weekend , I was traveling to the National L.A. airport on a weekend .
But on September 10th , 1996 , I got to know that I had an intelligent desk in front of myself .
The left part of my brain was a nine-leep .
And over the next four minutes , I watched my brain completely disappear from any ability to understand information .
On the morning of my school , I was able to read and remember something .
I was a young child in the body of a woman .
If you look at the same brain , there are two parts of the brain that are completely different from each other .
I brought a human brain to show you .
( Laughter ) So this is actually a human brain .
This is the prefrontal cortex , the back part of the brain , and it &apos;s going to stay in my head .
And when you look at the brain , you &apos;ll see two parts of the brain which are completely different from each other .
Now , those of you who believe that computers , the right part of our brain , operates like a pyramid processor , whereas the left part of our brain , it acts like a seal processor .
These two pieces of text are transmitted by one another through the crossword puzzle that some 3,000 volunteers combined .
But there are two elements besides that .
Because they think about information in a different way , the knowledge of each part has a totally different understanding of the information , and if you allow them to do it , I think their identities are very different from each other .
Compassion . Thank you . Very fun .
Teacher : Well done .
( Laughter ) The evidence is just now part of our brain , and we think about that moment .
So right now , part of our brain is thinking about images that are organized by our body &apos;s movements .
Information is shaped in the form of electrical activity , and it &apos;s shaped in our entire nervous system , and then it &apos;s downloaded and turned into a gigantic Algebra classroom that we see in the current moment how we feel and how we feel in the mind and how we hear .
I &apos;m an energy geothermal with the energy geothermal surrounding the right-hand cortex of the brain .
We &apos;re using energy sources that go from one another to the right part of the brain to the right part of the human family .
And right now , we are brothers and sisters on this planet who are supportive of making this world a better place .
And in that moment , we are the most beautiful and beautiful .
The left part of our brain is a completely different place .
The left-hand part of our brain is thinking scientifically and strategically .
The image on our left is about space and the future .
The building blocks of the left of the brain mean that we take our current great album analysis and we begin to analyze it and then we begin to look at the analysis .
It also organizes and facilitates all of this information about what &apos;s going on in the past , all of the things that we &apos;ve learned and all the potential for the future , namely , our plans .
The left-hand part of our brain is thinking of language .
It &apos;s a continuous conversation that is taking us and our inner world from the outside .
It &apos;s that little voice that says to me , &quot; Hey , I need to remind you to go home and buy it . &quot;
I need them in the morning . It &apos;s a sense of pursuing my computer book that reminds me of where the curtain is .
But perhaps the most important voice is the one that says , &quot; I ! I am ! &quot;
And as my brain says to me , &quot; &quot; I am , &quot; &quot; I am , I am isolated .
I become the only one who has access to tremendous energy and passion .
And that &apos;s the only part of my brain that &apos;s involved in that morning .
On the morning of my death , my left eye broke down with a broken nose .
It was the kind of pain that the Asian woman had to face .
And that pain just dragged me around and left .
And then he leaves , and then he leaves .
For me , it was an unusual thing that had never happened to me , so I thought , &quot; &quot; There &apos;s nothing I do , I start my office every day . &quot; &quot; So I sat down and I stood on my cards and I stood on my cards , which is a physically trained machine .
Now , I &apos;m moving towards this device , and it suddenly feels like I &apos;m walking towards an original man who &apos;s touching the donor .
And I &apos;m thinking , &quot; &quot; This is so bizarre . &quot; &quot; And then I look at my body and I &apos;m thinking , &quot; &quot; Wow , this is such an absurd , poor thing . &quot; &quot; And it seemed like the way I had changed my mind was the general sense of truth , which is that I &apos;m a man who &apos;s going through this experience , but now I &apos;m in a rich and opposite place where my conscious@@
And it was all very strange , and my head was dizzy .
So I got out of the machine and I started walking into the room and I realized that everything inside of my body was simple .
And everybody is very , very thinkable .
I have no connection to my speed , and I think what I need is a House , only my focus on the internal system .
I &apos;m growing up in my vagina ready to underneath the water , and I &apos;m actually listening to a conversation within my body .
I heard a sound that said , &quot; &quot; Yes , my background has got to play you .
Yes , you go to the bathroom and then my balance doesn &apos;t go down , I open the doors and I open the wall .
I look around and I see my hand , and I realize that I can no longer repair my body &apos;s waste .
I don &apos;t know where I &apos;m going to start and where I &apos;m going to end , because my hand has been held up with atoms and molecular walls .
If I was trying to understand something , it was energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; What &apos;s the problem with me ? &quot;
What &apos;s going on ? &quot; &quot; At that moment , the speech on the left of my brain has become completely silent .
It &apos;s like someone &apos;s voice of the television on the regular .
One hell of hearts .
So I was first fascinated by the noise of my brain .
But then suddenly I found myself in another elevator in this huge spacecraft that surrounded me .
And since I couldn &apos;t understand the boundaries of my body , I felt the most powerful and powerful of myself .
I felt a part of that energy that was so beautiful .
Then a sudden , a part of my brain locked in , and he said to me , &quot; Hey , you &apos;re a lion breaker . &quot;
We wanted to help him , and I said to myself , I &apos;m really afraid of any problem . ( Laughter ) It seemed like I was really afraid of the problem , but I immediately came back to the same consciousness that I called the Langley for a long time .
But it was a beautiful place .
Look at how beautiful it is to be in a place that is literally connected to this tiny brain that is leaving you from the outside world .
So I &apos;m in this room where my notebook and I &apos;m getting stressed out about it .
I felt a lot of weepness in my body .
And lo and behold , all of your relationships that come from the outside world and from that are deeply missing .
And I felt a peace and curiosity .
And lo and behold , what would it look like if the background dropped from this 70-year-old emotional weight that you stood for ?
( Laughter ) Oh , I put a menu up there , except for menu .
It was beautiful .
So I got to the left of my brain and he said , &quot; Hey , let &apos;s just break it . &quot;
We need some help , and I &apos;m thinking , should I be helpful , so I brought some coconut from the back of the house , and I put a machine gun in my apartment , and now I &apos;m thinking , can I get a car to work ? &quot; &quot; And in that moment , my hands were completely dead .
It was then that I realized that , &quot; &quot; Oh my God , I &apos;m having an attack on vulture . &quot; &quot; The next thing that my mind tells me is how wonderful it is .
( Laughter ) How cool is that ?
Some brain researchers who are going to miss the opportunity to see their own brain , and they &apos;re going to go in there . ( Laughter ) Then a bummer came to my brain . &quot; &quot; But I &apos;m a very popular woman . ( Laughter ) I don &apos;t have time to go into that . &quot; &quot; So I thought .
&quot; &quot; OK , I can &apos;t stop the fighting fire , but I &apos;ll get back to my habits in a couple of weeks . Okay .
I have to get a phone call to help me . &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t remember my first job , and then I remembered that I had a ticket with my phone number .
Then I go into my studio room and I spend three inches of motorcycles .
And I look at the top card , even though I can browse through my brain &apos;s eyes and see what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s my card , because I &apos;m not going to look at any of the other spots .
And the words correspond to the map of paper and the symbols , and I was not hearing anything .
So I started waiting for him to describe himself as a writer .
And at that point , the typical truth was repeated , and I found that it wasn &apos;t the cards ; it wasn &apos;t the cards .
It took me about 45 minutes to download this sign .
And in that 45 minutes , the intracranial rate was extending to the left .
I don &apos;t understand the phone ; I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I have no way .
So I take the phone and I plug it in here .
I took a business card and I put it there , and now I look at the cards , and I look at the big boxes on the phone as they roll .
But then I headed back to my own length when I &apos;d come back , I didn &apos;t remember I &apos;d won the number if I didn &apos;t .
So I raised my hand like a donkey , and I put it on Hindus , and then I put my hands on the other hand , and then I put it back to normal , and I can tell myself , &quot; &quot; When I came back to India , I finally came back from all over India , and I heard that one of my friends on the phone was squeezing , and a guy called me up and said , &quot; &quot; Wow Wow . &quot; &quot; (
So I say to her , in my brain , &quot; I &apos;m talking about men ; I need help . &quot;
And the voice says , &quot; &quot; Whoa , &quot; &quot; and I &apos;m thinking , &quot; &quot; Oh my God , I &apos;m speaking like a Gulden River . &quot; &quot; And then I understood what I didn &apos;t know was that I couldn &apos;t speak a language , and I couldn &apos;t understand it unless I tried to sing .
So he understood that I needed help , and he helped .
And just a little bit later on in an ambulance , Sierra Leone from Boston was visiting the other Massachusetts General Hospital .
I walked down and looked like a tiny , tiny baby .
Just like a cave that had just happened to the rest of it and just stepped out of the room , I pulled out the energy and I saw my soul shaking .
And it was then that I realized that I was no longer in control of my life .
Or , the physician saved me and offered me a second chance or a second chance of my transplant .
When I went to another party , it was amazing to me that I still live .
When I felt ashamed of my spirit , I gave life to God .
Now my brain has experienced two opposite truths .
It was then that the emotional system started to spontaneously create an emotional trauma .
Light shattered my brain like a fire in the forest , and the ears were so close and bright that I couldn &apos;t hear a voice in the background of my return , and I was only speaking to freedom .
Because I couldn &apos;t really understand the physical manifestations of my body , so I felt enormous and wide open like a person who was free from his boss .
And my soul dropped open like a giant elephant standing in the ocean of dirt .
Great Depression .
I found the quality that matters .
And I remember thinking it would never be possible that I could have found my great desire to explore the possibility of finding small body parts .
But then I realized , &quot; &quot; But I &apos;m also alive !
I still live and have been fascinated .
And if I &apos;m fed up with the neuron , and I &apos;m still alive , so whatever life it is that neuron can become , and I &apos;ve seen a world filled with beauty , transparency , commitment and love , people who know that they can feel this quality at any given time .
And they can pick and choose , well , the right thing is , if they want to take the book to the left of their brain , they want to follow their steps to search for alternative quality .
And then I realized how great a gift this experiment could be . &quot; &quot; What is this lesson of mystery that has taught me to live my life ?
And he threw me to be healthy .
After a fraction of a deadly stroke , the soul filled a piece of blood vessel from my brain that was investigating the deep potential of the brain .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real blessing in my life .
It took me about eight years to complete health .
So who are we ?
We are the power of cosmic life with handful skills and two superficial brains .
And we have the power to choose for a moment in this world where we are and what we want to be .
That &apos;s where I can step into my consciousness at the same time .
I am the power of life in the universe .
Fifty beautiful cells are mature cells , one cell culture , one cell culture .
Or I can choose to step to the left-hand corner of my consciousness , where I become an individual in a tiny , tiny way .
Quantum flute .
I &apos;m a doctor , a neuroanatomist .
I have an inside .
What would you choose ?
What do you choose ?
And where ?
I think the more time we spend our right brain scanning electrical activity , the more we put peace in this world and the more our planet is going to be stable .
And I thought that understanding should be replicated .
Thank you .
( Applause )
