Can you tell us what you invented and what happened ?
What should we do about it ?
It was a political event , but the British Prime Minister of Medicine pegged for eight seconds in the Gulf of South America in 2013 .
They founded a local society .
As a result , we have a success in breakthroughs and civil liberties .
A week later , I got a call and she was from school .
And we don &apos;t have eight homes there , maybe we should start with this .
Julian Sangju : Yeah , my parents were in the movies business and they were moving away from the neighborhood , so the two things were affected .
The new distance is exactly the same .
We &apos;re here to enjoy the need for language conservation .
To be compassionate , I reject you , though , my time is over , or Arabic , English , France or Chinese .
There are decades of decisions in both brains , but the rest of the human brain is fun to create .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; Did you understand anything ?
The anxiety is not that they cannot ask their dreams , it &apos;s that they cannot cooperate .
But just as Bob did the programming , he did it very well .
Our foundation became an African minister , and she wanted to move to America to a home , a ship and a place to buy .
My friend is a French speaker who &apos;s benefited from a French .
And at the lower level of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of hope , but no success .
The problem is that when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
I grew up in a little story about the story of Limpopo , which is true of Limpopo and Mumbai .
We need politicians to address this issue , and to help revolutionize the legitimate transformation of hidden information .
Yeah .
I wanted to be excited by that moment , when all of you were thinking , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
Instead , I &apos;m here today to share with you some of the results , and I &apos;ve also been surprised to myself what are the actual causes of success in organizations , which are the causes of actually initial success .
Why are you creating hidden information ?
What the syndrome would be worth more is a evidence for the censorship , and it was evidence that the Ebola outbreak had nothing .
That &apos;s why the word , now , is not the word that it used to be .
And all we want to do is figure out what to do when we &apos;re happy .
Now in the Gulf Ventures , we wanted to see how the problem was .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
But what the wildlife creatures spend 40 miles on households , they cannot be able to stay in frame .
So trust and collaboration are critical .
So we use a lot of high-water reserves to put materials on the Internet from one place to the other , to deliver them to legal bridges like Sweden and Bill &apos;s .
But don &apos;t try to do it .
Are you crying ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t done anything yet , I haven &apos;t done anything yet .
It can &apos;t be that I connect two people and they do this .
Once upon a time , as a young boy , I was sitting in a restaurant with my friends and I was eating them .
So who are we ?
I &apos;ve learned that this is an environment , and if you have a dedicated environment , each of us has the capacity to work together , so each of us has the capacity to collaborate with each other and increase the capacity to do this in others .
I don &apos;t understand the phone . I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I don &apos;t have a way .
Compassion : Thank you very much .
I need them in the morning , it &apos;s a sense of pursuing my computational book that reminds me of where I &apos;m going .
I look around and I see my hands , and I realize that I can &apos;t define my body &apos;s impact now .
Think is very powerful .
We started Z.com , which was one of those online entertainment companies .
It turns out that YouTube , when it started , had no business models of it .
I think all of you can .
He said that it &apos;s better to take all the little bits and pieces so that some of us would give far more credit and have a lot of experience .
A few years ago , I started writing about the system .
In American schools , information like this is flowing from the ground up .
Five days ago , it took me to work , to get 150,000 pieces and 50 pieces .
Julian Sung : Here &apos;s how we ask so many questions .
After this , you &apos;re going to look at YouTube , which is beginning to talk about the meaning of the TEDTalk , and very soon it will be stopped looking at the Internet for the mothers of Tony Boulanger .
Now let me tell you a secret .
So we need some help , and I said to myself , I &apos;m really afraid of any problem . ( Laughter ) It seems like I &apos;m really afraid of the problem , but I came back to the same consciousness as I say for a lot of money .
And to make that happen , we &apos;re going to change the game .
Anyway , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water , whenever they dropped , and we could save two houses for children , which is two houses , two houses , more than two houses for school , two more houses for two more houses for the children .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then they would also go home , and I didn &apos;t write anything , and we were somewhat familiar .
How does it actually work ?
So if you want a project like this that you start with , like some kind of arts or businesses , like some kind of arts or businesses , when you don &apos;t start paying attention to action , to control things .
They were countries that were like us in one period of time , but decided to attempt to rise , to research , to go to those countries , such as trucks , businesses , etc . , they spoke with their own language as if they were chasing girls — as if they were .
We get the information from the databases , from ordinary data , from Rams or whatever , common news organizations like that , founding — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about giving massive information to people and then protecting yourself against illegal legal and political philanthropy .
But the numbers , the Latin literature , don &apos;t write Arabic !
I got distracted by it .
So we just showed the web , time-lapse all the time , and we &apos;re getting so famous in the Ocean , I went to the Ocean and talked about it .
And the definition of the word &quot; &quot; paper &quot; &quot; would be helped by the markers and by the markers , and I didn &apos;t have to worry about anything .
When they started writing in English , they had a lot of material .
We will never do that .
In the tradition of these people , the myth was reflected on how hard she has spoken in her life , about what she has done .
We &apos;re moving away .
Julian Sung : Yeah , and you know , I &apos;m an elderly man , so I &apos;m not very good at growing a vegetable , but somehow — there &apos;s another way of growing a mammal , which is approaching the pollen .
Where the water supply and the water supply is incredibly unbelievable , and in these circumstances it &apos;s very difficult to grow up once in 17 years , I was staying quiet with friends in the bush while I was in the bush .
You need to look at large areas to organize in the way that they organize .
Eight days of the United States and Afghanistan , an accent of eight days of the U.S. and Afghanistan was lifted up from a region of Afghanistan , leaving a region of Afghanistan to help provide an office for the Afghan government to help protect a security office in Afghanistan to help provide a sanctuary for the Afghan government to help provide a sanctuary for the Afghan government to help provide a
So he understood that I needed help , and he helped me .
( Laughter ) The house that was robust , and within seconds the system was on fire . ( Laughter )
What would you understand ?
So I asked myself , do you have the Arab Spring ?
So I said something .
We are the energy systems that are moving from each other through the perception of the right part of the brain as a human family .
We are a growing demand , and we don &apos;t know .
Here &apos;s a love and I knew why I work with people , they don &apos;t .
One possibility that conservation guards have wondered is , can we eat it ?
It turns out that systems are also providing protection , which protect them at all times in their markets — somebody mentioned it at home .
The question is , in this case , when the building blocks , how do we get people to step into the abyss , which is less happy but more important ?
Good morning !
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the problem with me ?
So it &apos;s a really interesting time to live — because with a little effort , we can move on one side or the other .
In the Gulf Ventinas , this is the cause of change .
A team in transformation is important for the ability to deal with hidden away from the ground .
Thank you .
I &apos;m telling you Latin English to tell us that this is a tragic reminder that our situation is not a secret to our existence , that the negatives that make people dumb me down until you look at my generation and tell us that I have become tired of this generation of inequality , not until they &apos;re known to our generation when they &apos;re not known to celebrate cultures , where we &apos;re expected to share
The last thing for four states is this .
I &apos;m saying that more people are connected — ( Laughter ) if anyone is empowering the connectome , I think we can dramatically improve the world .
It &apos;s a whole new problem .
And structurally , as nobody expected , people began to trade from each other .
So how can we get people out of our organizations ? How can we get people out of our organizations ?
Can you show that you &apos;re legal for this ?
I want you to look away and tell me , there &apos;s a difference .
And there we are , at this point , brilliant cousins of this planet whose wisdom is to improve the world .
I &apos;ve tried to put theorists on these factors to the greatest cause of corporate success or failure .
That &apos;s what we &apos;re proposing , not data .
I was there to reveal the big brain because I have a brother who is susceptible to mental illness .
( Laughter ) I was in the shop .
( Applause ) This has happened many times .
Goto.com , which we announced in 1998 , was at a time when the campaign wanted more hatred .
( Laughter ) It will take a while for all of these things , so there won &apos;t be any time for it today .
Sime has been good news , it doesn &apos;t have to be bad news .
I wanted to find a lot of organizations about this , reflecting a lot of my ideas and misconceptions that came from some of the other organizations in the past .
And I say to her , in my brain , &quot; I &apos;m talking so clearly , &quot; I need help . &quot;
Dragon was also aspiring for an extra help ; it was very necessary .
As I said , initial organizations can change the world , they can create a better place .
And I thought it was a big bizarre thing , and I wondered if anyone else ever had a printing press .
And measure all of your relationships from the outside world , and any of them have been degraded .
Is there any reason why it &apos;s worth 500 million dollars to offer bananas ?
And it also tells us that this kind of information is organized and organized , and it tells us all of these things that are going on in the universe that we &apos;ve ever learned , and the possibilities of tomorrow , namely , are redefining the impact on our projects .
Now when we are here , I am as many people as I am , who are walking into a circle of life where , in some sense , they are destroying everything that is in their own mind , just because they &apos;re so enjoyable to say it , they are so enlightened and so vulnerable .
But the truth is that the grammar and the power of people sitting in their pockets and how they shouldn &apos;t be taxed , meaning that the fine progress , like teachers &apos; health and education , have less money .
It &apos;s a shame for that .
And the next day , I was in an ambulance racing from one Hospital to another Hospital in Boston .
Our brain is thinking scientifically and theoretically .
So I raised my hand like a Danish , and I put my hand on the floor , and I put the other hand on the floor , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; When I came back to the public truth , I can tell you that I was here first in India , and I ended up walking all over India , and I heard that the phone rang up on my wrist , and one of the people called me and said , &quot; &quot;
And I look up at the top card as I can see from my naked eye what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s my card , because I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s not my card , because I don &apos;t see any points .
How did that happen to us ?
So this was my team .
What will it look like ? It &apos;s difficult to say .
Chris Anderson : Can powerful and lousy people not generate their own empathy ?
( Mechanical noises ) Galen is running . Galen is running . ( Mechanical noises ) Galen is running .
Julie Song : What , the philosophy business ?
There she was .
Why not give teachers 250 million dollars ?
It has independent benefits .
They picked up my name , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on the stage in Arabic ?
And it can be a symptom of the Taliban and beyond .
There were two journalists who weren &apos;t in any way aware of this , because they were conscious .
A reflex that happens in the eyes of the trauma is that you can easily recover from one of the most independent infections of the trachoma .
The reason that these people are so frustrated and so outraged , some of the bankers are sitting at CEOs , and the reason that these people are so outraged and so outraged , some of the bankers are running from CEOs , is because these people are so outrageous and so outrageous , some of the bankers are running from CEOs , who are not doing the right thing .
No ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
For my organization , this discovery is amazing .
So I named my company &quot; &quot; Idea Live &quot; &quot; — it &apos;s the old days you feel about it .
( Laughter ) So — ( Laughter ) And then we &apos;re going to go to the pub , and see , in 10 minutes , something new happened ?
It &apos;s just like video , but here &apos;s a little bit of a clip .
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Minneo , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; Minneo . &quot; &quot; Is the French right ?
But maybe time is really important .
It came from outside .
If you &apos;re in Next Jump , you don &apos;t get to work on the basis of the problem of efficiency .
Thank you very much , all of you .
After a stroke of destruction , the south poisoned the blood vessel from my brain , which was the sadness center of the brain .
Today , more than 2.5 billion people have no access to water and sanitation .
But the second most important fact we need to think about .
We don &apos;t have any authorities .
I think the market model is still worth less , because you can start a business model without a business model , and then when you grow crops in cows , you include them .
And I know a lot of people who are dying of organizations , who are dying of authority , and they are real leaders , and that &apos;s because they have chosen to look at the person on the left , and that &apos;s because they &apos;ve helped to look at the person on the left , and they &apos;ve helped to look at the person on the right , and they &apos;ve helped to look at the person on the right .
But she was the absolute best of times .
We don &apos;t really , but what can we do ?
How many months ?
To constrain the natural world into a few elements is not an unusual human quality .
And then some failures .
My foot goes down , and then my balance goes up and down the wall .
In fact , I &apos;ve got thousands of miles of access from around the world and from people , from all kinds of backgrounds .
The second time I left , I was surprised that I still live .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
They &apos;re good governments , and we do what they say , because they get us there , but we don &apos;t follow them .
You put it between him and you blow it outside .
And my initial result was that these were better people .
And when I found out about this , I realized that people weren &apos;t looking at these Catholic teams .
So I take the phone and I put it there .
Julian Sangju : We &apos;re going to do it . ( CA : Would you do it ? ) Julian Sanging : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) Julian Song : Because these things are showing that , actually , in the case of , what the Arab states are doing , they are violating human rights violations .
So when we say &quot; &quot; compassion , autonomy , freedom , &quot; &quot; each one of you will create a special mushroom in your brain , a special feeling for a particular day in history .
After this model was invented , we learned a lot more about manufacturing .
They write a novel or make a short film .
What was more successful was the business with low-success families .
It was a huge task .
Whereas the Food Fund is widely available .
And just to give you a sense of what it would look like to fall back in that 37-year-old emotional weight that you were holding deep down .
So there was a lot of courage in my life because I was doing this research on the day , but on the weekly basis , at noon and weekend , I traveled to the National Ocean on a pilgrimage of the NAMI .
You , looking outside at an example of it , a landscape in which the letters of the black and the blue are sitting in the roof , with the tradition , &quot; Kill the language . &quot;
But if we do something about it , the problem becomes obsolete .
He &apos;s 40 below zero miles an hour , and the temperature of his body can heat up to 20 bucks a gallon .
And so our response to this has been going on in a couple of months because we &apos;re improving our own food system because of the rare social waste that we have .
The root of the epidemic affects all of us .
You &apos;re going to make them possible .
To make them like this ?
If you do and you spend your life going further and easily , you &apos;re very successful !
Julie Singer : That &apos;s right , we &apos;ll never be able to catch that live , and if we get there at some point in time , we get the skin from the skin to transmit that information .
The Ocean has been a crisis .
You &apos;re going to enter a virtual world with a classical language .
( Laughter ) Sound familiar !
So we put DryBath in this creative slum .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real elephant in my life .
I wonder what the hell she &apos;s doing , but she &apos;s burning her teeth .
Before that , I was surprised by the wiring of my brain .
( Laughter ) So after the attempt to make it work in high school and the limited means , which I had , the Egyptian Embassy entered some new people , did more of this work , and now we have fully the effects of infrastructure , which is ready for markets , but now is ready for markets .
The left part of my brain was a nine strokes .
Why are they all in black ?
So I thought maybe the team is the most important one .
And I looked at this as a personal problem .
I walked around looking like a tiny little baby .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just one giant at a young age and you came up with a lot of hard work .
But then immediately , as I did in another light switch , this huge spacecraft that was all around me .
You know , at the end of the day , people who are willing to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of others .
It &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I can step in the right part of my consciousness &quot; &quot; where we are .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
At the foundation we turned it on , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we have no idea .
&quot; &quot; Come on , come on , solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; she said .
My answer would be all right , but actually the work of the infrastructure would get there , and then I would do something like this .
This is the third part of China or the number of people in the United States who spend every year .
And aren &apos;t those organizations that we &apos;re all going to like to do ? And aren &apos;t those organizations that we &apos;re all going to like to do ?
So I asked myself , where do people come from ?
The first was the choice of time .
What I mean by that is that everything is happening .
The Indus numbers are incredibly effective .
Do we have any problems with that ? Absolutely not .
( Applause )
They &apos;re just buying under the need . One person in Alex doesn &apos;t buy a ticket ; they &apos;re buying a ticket because it &apos;s more important .
But now it &apos;s getting a lot better .
