Can you tell us what you invented and what happened next ?
What should we do with it ?
This issue was launched on the political agenda , but the British Prime Minister of Defense issued an eight-story story story in the South Land in 2013 .
They divided a thriving social society .
As a result , we have a successful leap forward and a successful leap forward for performance .
One week later , I got a call and she was from school .
And we don &apos;t have that home there , so maybe we should start doing this already .
Julian Sangley : Yes , my parents were in the movies business , and then they were moving away from the city , so the two reasons were affected .
The modern world is like this .
We &apos;re here to focus on the need for language conservation .
In Judaism , I reject you , even though , my time is over , or Arabic , English , France or Chinese .
Both of them have decisions in their brains , but the stereotypical brain contains entertainment .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
The anxiety is not that they cannot ask their dreams , but that they cannot cooperate .
But as Bob suggested in the program , it &apos;s very important .
Our foundation became an African minister who wanted to move the village across America to buy a home , a ship and a place .
He &apos;s a French speaker friend of mine who &apos;s a French speaker .
And the bottom five companies — Z.com. , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink , we had a lot of hope , but it didn &apos;t work .
The problem is , when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
I grew up with a little baby named Motetema in the story of the Limpopo , which is right on the edge of Limpopo and Mpumalanga .
Politicians need to address this issue , and they need to address the legitimate change of access to information .
Yeah .
I wanted to be excited by that moment , when you all thought , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
Well , luckily , I &apos;m presenting some of these results to you today , and I was also surprised to find out what are the causes of corporate success , which are actually causing the initial success .
Why is it true that you need to provide free information ?
It was a clue to the oceans that Hallelujah was worth more than Christmas .
That &apos;s why the word doesn &apos;t matter anymore .
And all we want to do is say what we enjoy when we do .
Now in the Gulf Vincess , we wanted to see how the problem is .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
But the forest creatures are 40 miles away from the county that they cannot stay in the ground .
So trust and collaboration are extremely important .
So we use a lot of cool containers to get the materials from one place to another on the Internet , to deliver the signal to law enforcement detectors like Sweden and Belgium .
But they &apos;re trying to do something about it .
Are you kidding ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t done that yet , I haven &apos;t done that yet .
It may not be that I can &apos;t cooperate with two people and do that .
Once upon a time , a young century ago , I was sitting in a restaurant with my friend and was expected to eat .
So who are we ?
I &apos;ve learned that it &apos;s environmental , and if you have a temperate environment , each of us has the ability to work together , so each of us has the ability to work together and amplify it and be able to do that within others .
I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I don &apos;t have any way .
It &apos;s going to be okay . Thank you . It &apos;s been a lot of fun .
I need them in the morning , it &apos;s the consciousness of me making a book that reminds me of where I &apos;m going .
I &apos;m sitting there looking at my hands , and I realize that I can &apos;t recover the damage of my body .
Ideas matter very much .
We started Z.com , which was an online entertainment company .
The truth is that YouTube , when it started , was not a business model .
I think you &apos;re all listeners .
He said it &apos;s better that we all get small contributions rather than that some of us get a lot more pain and suffer as much as we do .
A few years ago , I started writing about lists .
In American schools , this kind of information is given to students .
There was a waste of it a day five days ago , and 150,000 documentaries and 50 .
JC : Here &apos;s how we get asked a lot of questions like this .
After that , you &apos;re going to look at YouTube , which will start by talking about the race of the curriculum , and much later , it will end up looking at the mothers of the Citizen Bieber .
Now I &apos;ll tell you a secret .
We need to get some help , and I said to myself , I &apos;m really afraid of any problem . ( Laughter ) It seems like I &apos;m really afraid of the problem , but I &apos;ve come back to the same consciousness that I &apos;m calling for a lot of money .
And in order to do that , we &apos;re going to have to change this game .
Anyway , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water , on average , whenever they leave , and we could save two houses for the children , which are in the old-growth areas , two houses , more than two more houses for the school , two more houses for the children .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then they would also disappear , and I didn &apos;t write anything , and we were there .
How does it actually work ?
So if you want a job to start yourself like some arts or businesses , like some arts or businesses , until you don &apos;t start yourself in order to find the speed , the job .
They were the countries that were like us in an era , but they decided to try to grow , to study , to go to those countries , such as Tarja , the refugee , and so on , to put their language together like they were teaching girls — to protect her .
We get information in the form of a broadcast , whether it &apos;s a broadcast or a magazine or whatever , organizing it like a regular news agency , forming — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about massive amounts of information for people , and then protecting yourself against the inevitable legal and political compasses .
But the data isn &apos;t writing Arabic with the Latino script !
I got angry about that .
So we just showed the website , time-consuming , and we became very popular in Iceland , I went to the L.A. and talked about this issue .
And the dot of the word would be helped by the marks of the paper and the markers , and I didn &apos;t learn anything .
When they started writing in English , they had a lot of material .
We will never do that .
He was lying in the text of these people , and he wrote about how much he spent in his life , about what he did .
We are remote .
Julian Sanguay : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a junior man , so I &apos;m not very good at breeding , but somehow — there &apos;s another way of improving the police , which is close to collapse .
Where water and water are so unbelievable in the same way that it &apos;s very difficult to grow in these conditions , once I was 17 years old , I was standing still in the bush with friends in the bush .
The tuna has to send sight to a very large area in order to organize .
One day in the United States and Afghanistan , a handful of eight days , Afghanistan were stepping out of an area in Afghanistan , leaving an area of Afghanistan , so that Afghanistan could help to provide a fund to the Afghan government to provide a fund to the Afghan administration to help provide a fund to the government to help provide a fund to the Afghan administration to provide a fund to the Afghan administration , a
So he understood that I needed help and he robbed me .
( Laughter ) The house was under construction , and within seconds the system was on fire . ( Laughter )
What would you understand ?
So I asked myself , do you have food in Arabic ?
So I said something .
We are the sources of energy that are leaking from one another to the right part of the brain as a human family .
We &apos;re an increasingly motivated species , and the frog doesn &apos;t know .
Here &apos;s a lovely one , and I knew why I work with people , not so much .
One possibility that conservation environments have determined is , can we eat it ?
It turns out that systems are also offering protection , which is always protecting him in the right moments of his life — someone calls him home .
The question is , in this way , when the Bible is headed , how does the rest of the human beings deal with the polio , which is unfortunately but crucial ?
Good morning !
And I ask myself , &quot; What &apos;s wrong with me ? &quot;
So this is a very interesting time to live — because with a little effort , we can fall aside from one side or the other .
It &apos;s a moment of change in the Galapagos Venture .
It &apos;s important to recognize the ability to identify a team from the side of the car .
Thank you .
I speak Latin English so that it reminds us that there is no secret to our existence , that there is no secret to our existence , that there is no secret to our ancestral ancestors , even when you see me not checking the banks , when I tell you that generation of inequality does not correlate with our generation to our generation , until they become so familiar with the patterns that
That &apos;s the last thing in four .
I say connectome is mostly people . ( Laughter ) If anyone has opened the connectome , I think we can dramatically improve the world .
It &apos;s a whole new problem .
And just as nobody expected , people started businesses from each other .
So how can we get people out of our organization ? How can we get people out of our organization ?
Can you show that you &apos;re legally owned by it ?
I want you to look and tell me , it made a difference .
And at that time , we are brothers from this planet who are dedicated to making the world better .
I tried to put researchers on these factors to tell you the greatest cause of corporate success or failure .
That &apos;s what makes us grateful , not data .
I was born to read the big brain because I have a brother who suffers from a stroke .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at food .
( Applause ) This has happened many times .
Goto.com , which we published at TED in 1998 , was when companies wanted more grandmothers than grandmothers .
( Laughter ) It will take some time for all of these things , so there won &apos;t be any time to do anything else today .
Sometimes it &apos;s too late , it &apos;s not necessarily too late .
I wanted to know a lot of organizations about this , including a lot of my audacity and misconceptions that came to me from some of the organizations in the last few years .
And then I say to her , in my brain , &quot; I &apos;m talking about men who need help . &quot;
Dreaders also wanted additional support ; it was very important .
Like initial organizations can change the world , they can make the world a better place .
And I wondered if this was a big deal , and I wondered if anybody could ever have a baby booth .
And compare all of your relationships that come from the outside world and from them , stress was missing .
Is there any reason why the planet could have invested 150 million dollars in storage ?
And it also informs all of the information that &apos;s going on in the past , all of the things that we &apos;ve learned , and the possibilities of the future , namely , for our projects .
Now when we &apos;re here , I &apos;m like so many people , who have reached a stage in their life where they unusually leave out everything that &apos;s in their community , just because they love and find compassion .
But the truth is that aggressive and powerful people are living in their own backyard , and as much as they don &apos;t need to be taxed , meaning that small actions like teachers have less money on health and education .
So there &apos;s a disconnect .
And then a little while later , there was a chapter in an ambulance , and a chapter was running through the hospital from one of the other mosques at Boston .
The left part of our brain is thinking scientifically and scientifically .
So I raised my hand like a Danish , and I raised my hand on the Indians , and I raised my hand on the other hand , and I said , &quot; &quot; Wow , wow . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So , when I came back to the general truth , I could tell you that I was here first , but finally , with all the Indians , and I heard that the phone rang out from my wrist , a guy answer@@
And I &apos;m looking at the top card , while I can see it clearly in my mind &apos;s eye , and I can &apos;t tell you what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you that this is my card , because I don &apos;t think it &apos;s going to look like a bunch of dots .
How did this happen to us ?
So this was my team .
What cross is it going to take ? It &apos;s hard to say .
CA : Brilliant and heavy people are not producing insults ?
( Mechanical noises ) Gold running . Gold running . ( Mechanical noises ) Gold running .
JC : What , the movie business ?
There she was .
Why not give teachers 250 million dollars ?
It has continuous benefits .
They picked up my name for Tiger , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on Tiger in Arabic ?
And it can become a source of well-meaning and loyalty .
They also had two journalists who were illiterate , because their work was so precise .
A reflex occurring in the eye because tragedy is a result of a multiple evasion of the tragedy , you can be instantly depressed .
That &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some bankers are running CEOs , and that &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some bankers are running CEOs , and that &apos;s why so many people are so frustrated and angry , some bankers are running CEOs , who are unequally motivated and unequal .
No one ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
For my organization , Galapagos Venture , this is amazing .
So I wrote a company called &quot; &quot; Idea Live &quot; &quot; which is the old moment when you think about it .
( Laughter ) So — ( Laughter ) And then we &apos;ll get to the bottom , and see , in 10 minutes , something new happened ?
That &apos;s how long this video is , but here &apos;s a little clip .
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! They call it &quot; &quot; mini &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; Minister . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word correct ?
But maybe time is too important .
This is how it came out .
If you get a job at Next Jump , you don &apos;t get a job on the basis of effective problems .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re the best listeners .
After the collision course of the calving face , the gold miner gave me a glimpse of blood from my brain that was investigating the central potential of the brain .
Today , more than 2.5 billion people around the world don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
But there &apos;s another really important fact that we need to think about .
We don &apos;t have any authority on them .
And I think the market model is also kind of cool , because you can start without a commercial model , and then when the product gets bigger in the cave , put it in .
And I know a lot of people who are in the upper right-hand corner of organizations who don &apos;t have any authority , and they &apos;re the real leaders , and that &apos;s because they &apos;ve looked at the person on the left , and that &apos;s because they &apos;ve got consent from the person to the left , and they &apos;ve looked at the person on the right , and they &apos;ve got consent from the person to the right .
But he was choosing the perfect time .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
A few months ?
There is no unusual human quality to constrain the natural world to a few elements .
And then some failures .
My foot goes down , and then I &apos;m not balancing , and I &apos;m standing on the wall .
In fact , I got thousands of emails from around the world and from people , who were responding to various types of jokes .
The second time I went , I was surprised that I was alive .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
They &apos;re amateurs and we do what they say because they have authority on us , but we don &apos;t follow them .
You put it between the left and the outside .
And my initial result was that they were better people than others .
And when I took a leave of it , I realized that people weren &apos;t watching the Catholic team .
So I take the phone and I plug it in here .
Julian Assange : We &apos;re going to do what we do . ( CA : Y &apos;all gonna do it ? ) Julian Assange : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) Julian Assange : Because these things are actually showing how , for example , Arab governments are actually violating human rights in these governments .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Conduction , autonomy , freedom , &quot; &quot; each and every one of you will create a specific region in your brain , a specific feeling for a particular day in a particular history .
After the invention of this model , we also learned a lot about the consumption of manufacturing .
They write a nano or make a short film .
The ones that were most successful were the ones that made the business less successful .
It was a huge task .
Whereas this database is driven by a dry seat .
And consider what it would look like if you went back to the last 37 years with the emotional equilibrium that you were holding .
So there was a lot of privilege in my life because I was doing this kind of research day , but on September and July four weeks , I was traveling through a law called NAMI to take my trip .
You &apos;ve seen an example outside of it , an organization in which the letters are in the black and the blue tape household , with the text , &quot; Stop killing . &quot;
But if we do something , it &apos;s going to get a little bit more generous .
It can travel more than 40 miles an hour , and it can absorb 20 gigatons of warmth for its environment .
And so our response to publishing has become somewhat different in the past few months , because we &apos;ve been improving our banking system because of the rare public waste that we have .
This kind of breakthrough affects all of us .
You &apos;ll see them make the impossible possible .
To make them like this ?
If you know and you spend your whole life going forward , you &apos;re very successful !
Julian Sanguay : This is true , where we &apos;ve sometimes gotten these lives , and if we get stuck in a situation , we quickly release the information .
The E.U. is a crisis .
You &apos;re going to enter a magical world with a lexicon .
( Laughter ) How amazing !
So we found DryBath in these creative slices .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real breakthrough in my life .
Would I be surprised to know that he had opened the stone ?
First , I was surprised by the wiring of my brain .
( Laughter ) So after attempting to make it work in the right school and the limited resources , which I had , the Immigrant University Index has brought in some new people , has done more of this work , and now we have a full-blown paradox , which is ready for the market , but now is available in the market .
The lower part of my brain was a new fire .
Why are they all in black ?
So I thought maybe the team is the most important one .
And to see , it was like a private issue of the club .
I could get up and look like the children of the foot .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just a teenager , and you were kind of getting into the workshop pretty quickly .
But then it was as quickly as possible for the energy in another laptop in this huge space flight that was around me .
You know , in the Morocco , people who want to sacrifice themselves so they can benefit others .
It &apos;s a place where I can stand on the right side of my consciousness at the same time .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
We put it on the foundation , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
&quot; &quot; Come on , let &apos;s solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; Boy said .
My reaction is going to be ready , but the actual work of the text will appear on the top , and then I &apos;ll do something like this .
That &apos;s the third chapter in China , or the number of people in America who get out of the sea every year .
And isn &apos;t that the organization that we all love to do ? &quot; &quot; And isn &apos;t that the organization that we all love to do ?
So I asked myself , where do people come from ?
The first thing was choice of time .
I mean , it &apos;s all happening .
The Indus calculus is quite effective .
Is that a problem for us ? Absolutely not . Absolutely not .
( Applause )
They just buy it below request . A person in Alex doesn &apos;t buy a ticket . They buy a ticket every day because it &apos;s more interesting .
But now it &apos;s getting a lot better .
