Can you tell us what you thought and what happened next ?
What should we do with it ?
This issue was launched on political issues , but the British Prime Minister of Defense Department of Defense declared at a Geighth of July in Antarctica in 2013 .
They &apos;ve gone through a whole host of social media .
As a result , we walked up to the emergency room and we had a successor at Samman Farming .
A week later , I was produced and she was from school .
And we don &apos;t have a home yet , so maybe we should start right now .
Julian Asanga : Yes , my parents were in the movies business of movies and then moving away from the sun , so the two existence influences ...
The new distance looks exactly like this .
We &apos;re here to understand the need for language conservation .
To be violent , I urge you , even though my time is running out , or Arabic , English , French or Chinese .
Both of them have intellectual decisions in their brains , but the brain of the human mind is entertaining .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; Did you understand anything ?
The anxiety is not that they cannot afford to sleep , but that they cannot afford to cooperate .
But as Boob declared his program , he stayed very serious .
Our foundation became the African minister who wanted to transport goods across America , a home , a ship and a place to buy .
My friend is a French speaker , who &apos;s very happy with a French speaker .
And on the lower level , five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink , we had a lot of hope , but nothing came .
The problem is that when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
I grew up named Motetema in a small spot of Limpopo , which is true of Limpopo and Mpumalanga .
Politicians need to address this issue , and to change the legitimacy of access to information .
Yeah .
I wanted to be grateful for that moment , when you all thought , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
In the West , I &apos;m going to share some of these results with you today , and I &apos;m also wondering what is the real nature of the achievement of organizations — in which factors are really due to the initial success .
Why would you want to know the information ?
It was a document that Ebola did not stop .
So this word , it doesn &apos;t really matter what it used to be .
And it &apos;s only with us that we want to be happy to do .
Now in the Gulf Wentles , we wanted to look at how this is happening .
He does not trust his leaders .
But the forest creature , 40 miles away , does not have to stay in the forest .
So trust and cooperation are important .
So we use a lot of low pressure coordination to send materials to the Internet from one place to the other , to show good signals for reaching out to law enforcement policies such as software and blogging .
But don &apos;t try .
What &apos;s going on ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t finished yet , I haven &apos;t finished yet .
It can &apos;t be that I connect two people and they do this .
Once upon a time , just about 18 years ago , I was sitting in a restaurant with my friends and I was forced to eat .
So where are we ?
I &apos;ve learned that it &apos;s environmental , and if you &apos;re in a dense environment , each of us has the potential to work together , then each of us has the potential to work together , and increasingly , the ability to do that for others .
I don &apos;t know if I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I don &apos;t have any truth .
Thank you very much .
I need them in the morning , and it &apos;s a sense of pursuing my book that reminds me that I &apos;m a storyteller .
I &apos;m lying and looking at my hand , and I realize I can &apos;t fix my body now .
The idea is very significant .
We started Z.com , which was a online entertainment company .
It turns out that YouTube didn &apos;t have a working example when it started .
I think you &apos;re all people .
He said it would be better to take small doses of money than some of us would take many , many , many , many people , and it would be great .
A few years ago , I started writing about the system .
In schools in America , information like this is being read .
It turns out that five days ago , 150,000 installations were made and 50 .
Julian Sangju : We &apos;re asking a lot of questions like this .
After that , you &apos;re going to look at YouTube , which is beginning to talk about the range of TEDsters , and much later , I &apos;m going to end up watching the Internet as mothers of Tony Bobber .
Now I &apos;ll tell you a secret .
So we need to help somebody , and I said to myself , I &apos;m really removed from any problem — ( Laughter ) — it seemed like I was really removed from the problem , but I quickly came back to the same sentence that I told you so much .
And to make that happen , we &apos;re going to change the game .
However , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water every time they left and we could save two houses for children in the same places , two houses , more than two hours for school , two more houses for children .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then the medical advice would go away , and I didn &apos;t write anything , and we had some .
How does that actually work ?
So if you want a project like this to start yourself like some kind of arts or businesses — like some kind of arts or businesses , when you don &apos;t start cutting yourself in order to get behavior done .
They were countries that were like us at a time , but they decided to try to grow up , to research , to reach those countries , as if Turkey , meeting , they spoke with their own language , as if they were chatting girls , as if they were protecting her .
We get information in the form of data , whether it &apos;s code , whether it &apos;s code , whether it &apos;s social news organizations , forming it — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about delivering dumb information to people and then protecting yourself against legislative and political governments .
But numbers don &apos;t write Arabic with the Latin word .
I &apos;m proud of that .
So we just showed the website , time-consuming all the time , and we became very popular in the Ice Line , and I went to East Linda and talked about it .
And the words are going to be helped by the maps of the paper and the markers , and I wasn &apos;t doing anything .
So when they started writing in English , they had enough material .
We will never do that .
In the teaching of these people , Milo was lying to learn how much he could do in his life , about what he did .
We &apos;ve been thinking far .
Julian Asanga : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a junior man , so I &apos;m not very good at agriculture , but somehow — there &apos;s another way of raising influencers , which is to make money close to criminal .
Where the supply of water and shelter is so unbelievable , such as the mosque , and growing up in these conditions is so difficult to grow up once every 17 years , I was quietly walking around with friends in the bathroom with friends .
You have to send a very large area to organize it in such a way .
One day in the United States and Afghanistan , a handful of Afghan refugees were moving from one place in Afghanistan to another in order to help protect an office in Afghanistan so that they could protect an office in order to help protect an office in Afghanistan to help protect an office in order to protect an office in order to help protect an Afghan invest in the Afghan sector , in which there were several nations
So she realized that I needed help and she brought help .
( Laughter ) The house that was built , and within seconds the system was on fire . ( Laughter )
What would you find ?
So I asked the question , would you like to play in Arabic ?
So I said something .
We &apos;re empowered individuals who are separated from each other through the perception of the left part of the brain in a human family .
We &apos;re an increasingly ambitious species , and we don &apos;t know .
There &apos;s a love , and I knew why it &apos;s the way I work with people that aren &apos;t .
One possibility that conservation guards have wondered is , can we play it ?
It turns out that systems also provide protection , which protect them every time in their dark spaces — somebody mentioned it at home .
The question is , in this case , when birth is flooded , how does the system get into the blooded vessel , which is unfortunately important ?
Good morning !
And I ask myself , &quot; What &apos;s wrong with me ? &quot;
So this is a very exciting time to live in — because with a little effort , we can move on one side or the other .
This is a change in the Gulf Watts .
A team has the potential to determine what to do next .
Thank you .
I speak a little English about it so that it reminds us that our presence is not a secret , I was shocked by those negative devices that protect my people , because until you see my generation , we don &apos;t see the voices of the future , and we don &apos;t have to take this generation of inequality and turn it over to our generation when they don &apos;t have the voice to confirm destruction ,
The last thing is in four .
So I &apos;m saying that more people in the connectome — ( Laughter ) if anyone is playing the power of the connectome , I think we can make the world a lot better .
It &apos;s a whole new problem .
And just like nobody expected , people started businesses from each other .
So how do we get people to come from our organization ?
Can you show the money that you have legally owned by it ?
I want you to look at me and tell me , there &apos;s a difference .
And at this point , we are brothers from this planet who are making the world a better place .
I &apos;ve tried to address these elements for the greatest success or failure of organization .
That &apos;s what disagrees with us , not numbers .
I had a big brain to study because I have a brother who is a mental illness , schizophrenia .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at food .
( Applause ) This has happened many times .
Goto.com , which we published here at TED in 1998 , was when companies wanted more companies to look up .
( Laughter ) There will be some time in all of those things , so there won &apos;t be any time to do anything today .
Samantha &apos;s good luck . It doesn &apos;t have to be a monthly conspiracy .
I wanted to know so much about this , I wanted to learn so much about my own various assumptions and false assumptions that came from organizations all the way up to me .
So I say to her , &quot; I &apos;m speaking clearly in my brain , &quot; I need help . &quot;
Dreaders wanted additional income ; it was absolutely essential .
As it used to be , primary organizations can change the world , they can make the world a better place .
And I thought this was a big strange thing , and I wondered if anyone else would ever play the drill .
And look at all of your relationships that come from the outside world and from that point of view had gone missing .
Does anyone assume that Gando gave 150 million dollars ?
And it also brings together this kind of information that is organized and integrated into the material , all of the things that we &apos;ve learned since and all of the possibilities of the future , namely , will determine its impact on our symbols .
Now when we &apos;re here , I have many people , who are walking to such a death in their lives , who are literally leaving behind every single thing that &apos;s inside them , just because they love the magic and the magic .
But perhaps the aggression and the power of people sitting in their pockets and not ticking as much , meaning that pharmaceutical actions like girls are undergoing health and education .
So there &apos;s a problem .
And the next day , I was in an ambulance driving from one Hospital to another Hospital in Boston .
Our brain right here is scientifically and militarily thinking .
So I took my college campus like a Donna and stuck them on the sides and twisted them so that when I got back to the public truth , I can tell you that I was going to be laughing until I finally came home from all of them , and I said , &quot; &quot; Oh wow , wow , wow . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I said , &quot; &quot; Oh , wow . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So
And I &apos;m looking at the top card as I can see from my naked eye what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you that this is my card , because I don &apos;t see any points of view .
How did that happen to us ?
So this was my team .
What is this going to be like ? It &apos;s hard to say .
CA : Can people not have the tough ones and the tough ones ?
( Mechanical noises ) Gold running . Gold running . ( Mechanical noises ) Gold running .
Julie Song : What , the movie theater ?
There was the strongest of them .
Why didn &apos;t she make 250 million dollars in school ?
It &apos;s independent camels .
They called my name Tiger , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on the Tiger in Arabic ?
And that could be the case for traditional wealth and reputation .
They also had two priests who weren &apos;t wealthy because they were priced .
Trachoma is a reflex in the eye because of loss aversion , and because of loss aversion , you can be independent .
That &apos;s why some people are so frustrated and angry , some of the clients are sitting at CEOs , and that &apos;s why some people are so frustrated and angry , some of the clients are sitting at CEOs , and that &apos;s why they &apos;re getting so frustrated and so anxious , some of the clients are sitting at CEOs with so much anxiety and so on .
No one ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
For my organization , the Global Witness , this is amazing .
So I set up a company called Aideia Lib , which is the kind of place where you feel about it .
( Laughter ) So — ( Laughter ) So we &apos;re going to go to the puzzle and see , in 10 minutes , something new happened ?
This is a bit of a video , but here &apos;s a little bit of a clip .
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Minneae , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; Minneae . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word correct ?
But maybe time &apos;s choice is important .
This is how it came from the outside .
If you &apos;re visiting Next Jump , you &apos;re not going to go to the base of the work .
Thank you very much . You &apos;re the best allies .
After the earthquake of the cold , the southern hemisphere triggered a blood vessel from my brain that was investigated in the temporal lobe of the brain .
Today , more than 2.5 billion people don &apos;t have access to safety .
But there &apos;s another more important fact that we need to think about .
We have no authority on those authorities .
I think the business model is still very challenging because you can start with a business model , and then when you &apos;re growing a business model , include it .
And I know a lot of people who don &apos;t have any authority and don &apos;t have any authority , and that &apos;s because they have chosen to look at their left side of the person , and that &apos;s because they have helped to look at their left side , and they have helped to look at their right side .
But he was extremely optimistic .
We don &apos;t really know , but what can we do ?
How many months ago ?
Powerful giving the world a few elements is not an unusual human trait .
And then some failures .
My father , you run away , and then I &apos;m not balancing , I &apos;m stroking the wall .
In fact , I &apos;ve got thousands of products from around the world and from people , from all walks of life .
By the time I left , I was surprised enough that I was alive .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
They &apos;re impatient governments , and we do what they say because they have access to us , but we don &apos;t follow them .
You put it in and you put it outside .
And my basic result was that these people were better than others .
And when I looked at it , I realized that people weren &apos;t looking at these connective teams .
So I take the phone and I put it there .
Julian Assange : We &apos;re doing it . ( CA : Y &apos;all going to do it ? ) Julian Assange : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) Julian Assange : Because this kind of thing shows you that actually , right now , what the Arab states are doing , these states are actually violating human rights .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Freedom , selfishness , freedom , &quot; &quot; each one of you creates a special place in your brain — special feelings for a particular day in history .
After this model was developed , we learned a lot more about the efficiency of innovation .
They write a nano or make a short film .
They were doing more than 50 business with low-level kids .
It was a very big task .
Whereas this database consists of interest .
And think about what it would look like if you lost your fingernails in this 70-year-old sensitive weight that you had left .
So there was a lot of privilege in my life because I was doing research on this part of the day , but at night and weekend , I was visiting a lawyer in the NAMI .
You &apos;ve seen an example outside of it , a landscape in which the words of black and yellow are sitting at the roof of the text , with the translation , &quot; Make language kill . &quot;
But if we do something , it &apos;s a big deal .
He can run 40 miles an hour , and he can drive more than 20 dollars of warming around his environment .
So our description of poetry has been increasingly difficult in a few months , because we &apos;re improving our buck system because of the rare waste that we have .
We &apos;re all affected by this .
You &apos;ll see them making the invisible visible .
To make them like that ?
If you can , and you live your life well and easily , then you &apos;re very successful .
Julian Asanga : That &apos;s right , where we &apos;re always going to be alive , and if we &apos;re going to get to a room , we &apos;re going to get the skin to dispense information .
The East Linda had a crisis .
You &apos;re going to enter a virtual world with a computational language .
( Laughter ) Something fake !
So we put DryBath in these creative slices .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real passion in my life .
I wonder if there &apos;s anything wrong with that , and that chicken has died .
First , I had an astonishment by the end of my brain .
( Laughter ) So after the attempt to make it work in high school and the limited resources that I had , the mentor agent entered some new people , did more of that , and now we have effectively a broadcasting platform that &apos;s available for the market , but now it &apos;s available in the marketplace .
The back of my brain was a nine strokes .
Why are they all in the dark ?
So I thought , maybe the team is the most important one .
And I looked at this as a private challenge to KFC .
I could go down and look like a baby boy .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just one guy at a young age , and you were kind of on the verge of adoption .
But then immediately , like in another link , the energy came into this huge spacecraft that was all around me .
You know , at the moment , you &apos;ve been given a gift to people who want to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of others .
That &apos;s where I can walk to the left side of my consciousness , where we are .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
We put it on the foundation , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
&quot; &quot; Come on , come on , solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; Come on .
My answer is all sorts of things , but actually the job of motivation starts with it , and then something like that happens .
It &apos;s equal to the third part of China or the number of people in the United States who come out of Summer every year .
And isn &apos;t that the kind of system that we all want to do ?
So I asked myself , where do these people come from ?
The first thing was time .
I mean , it &apos;s all going on .
Its calculation is extremely effective .
Do we have any problems with that ? Absolutely not .
( Applause )
They &apos;re just buying under the need . One person at Alex doesn &apos;t buy a jar of jam . He &apos;s buying a jar of jam because it &apos;s more important .
But now it &apos;s a lot better .
