Can you tell us what you invented and what happened ?
What should we do with it ?
It was a political event , but the British Prime Minister David Comedy put it in eight states in the southern ridge in 2013 .
They have grown a denser society .
As a result , we come to the farm and we have a successful margin for peacekeeping .
A week later , I got a call and he was from school .
And we don &apos;t have that family there , maybe we should start right now .
Julian Sanging : Yes , my parents were in the movies business and then ran away from the street , so there was a side effect .
The new approach looks something like this .
We &apos;ve come here to enjoy the urgency of the language .
To be honest , I urge you , even though my time is up , or Arabic , English , France or Chinese .
Both of them have a decade of making , but the rest of the human brain is fun to play .
He was saying . &quot; &quot; Did you understand anything ? &quot;
The anxiety is not that they cannot ask their dreams , but that they cannot cooperate .
But as Bob explained the program , it &apos;s very important .
Our foundation as an African minister wanted to transport a village across the U.S. to buy a house , a ship and a ship .
I have a friend who &apos;s a French speaker who &apos;s bored from a French .
And on the lower level , five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we were hoping that we didn &apos;t succeed .
The problem is that when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
I grew up named Motetema in a small story of the Limpopo , which is consistent with Limpopo and Mpumalanga .
Politicians need to address this issue , promote a fundamental shift in access to information .
Yeah .
I wanted to be excited by that moment , when you &apos;re all thinking , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s amazing . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter )
Well , interestingly , I &apos;m here to share some of the results with you today , and I was also surprised to see what are the real reasons why organizations succeed , which is really why they succeed .
Why is it right that you can open up blind data ?
What the candidates were signing up for for the sea was a sign that Hill could not be dead .
That &apos;s why the word doesn &apos;t matter very much as it used to .
And all we want to do is to manage what we enjoy .
Now in the Galapagos Venters , we wanted to look at how this machine worked .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
But the forest creatures are 40 miles away from the count of houses , they cannot stay in the floor .
So trust and collaboration are irrelevant .
So we use a lot of high-speed storage to send material from one place to the Internet , to clear out the signs to beat the legitimate beheadings , like Sweden and Bill .
But he &apos;s not trying to do that .
What &apos;s wrong with you ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t done that yet , so I haven &apos;t done that yet .
It &apos;s not possible that I give two people the chance to cooperate and do this .
Once upon a time , a young century ago , I was sitting with my friends in the restaurant and eating food .
So who are we ?
I &apos;ve learned that it &apos;s a environment , and if you have a dedicated environment , each of us has the potential to work together , so that each and every one of us has the capacity to engage and do this , and increase it so that we have the capacity to do it in others .
I don &apos;t understand the number , I don &apos;t understand the telephone , but I don &apos;t have any other way .
Enough . Thank you . That &apos;s a big deal .
I need them in the morning ; it &apos;s my philosophy of calculus , which reminds me of the book I read .
I turn around and I see my hand , and I realize I can &apos;t repair my body &apos;s states anymore .
Idea matters a lot .
We started Z.com , which was the online entertainment company .
In fact , when YouTube started , it had no business model .
I think all of you are .
He said it &apos;s better that we all had small incidents , that some of us would take a lot of risk and have a lot of stress .
A few years ago , I started writing about skills .
This kind of information is sent to students through the American school .
It &apos;s been tried five days ago , getting 150,000 documentaries and 50 cents .
Julian Song : Yeah , so many of us are asked such questions .
After this , you &apos;ll see YouTube , which is beginning to talk about the race of the TED conference , and very soon after it &apos;s going to be over to watch the videos on Twitter Mother .
Now I &apos;ll give you a secret .
We need to get some help , and I told myself I &apos;m really bored from any problem . ( Laughter ) It seems like I &apos;m really bored from the problem , but I came back very quickly with what I call a lot of money .
And to be able to do that , we &apos;re going to change the game .
However , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water on the average , whenever they leave the garbage and we could save two houses for children , which is two houses , two houses , more than a high school dropout , two houses for the kid .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then they would go home , and I didn &apos;t write anything , and we had some .
How does it actually work ?
So if you want a project that you start with , like some art or commercials — some kind of art or commercials , when you don &apos;t start paying attention to getting faster , to stay engaged .
The countries that were like us in an age , but decided to try and push for progress , research , and move to those countries , such as Taiwan , employees , they were able to speak their own language as they were climbing stairs — like Hazrat .
We get the information from the cloud , from ordinary data , from Ram Shah or whatever , organizing it like normal news organizations , forming it — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about mass media for the public and then protecting yourself against the inevitable legal and political .
But the numbers , don &apos;t write Arabic with the Latin word !
I got distracted by it .
So we just showed the website , spent a lot of time , and we became very popular in the Ice Land , I went to East Land and talked about this issue .
And the words on paper are going to be held by maps and marks , and I &apos;m not learning anything .
When they started writing in English , they had enough materials .
We will never do that .
People &apos;s script was lying in the script to describe how much Susan did in her life , about what she did .
We &apos;re zooming in .
Julia Sanging : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a young man , so I &apos;m not very good at growing , but somehow — there &apos;s another way of raising a victim , which is approaching the police department with crime .
Where the water supply and the water supply is very unbelievable , and in these cases it &apos;s very difficult to grow up at a time when I was 17 years old , I was staying quiet with friends in the dead zone .
You have to look at very large areas in order to organize .
A handful of eight days of U.S. and Afghanistan , a handful of eight days of U.S. and a handful of Afghanistan were moving from a region of Afghanistan to a place of empowerment , helping to provide a service to the Afghan security party to help a security party to help a security party in Afghanistan to help a security party to help a fight governed governed governed gover@@
So he understood that I needed help and he helped .
( Laughter ) Government controlled , and within seconds the system was on fire . ( Laughter )
That &apos;s what you get .
So I said to myself , do you have the Arab Spring ?
So I said something .
We are the brains of energy that are transmitted from one another through the consciousness of the left brain as a human family .
We are an increasingly educated species , and certainly not .
Here &apos;s a love and I knew why it &apos;s not the way I work with people .
One possibility is that conservation devices have enabled us to eat it ?
It &apos;s evidence that institutions also protect people , which protect them all the time in their dark spaces — somebody has hindered it from a lie .
The question is , in this way , when the outbreak is broken , how do the rest of us handle the plasma , which is a lesser but more important place ?
Good morning !
And I ask myself , &quot; What &apos;s the problem with me ? &quot;
So it &apos;s a really interesting time to live — because with a little effort , we can move it either side or side .
This is a change in the Galapagos Ventures .
A team is very important in recognizing the ability to drive from sidewalks .
Thank you .
I speak a little English speaker about it so that it reminds us that we have no option , that we have no option , and that the negative impacts that are hurting my people , even when you haven &apos;t looked at my generation , we haven &apos;t given up on this one generation of inequality , and don &apos;t care about our generation until they &apos;re known to give us habits , as we do , and as part
That &apos;s the last thing in four ways .
Actually , I say there are more people in concert — ( Laughter ) if anyone solves the power of concrete , I think we can dramatically improve the world .
It &apos;s a whole new problem .
And just like nobody had expected , people started businesses from each other .
So how can we get people out of our organization and then how can we get people out of our organization ?
Can you show the paper that you actually have it ?
I want you to look very carefully and say , there was a difference .
And at this point , here we are brilliant brothers on this planet whose wisdom is to improve the world .
I tried to put theories on these factors to be the biggest cause of success or failure .
That &apos;s what we &apos;re supposed to do instead of data .
I had to study the big brain because I have a brother who is diagnosed with neurological illness .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at the game .
( Applause ) It has happened many times .
Goto.com , which we published at TED in 1998 , was at a time when corporations wanted more private companies to give lawyers more .
( Laughter ) It will take a while for all of those things , so it won &apos;t take time to do anything else today .
Even when time has died , it doesn &apos;t have to be suffering from depression .
I wanted to find a lot of organizations about this , reflecting a lot of my misconceptions and misconceptions that came from some of the organizations in the past .
And then I say to her , very clearly in my brain , &quot; I &apos;m talking about you . I need help . &quot;
Dreaders were also aspiring for additional assistance ; it was absolutely essential .
As I said earlier , institutions can change the world , they can create a better place .
And I thought that was kind of weird , and I was just wondering whether anyone else would ever have this once-in-a-lifetime model .
And look at all the relationships that you have from the outside world and from that point of view had been lost .
Can anyone guess why the Global Goals give 200 million dollars ?
And it also informs all of this information that is organized and organized in the past , all of the things that we &apos;ve learned in the past , and the chances of the future , namely , will determine the impact on our plans .
Now , when we &apos;re here , there &apos;s a lot of people like me , walking up to a staircase in their lives , where they basically leave everything that &apos;s happening in their museums , just because they love the sound of words and are demeaning .
But the truth is that agronomists and power keep putting their money where they should not be taxed , which means that infrastructures like schools get less money for health and education .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s a shame .
And a little while later , I was walking through the Sierra Leone from one of the hospitals to Strawberry Hospital .
The left part of our brain is thinking scientifically and politically .
So I raised my hand like a dagger and I put it on the sidewalk to the Hindus , and then I pressed these buttons to the other hand that when I came back to the normal truth , let me tell you , I went back to the Hindus first , and finally brought all the way to the Hindus and I heard that there was a guy named after me , a guy called me up and said , &quot; &quot;
And I &apos;m looking at the top card , even though I can see with my naked eyes clearly what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s my card , because I can &apos;t see a single dot .
How did that happen to us ?
So that was my team .
What &apos;s that got ? It &apos;s hard to say .
CA : Could more and more people not generate masters ?
( Machine noises ) The calling . The calling . ( Machine noises ) The calling .
Julie Song : What , the movie business ?
Here it was .
Why didn &apos;t teachers pay 250 million dollars ?
It has direct benefits .
They took my name to the Tiger , but I want to ask you , did anybody here write their name on the Tiger in Arabic ?
And that could be the result of television destruction and reading .
There were two journalists who weren &apos;t rich anyway , because they had a bridge .
The reason the tragedy in your eyes is an inflammation due to a higher degeneration of the tragedy that you can deal with directly .
That &apos;s why there are so many people who are so frustrated and angry , some of them from the CEO , that there are so many people who are frustrated and angry , some of them from the CEO , that there are so many people who are so frustrated and angry , some of them from the CEO &apos;s , they &apos;re so frustrated and so outraged .
No one ! No one ? Okay , no problem .
For my organization at Galapagos Vision , this is striking .
That &apos;s why I put my company in the name of the iPad Libra , the old moment that you feel about something .
( Laughter ) Then — ( Laughter ) Then we &apos;ll go to the floor . And you &apos;ll see , in 10 minutes , something new emerged ?
This video is longer , but here &apos;s a little clip of something .
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Mini , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; Minute . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word right ?
But maybe time choices matter .
This is how it came out .
If you &apos;re involved in the Next Jump , you don &apos;t get out of the job principle .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re the best listeners .
After a period of intense destruction , the south center of my brain took a drop of blood from a Gulf of Gulf that was attracted to the sadness center of my brain .
Today there are 2.5 billion people who don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
But there &apos;s another more important fact that we should think about .
We have no control over those powers .
I think the market model is too bad , because you can do it without a market model , and then you &apos;ll get the product growing in a village , including it .
And I know a lot of people who are in charge of organizations who don &apos;t have any authority , and they &apos;re real leaders , and that &apos;s because they have the privilege to see the person on the left , and that &apos;s because they have the privilege to look at the person on the left and they have the privilege to look at the person on the right .
But he had a wonderful time .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
A couple of months ?
By restricting the natural world to a few elements , there is no unusual human nature .
And then some failures .
Oh , my foot gets you up and then I &apos;m not balancing my balance , I &apos;m writing and I &apos;m listening to the wall .
I actually got thousands of emails from all over the world and from people , from all kinds of backgrounds .
By the time I finished , it was amazing to me that I still lived .
You won &apos;t believe it &apos;s local manufacturing .
They &apos;re amateurs and we do what they say , because they have access to us , but we don &apos;t follow them .
You just have to move it in and out .
And my initial result was that these were just the best people .
And when I took that leave , I realized people weren &apos;t watching these quadruple team .
So I take the phone and I plug it in here .
Julian Sanjah : We &apos;ll just run them . ( CA : You &apos;ll do it ? ) Julian Sanjah : Yeah . ( CA : Why ? ) Julian Song : Because these things show that right now , for example , Arab states are , violating human rights in these governments .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Art , automation , freedom , &quot; &quot; each and every one of you makes a special place in your brain — there are special emotions for a particular day in the history of somebody .
After the invention of this model , we learned a lot more about manufacturing .
They write a novel or make a short film .
What was more successful was business with low success .
It was a huge task .
Whereas this Food is very happy .
And look at what it would look like if you flew back from that 70-year-old emotional weight you had .
So there was a lot of courage in my life because I used to do this kind of stuff during the day . &quot; &quot; But apparently , at four o &apos;clock in the week , I visited the NAMI commercials on a visit to NASA .
You see an example from the outside , a context in which the letter black and white is in the back of the television , with the translation , &quot; Kill the language . &quot;
But if we do something about it , it &apos;s a little bit subtle .
She can drop over 40 miles an hour and heat over 20 degrees Celsius around her environment .
So our honor for this has become somewhat simple in the last few months , because we &apos;ve been improving our insurance system because of the rare public waste that we have .
This kind of ritual affects all of us .
You &apos;ll see them make the impossible possible .
To make them like that ?
If you know and you spend your entire life going further and further , you &apos;re very successful !
Julian Sanging : That &apos;s right , we &apos;ll always get that letter . And if we get that letter in the room , we quickly obtain that information .
The East Land went through a crisis .
You enter a virtual world with a language .
( Laughter ) Who &apos;s cool !
So we made DryBath in these creative milestones .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real photograph of my life .
I &apos;m also fascinated by the tragedy that beat the knife and the feathers out .
So first I was struck by the memory of my brain .
( Laughter ) So after trying to influence it in high school and in limited resources that I had , the Middle Eye Institute brought in a few new people , did it any longer , and now we have an effective model , which is ready for the market , but now has access to the market .
The left part of my brain was a nine strokes .
Why are they all in black ?
So I thought that maybe the team is the most important one .
And I looked at this as a special problem in the box .
I walked up and looked like a child with a bread .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you — I mean , you were a hero at a young age and you entered the idea of doing things very quickly .
But then immediately , there was this huge wave of energy coming into the jet stream that was all around me .
You know , I &apos;m welcomed to be given to the people who wish to experiment on their own in order to benefit others .
It &apos;s a place where I can step on the right side of my consciousness at the moment .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
That &apos;s what we did , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
&quot; &quot; Come on , let &apos;s solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; Saye said .
All of my responses are going to be ready , but actually the text function will go on , and then I &apos;ll do something like this .
It &apos;s the third part of China or the same size as the entire U.S. , which goes out of the sea every year .
And isn &apos;t that the organization we all want to work for ? And isn &apos;t that the organization we all want to work for ?
So I asked myself , where do these people come from ?
The first thing was choice of time .
I mean , it &apos;s all there .
The calculus was incredibly effective .
Do we have a problem with it ? Absolutely not .
( Applause )
They only buy what they need . One person doesn &apos;t buy a ticket in Alex . They buy a ticket every day , because it &apos;s more expensive .
But now it &apos;s getting a lot better .
