Can you tell us what you invented and then what happened ?
What would we take from it ?
Now , this problem was sold on the political hieroglyphics , but the British Prime Minister of Divisms , at 8 o &apos;clock University , was in 2013 .
They &apos;ve gone on to create a more collective society .
As a result , we have a successful breakthrough for our ranks and for the Sonoma Federation .
A week later I got a call and she was from school .
And we don &apos;t have our own families there , and perhaps we should begin by doing this .
Julian Sangling : Yes , my parents were in the movies and then ran away from the neighborhood , so the two reasons were affected .
The modern day is exactly the same .
We &apos;ve come here to encourage the urgency of this language .
Hazrat Ali , I urge you , even though , my time has passed away , or Arabic , English , France or Chinese .
Both of these brains have long-term decisions , but the rest of the human brain is happy to share .
He was saying , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve understood everything ?
The trouble is not that they can &apos;t ask their dreams , it &apos;s that they cannot cooperate .
But the way the Buddha declared the program is very important .
Our foundation as an African minister wanted to transfer that village to America , a home , a ship and a space .
I have a friend from Francesca speaking , who &apos;s a French speaker .
And so five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink , we were hopeful , but not successful .
The problem is , when you look at the West , it &apos;s not what the West wants .
I grew up with a small story of the Limpopo , which is also known as the Limpopo and the Mpumbai .
Politicians need to address this issue , and to lobby for legislative change in access to information .
Hi .
I wanted to be excited by that moment , when you all were thinking , &quot; This is amazing . &quot; ( Laughter )
And intensely , I &apos;m going to share some of the discoveries I &apos;m going to share with you today that I was also rather surprised to know who is the leading cause of corporate success , which is actually why initial success is occurring .
Why should you care ?
For the ocean , for the most part , it was only about the fact that Hebrew could not be killed .
So this word , now , is no longer useful as it was .
And all we want to do is to look at the way we enjoy it .
Now in Galapagos , we wanted to see what this problem looks like .
He does not trust his leaders .
But the wild creature , surprised by 40,000 miles of desalination , is not able to stay in ranch .
So trust and collaboration are critical here .
So , we use a very high-speed storage to essentially put materials from one place to the Internet , to cover the sign , to ship it to legal neighborhoods like SOLEs and Navajo reserves .
But trying to be objective is not .
What &apos;s going on ? ( Applause ) I haven &apos;t finished , I haven &apos;t finished .
It can &apos;t be that I give two people feedback and that &apos;s what they do .
Once upon a time , long ago , I was sitting in the restaurant with my friend and I refused to eat .
So who are we then ?
I &apos;ve learned that it &apos;s an environment , and if you have the right environment , each and every one of us has the potential to work together , then each and every one of us has the potential to work together and make it larger and have the potential to do that in others .
I don &apos;t understand the phone . I don &apos;t understand the phone , but I have no way .
Compassion . Thank you . Very fun .
I &apos;ll need them in the morning . It &apos;s a sense of pursuing a book that reminds me of the book I read .
I look around and I see my hand and I realize that I can &apos;t , now , I can &apos;t organize my body &apos;s well-being .
Ideas matter a lot .
We started Z.com , which was an online entertainment company .
The truth is , when YouTube started , there was no market model .
I think you &apos;re all the people .
He said it was better that we all had a small amount of damage to some of us , and he was just dumbfounded by some of us .
A few years ago , I started writing about lists .
This kind of information is sent to the U.S. schools .
The work on it was done five days ago , which is 150,000 documents and 50 comments .
Julie Singer : Yes , we get a lot of questions like this .
After that , you &apos;ll see YouTube , beginning with the President of Richard &apos;s talk about how to talk and , very soon , you &apos;ll end up watching the videos of Tibet &apos;s mother .
Now I &apos;m going to tell you a secret .
We should actually get some help , and I said to myself , I &apos;m really afraid of any problem . ( Laughter ) It seems like I &apos;m really in love with the problem , but I immediately came back to the same consciousness that I talk about a lot of money .
And in order to have that , we have to change the game .
However , we felt that we could save 80 million liters of water on average , whenever they leave and we could save two hours for children who live in the same neighborhood , two hours , more for a school that &apos;s more than two hours per day , and two hours for children .
( Laughter ) And then — ( Laughter ) But then she was going to go away , and I was not writing anything , and we were just there .
How does it actually work ?
So if you want a project that starts with you like some arts or businesses — some kind of arts or businesses , until you actually start paying attention to something that &apos;s working , to keep it going .
They were countries that looked like us in an age , but they decided to try and advance , study and move to those countries , such as Taiwan , employee , etc . , they brought their language back as though they were yelling to the stars , to protect it against the radar .
We get the information that &apos;s required , through the standard debates , through Ramadan , or whatever , to organize it in the normal news organizations , frame it — which is sometimes very difficult , when you &apos;re talking about mass media , and then presenting massive information to people and then protecting yourself against the oppressed politics .
But the numbers , don &apos;t write Arabic with the Latin letters !
I got distracted by it .
So we just showed the website , time-consuming all the time , and we became very popular in Iceland , I went to Iceland and talked about this problem .
And the words words kept from point of paper and point of view , and I wasn &apos;t getting anywhere .
As they started to write in English , they had a lot of material .
We will never do that .
In the People &apos;s script , they were wayward street writing about how much SOLEs spent on these lives , on what they did .
We are remoter .
Julie Singer : Yes , and you know , I &apos;m a left-handed man , so I &apos;m not very good at breeding , but somehow — there is another way to react to fashion , which is near the police , crime .
Where water and water are really unbelievable as an organism , and it &apos;s very difficult to grow in these conditions at the age of 17 , I was staying with friends in the urban slums to sit in the sun .
You need to take a look at areas that are very large to organize networks .
One hundred days of U.S. and Afghanistan , an Afghan army of eight days of the U.S. and Afghanistan were passing out of a neighborhood of Afghanistan , and they were passing out of a neighborhood of Afghanistan to helping an office to protect the Afghan State Council to help them do a preserve of the Federal Reserve to help the Iraq War to ratify for
He understood that I needed help and he helped .
( Laughter ) The house was under control , and within seconds the system was under control . ( Laughter )
What would you understand ?
So I wondered , do you have a free rig in Arabic ?
So I said something .
We &apos;re harnessing energy from each other through the right-hand part of the brain to a human family .
We are a progressive civilization , and we don &apos;t even know it .
There &apos;s a love there , and I knew why it was that I work with people that they didn &apos;t .
One possibility that security agencies have offered is , can we eat it ?
There &apos;s evidence that a hundred people have been protected , that they keep it at all times in their hearts — somebody said to them the House .
The question is , in this way , when the basketball is headed , how do the listeners get into the flute , which is less happy but more important ?
Good morning !
And I &apos;m asking myself , &quot; What &apos;s the problem with me ? &quot;
And so it &apos;s a really interesting time to live — because from a small attempt , we can move past it or other .
This is a moment of change in the Galapagos .
It &apos;s the ability to acknowledge a team to move past counting the city .
Thank you .
I speak to you in a small English accent to make sure we remember the deepest sense that our present situation is no longer a place filled with these negative officials that my people have been beaten up when you saw my generation and you spoke to us and you didn &apos;t know that we had a deep history of inequality , and it brought us all back to a time when they don &apos;t know how to give us feedback
The last thing in four categories is this .
First of all , I say there &apos;s a lot of people in the kitchen . ( Laughter ) If anyone has opened the power of a connectome , I think we can make the world a whole lot better .
It &apos;s a brand new problem .
And basically , just as nobody expected , people started to trade each other .
So how can we get people out of our organization and then how can we get people out of our organization ?
Can you show paper that you actually have owns of this ?
I want you to look really carefully and say , there &apos;s a difference .
And at that time , we are brothers from this planet who are responsible for making this world a better place .
I tried to look at these factors as the best cause of organization success or failure .
It &apos;s what doesn &apos;t show us data .
I was in a big way to reach the brain , because I have a brother who &apos;s a neurological illness deficit .
( Laughter ) I was pretty good at food .
( Applause ) It has happened many times .
Goto.com , which we published in 1998 at TED , was around the time when companies wanted to look at what they were doing .
( Laughter ) It &apos;ll take a little time on all of those things , so it &apos;s not going to take time to do anything else today .
Sam has a good load , needless to say , has been killed .
I wanted to be very organized about it , motivating myself from many of my misconceptions and misconceptions that led me to some of the companies in the past .
So I say to her in my brain , &quot; I &apos;m talking , I need help . &quot;
Dreaders were aspiring for additional income ; it was absolutely critical .
As mentioned , early organizations can change the world , they can create a better place .
And I wondered , this is such an unusual thing , and I was wondering if anyone else had ever had this resourcefulness .
And look , all of the relationships that you have from the outside world , and from that , a depression was lost .
Can anyone guess what it &apos;s like to offer the store 150 million dollars ?
And it also allows us to organize and organize this knowledge of what &apos;s going on in the past so that all of the things we &apos;ve learned since and that the possibilities of the future , which is to justify the impact on our projects .
Now , when we &apos;re here , there &apos;s a lot of people like me , who get to the point in their lives , where , ironically , they just drop whatever happens in their past , just because they say , they &apos;re very happy and depressed .
But the truth is that astronomers and power people keep putting their money in place and the more we should not give to taxes , which means that wealth improvements like advanced access to health and education .
This is why we have an image .
Shortly after that , around an ambulance , around the hall of Boston , Mississippi was rushing to the hospital .
On the left of our brain , we think scientifically and scientifically .
So I grabbed my hand like a dog and stuck it on the sides and just immediately put the girl in the other hand , and then I came back to the normal truth , and I can tell you I was there before the Indus Valley fell in all the way to all the India , and I heard that a guy turned up on the phone and said , &quot; &quot; Wow . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) And I said , &quot; &quot;
And I &apos;m looking at the top card , even though I can see from my naked eyes what my business card looks like , but I can &apos;t tell you it &apos;s a card I don &apos;t think because I don &apos;t see any of the red dots .
How did it happen to us ?
So that was my team .
What &apos;s that bubble ? It &apos;s hard to say .
CA : A decent and heavy people don &apos;t make fun of producing products ?
( Sneezing sound ) Bless you . Bless you . ( Sneezing sound ) Bless you .
Julie Singer : What , the movie business ?
There was its strength .
Why didn &apos;t we just give Mahatma Gandhi 250 million dollars ?
It has an unsustainable benefit .
They picked up my name for my tags , but I want to ask you , did anyone here write their name on Twitter in Arabic ?
And this can be a cause for prevalence and rehabilitation .
There were two journalists who were no longer oppressed , because their jobs were present .
As a result of Trachoma infrared in the eye , an infection with one of the most frequent infections , you can get inflated all the time .
That &apos;s why a lot of people are so frustrated and angry , some of the bankers who are sitting next to the CEO , the same reason that all of the people are so angry and angry , some of the bankers who are CEO , the same reason that so many people are so angry and angry , some of the bankers who are not well-meaning and advisers .
No ! No ? Okay , no problem .
My organization for Galapagos Ventures , this is a phenomenon .
So I put out a name for my company , &quot; &quot; Idea Live , &quot; &quot; the old moment you feel about something you think .
( Laughter ) Then — ( Laughter ) Then we &apos;re going to go to the next level and see what happened in 10 minutes ?
The video is so long , but there &apos;s a little clip of something .
He said , &quot; &quot; No ! It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; meaning , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; meaning . &quot; &quot; &quot; Is the French word right ?
But perhaps time is critical .
So it comes in from the outside .
If you put yourself in Next Jump , you don &apos;t get stuck out of working on efficiency .
Thank you very much , all of you .
Eventually , after a period of time , the rain came down from my brain and it erased a large amount of blood vessels , and it was poisoning at the center of the brain &apos;s sensitivity .
Today there are 2.5 billion people who don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
But a second more important fact to think about .
We have no control over these powers .
I think that the market model is still very quiet , because you can start without a market model , and then , when the wealth agencies grow , you put it in .
And I know a lot of people from all walks of organizations who are not elected , and they are real leaders , and that &apos;s because they have been blind to the left , and that &apos;s because they &apos;ve been blind to see the person on the left , and they &apos;ve been blind to see the person on the right . And they &apos;ve been blind to see their right .
But he had a wonderful time .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
How many months ?
Deciphering the natural world into a few elements is no unusual human characteristics .
And then some failures .
Yes , my foot goes down , and then my balance goes up , and I grab the wall .
I &apos;ve actually received thousands of miles from around the world and from people , from different kinds of backgrounds .
By the time I finished , I was shocked to learn that I was still alive .
You won &apos;t believe these are local manufacturing .
They &apos;re amateur officials , and we do what they say , because we get them to vote , but we don &apos;t follow them .
You just push it in between and outside .
And my initial result was that these people were better than others .
And when I went to visit him , I realized that people are not looking at these quadriplegic teams .
So I take the phone and I apply it here .
Julie Sung : We will carry them . ( CA : You gonna do it ? ) Julie Singer : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JF : Because things like this show that actually , what are the Arab states , violating human rights violations in these governments .
So when we say , &quot; &quot; Self , automation , freedom , &quot; &quot; each and every one of you will create a unique location in your brain . Special emotions are unique to each and every day in a unique history .
After the invention of this model , we learned a lot more about how to use materials .
They write a word or a short film .
The more successful they had to trade with the slightly successful people .
It was a huge task .
This is peak fishing .
And look at what it would look like if you were left behind in this 70-year-old emotional weight that you stood up .
So I had a lot of courage in my life because what I did in my day job was studying this , but on a weekend and weekend , I was going to Newcastle Laws as a way to get to those MIT .
You see , outside of it , there &apos;s an example of a framework in which the black and the blue line is written , along with the translation , &quot; Demand . &quot;
But if we did something , the problem would be a little bit more conductive .
It can take up more than 40 miles of atmosphere and heat up to 20 degrees Celsius in its atmosphere .
For this , our response to publishing has become invaluable in a few months , because we &apos;re making our pocketbook better for the lack of public goods that we have .
This kind of cross-pollination affects all of us .
You &apos;ll see them make the impossible possible .
to be like that ?
If you can and you spend your whole life going forward , you &apos;re pretty successful !
Julian Sanging : It &apos;s true , we sometimes get this knowledge about it . And if we get to a point , we just quickly dismiss the information .
AIDS had a crisis .
You &apos;ll enter a virtual world with a classical language .
( Laughter ) How cool is that ?
So we built DryBath in these creative blocks .
Here I am with my mother , who is a real fate in my life .
I &apos;m also rather surprised by the mosquitos that bear , but also the mosquitos that bite .
I was first surprised by the fluid inside my brain .
( Laughter ) So after trying to influence it in high school and confined resources , which I had , the Health Media Collaboratory entered some new people , did some additional tasks , and now we have an impact on what &apos;s ready for the market , but now we have access to the market .
The lower left of my brain was a nine-way street .
Why are all of these people in the dark ?
So I thought that perhaps the team is the most important thing .
And I started to look at this as a profound problem in the box .
I walked down and looked like a child from a small child .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : And you — I mean , you were just a little bit of a hero , and you were kind of on the edge of things .
But then immediately , just like another one , I discovered in this huge waste stream around me .
You know , in the bush , you &apos;re sent to the people who want to experience yourself in a way that benefits others .
It &apos;s a place where I can step back from my consciousness to where we are .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
That &apos;s what we did , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we don &apos;t know about it .
&quot; &quot; Gosh , come on , solve this problem ! &quot; &quot; And she said .
Things are ready for me , but really the writing will get at the head , and then I will do something like this .
That &apos;s the third part of China , or the entire U.S. , that &apos;s getting out of the sea every year .
And isn &apos;t that the organization we &apos;re all going to like to work for ? And isn &apos;t that the organization we all want to work for ?
So I asked myself , where do these people come from ?
The first was the choice of time .
I mean , it &apos;s all happening now .
The Indus calculation has a profound effect .
Is there a problem with it ? Absolutely not .
( Applause )
They just buy it . One person in Alex doesn &apos;t buy a jar of salt , they buy a ticket every day , because it just takes more money .
But now it &apos;s rampant .
