By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people seem to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty crazy idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So what I first thought about was this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and technologist , and who died from cancer , a weblog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here it is . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally washed away from my cancer drum so that my family and friends would return that message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this site into an archive . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive would have been written better and more caring coordinates than most of them , but in fact , all of us today are
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
Two hundred million &quot; &quot; Hunger &quot; &quot; is sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer generates 90 different content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of your house , or the giant that lives in a box right now .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after year after year .
And I think that &apos;s going to create a couple of incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media survey after we die .
One of them , actually , was quite pleased to find me after I logged in a New York restaurant at Foursquare .
( Video ) Man Osterow : Hello .
Miracle : Adam ?
AO : Oh .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but every time , even in an organic food restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to the ifix . Even before it falls .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How afraid , what ?
So what this service suggests , quite simply , is that they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published later on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is to create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of household movies .
I think while machines can understand human language and address huge amounts of data , analyzing someone &apos;s entire life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the total quantity of content that we create and the technologies can do it meaningfully .
We can see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Tweet &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say in your next text .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be strange .
But you can imagine something like this over the course of 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that collaborate more than people .
But what if those robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this magnificent stage and elections in 2008 in America when CNN directly released its Wi-Fi — hip hop holographic holography in its studio with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for the transportation of our loved ones to our websites — connecting with a very similar life , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s how we &apos;re going to become what it means to be a definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career , I call them the restaurants .
These are people who have made a career out of caring for older people , raising children , pursuing personal interests or for personal health .
It has to do with it , and it has to do with all kinds of careers : veterans , warriors , pennies , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and restaurants .
By employing people to see the waste of their lives as a great risk , and the people who are doing a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist in the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be home with his five children .
Singapore recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Office , and she goes back to work for the social service organization after 25 years .
It &apos;s the longest career I &apos;ve ever known .
Sandra Day O &apos;Connor was not working for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated with the invitation of Today Show to the people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there are five children whose mothers love being home , but after the break , she had to return to work , and after the break , she really wanted to get her job back in her life because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for financial resources , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and guiding them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I could not work with her to see if you could change anything .
I first said to Tracy that she should leave home .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
Don &apos;t worry about that .
We &apos;re just the sun with the possibility of the finally work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
People &apos;s opinion is timely .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from their past , people you work with or teach with , they remind you of how you were before the career break .
And even though self-awareness is decreasing over time , what &apos;s happening to most of us as we continue to separate ourselves from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my microbus a day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great delusion of self-worth to connect with these people and to hear their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career breakfast .
And that was that I did not expect business news .
My field is financial , and I &apos;ve barely followed the news when I was at home growing my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that no longer exist .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , while I was feeling that I was understanding what was going on in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the embodiment of labor force , that &apos;s why .
We have lower levels of collaborative or collaborative change .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our own work skills .
Moreover , we have energy , and we want to go back to work just because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have during the Reporter .
First , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can tell you , I was technologically removed , it &apos;s a constant state .
I used a financial analysis so old that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus 1 to 2 to 3 &quot; &quot; .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a higher challenge , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers believe they &apos;re going to work by owning the core bureaucratic software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility to do it .
And they do .
The second thing they did was they didn &apos;t care about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a working job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been back to work since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term payment , no matter whether you call it surprise or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; started a collaborative reintegration program .
I saw , as the feedback engineer , the untouchable director of reintegration led to the initial levels of regulation in the warfare community , and after that , he got a full-time job .
I saw two universities that were integrating intraspecies into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and this is a story in a magazine called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Sense . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage sitcom girl .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called it &quot; &quot; 50-year-old stealers . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegration program for returning to professionals .
In this case , hundreds of people were participating .
These routes are paid , and the people who go to the polling stations get competitive feedback .
Now , seven of the biggest engineering companies are trying to reintegrate reintegration programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative along with female engineers .
Why is it that companies are choosing reintegration rates ?
Because the uprisings allow the employees to remove the real-world examples of work , stop the conversations , and the employees don &apos;t have to make the long-term jobs until the uprising is over .
This process of testing unlocks the risks that lead to leaders taking on recruitment , and they attract great leaders who become great customers .
Think about how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , a lot of workers were not interested in establishing restaurants .
But now , not only can the programs be created specifically for the reporter , but you can &apos;t also participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of reconstructers , we can solve it for others , for change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans coming back to work was their reintegration software .
And there are no claims to be a pensioner &apos;s curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this would all be possible for something else , but she couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved a company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal to another company to work in a long-term position , she decided to try this exercise and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid for her magic studies .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
Three years of work was a trial , just as a trial , and it ended up in the window with both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more people worked .
But nonetheless , if you come back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or an employee who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of coming to other restaurants .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get a very strong view of the environment .
Using crowd-sourcing .
So this is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a little .
It can take some blood .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just get past it — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the top male .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , if you do that , and you punch it , you can make an excuse .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of hunger .
And we also hired the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects with a Danish artist Saron Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sat phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my uncle &apos;s weird tool that kept me asking for something to do for him , like I was the extension of his body : turning on the light or carrying a glass of water , a pack of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was strengthening , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because she was a good person in the Indian family .
And what struck me the most was how he used the mobile phone .
He would pick up a branch and expect me to grab a number for it .
So , as the answer and the gift of my gift , I made &quot; &quot; Sit Date . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that you have two people using it .
That &apos;s exactly how my uncle uses the mobile phone that &apos;s created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his offerings .
So I made him an gold writing machine that he could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world at the same time .
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a dish , print his elbow and print his elbow , and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a human hand , including this .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical context .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prayer and received by the ritual , as my uncle and likes .
The next piece is a soft sensory installation that we call &quot; &quot; The Clouds . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
This is how it works : we bend the floors on the walls , and there &apos;s little fertilizers behind them .
And when it &apos;s all around them , they sort of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they &apos;re hidden .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we hired over 500 of these small subscribers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once they become silent around them , they &apos;re sort of empty .
They sound like humans or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the audio .
They also don &apos;t respond to funny sounds .
You &apos;ll hear the train that they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Gunshot ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan , and then you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as animals .
So each cheese — self-behavior , psychiatry , the waist , the person and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards , we better taste it .
We made them respond to people , but we noticed that people were making them play and childlike next to them .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of monitoring systems , we &apos;ve created a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their funding so that it can &apos;t see .
I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side you see a video edited in which the camera made it invisible .
Snow walks into the room . Snow ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and removing it .
This is a very early video that won &apos;t solve any of these problems , but it &apos;s immediately overstated .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that was sliced into space , and after monitors on each wall .
All the people who walked into the room saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one individual would always be invisible , and as the group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Solar Window . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s dream of the oil spill or the sun spins .
From far , this object looked very strong and tough , and from the top it was very light .
So people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something that wasn &apos;t working .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was barely scratching the wall .
Eventually , he would regret and confuse .
( Laughter ) This is a work by definition of a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that she might be buried in a cage , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He waves around his head like an ear , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the ground would be very flat , it would have to lie underneath the space .
And there &apos;s no laws or wires .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People go into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re overweight , you get a reputation , and it seems to be OK .
And that &apos;s an important moment , because that &apos;s how we wanted to challenge the instinctive willingness to run for it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does , again , somehow .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , like most of our work , to break down the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to reconstruct the moment of his criticism , because if we had built it so that he would be blamed , he would have been blamed , but if he hadn &apos;t been blamed enough , he wouldn &apos;t have the sense of inevitability , so he would have wanted to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip of this object that we &apos;re testing — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly dedicated to , working with aesthetic steel , with a lot of different kinds of jewelry displays , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
So we developed all this around the shape of a spaceship shape that was attached in the palm .
Our idea was to bring something as warm and remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a clay knife , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re looking at this shape as a bubble , and you &apos;re thinking of it as a bubble in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; The Wilderness of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , trying to zoom in on you , trying to zoom in on you , trying to zoom in on you , growing into a bigger and eight-foot object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts by keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — like trying to preserve a secret or something .
We work a lot with the technique , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express the emotions or the behaviors of our creatures .
And if we just look at some creature in our head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what shape it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services we use , all the relationships , all the industry , all the commerce .
And it happens throughout our lives .
I &apos;m convinced that someday this will happen to the history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generations , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 1.2-inch disk is Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that was found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s see .
Okay .
This is the cross-sector of the laptop display sector , and if you look closely , you can see this one , which says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to join . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basin and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of Pakistani backgrounds .
There &apos;s actually a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are a couple of pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was caught .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is an address of 730 Nizam broccoli in Allah Iqbal .
I put them on the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Simple and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting there .
These are men who were first described by the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt a bit of an epiphany about the understanding that both Basin and Amjad computers were also struck hundreds of times over , completely unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s and &apos; 90s , of course , are no longer a problem .
Let me show you a few examples of what they looked like .
I left here a system that allows me to launch old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s take it here .
Here we have an old virus list .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of the screen there are a hundred laptops , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what a Walker virus does .
Yes , when you shut it down , you start walking through your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the viruses were created by the young and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teenagers .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , which we follow specific viruses around the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the newest virus we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands of them , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the largest organized crime groups that write these viruses because they work from those viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page that operates in Mask , where these guys are crossing the computer .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can hack computers to sell — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys actually work on laptops ?
Well , there are a bunch of different ways , like the bankers &apos; triangles that make money from your Internet bank when you use it , or it can be cyclones .
The guerrillas are quietly hiding on your computer and recording everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search for a dictionary that you type in is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every one of you has an email address which is protected and sent to prisoners .
It can do the same for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions where you get in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in a shop online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found a few weeks ago in the service .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that obviously is a problem .
We now have a fancy market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s take a look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also successfully agreed with INTERPOL , for example , Shaileship Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys did an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal justice operation where they stole millions of people .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. council accounted for a Swiss bank account of $ 14.9 million American dollars in bank account .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that online crime can allow itself to invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals train programmers , tax testers , test their code and have reverse systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how people work — and try to avoid any protection from any medium we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to be coming from Estonia , moves from one country to the next when only the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They &apos;re changing from one country to another , from one lawyer to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving some intangible bills to cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who have never been able to get us there can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one file stuck .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old cross-section of the letter that &apos;s being crushed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture of failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take over your computer control and leave that code .
So if you look at the phallus of this painting — this is the diameter of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s explain it .
It was printed using XOR function 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so confused .
And we can go there and actually excavate it .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ in any way .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you can see the web address : onononesek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device through which your computer is going to take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to cross the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under the entire encryption , as if it were written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I &apos;m proud of it .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a couple of hands in the lab , and one of them thinks there &apos;s a pole , like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone number and number of cars and so on .
So I started looking for contacts in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this one page .
This is a Russian that &apos;s been working on the Internet for a couple of years now , and he has his own personal site , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And in this network , he wrote about his life as he lived in Santa Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — writing about his cat , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good car for a 20-year-old from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Santa Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put photographs of that event on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all these pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when Internet crashes happen ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
The vast majority of cybercrime floods , we don &apos;t even know where the land is going to go .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some reason we can &apos;t shrink them .
I would like it to be simple , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard about things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they cracked .
This is Siemens S7-400 PLC programmed in a logical management block .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , the letters in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invaded one , there was a massive revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take away .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any farm , any farm , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computers controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We need to have some way of working even if computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So ready means that we can do things even when the things that we understand don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about continuity , replicating repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t defend cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is a broader global , international law job seeking out crime groups online — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are trying to become part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I were on the road from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout the state parks and national forests — practically the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally confirms his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And then I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments , and then she starts laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were picking up . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when it happens , and what we can tell from all of that is human nature .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange sort of career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
Human beings , collectively , are wrong .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all the accidents I have here , I am in the middle of time , all of a sudden the awareness of this abstract misconception of failure is vanishing through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings in real time ; we have time to stay with the family ; we go to choice and vote for the rest of the time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , obsessed with this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a community , as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we feel about this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this right ?
One of the reasons , actually , is that it relates to the sensation when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to be ugly .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to perceive that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , it can actually be ridiculous , as my sweetheart mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a floating leg , always running and never catching a bird ?
Almost every time this movie was in a series of moments where the leg hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the jar , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can move .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that it &apos;s also perfectly fine for legs .
He just keeps running — to the very moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he jumps out of the slope , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re already wrong , we &apos;re already running , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So , in fact , I should confess what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong until we &apos;re too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the test scores , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not an excuse .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a drunk friend , someone who never does homework .
So by the age of nine , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are smart , irresponsible , and second , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us , and I suspect , especially a lot of us in this room , are dealing with it simply by becoming idealistic little decades , idealistic , minimalistic .
Well , sir , I was the director of finance , astrophysical , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon people .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , then we were terribly afraid of the possibility of doing something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , dignified and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is the Harvard Hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s focused on the operator .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their work — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body fixed ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon has done serious operation on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of the Health Medical Journal of Beth Israel talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the essence of having too much faith in the sense that you are right in everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like 757 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the decline of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just utterly illustrating reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans explain reality in a similar way — a couple of failing assumptions .
The first thing we do is something that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them more closely , they will come out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we move to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to get it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite smart , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it because of their personal goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This inclusion of our judgment keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and makes us act compassionately with each other .
But what makes me most glamorous and most tragic is that it deals with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are invisible to the windows , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the night sky at the same time and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years ago , until Doctor put the phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Have Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , I &apos;m called . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something we can take away or destroy .
It &apos;s a whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
My view is that this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
Last year , for several reasons , I covered myself with the promise of a lot of public radio show &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these stories were all about failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became smart enough to make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which happened not once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I remembered it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As fashion designers , we laugh that every single show of us has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen to one and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , imperfect moments of mistakes and mistakes to make these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the audience , the audience , are losing it .
We like things like instant feedback , mishints and unexpected endings .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his lifetime until he was too old and he was sick and he was going to be able to transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you &apos;re going to grow up and go out of high school , come back to your city and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Luckily and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Don &apos;t worry , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and progress and innovation , but you know , why do we need all this innovation and progress and innovation ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times over , are fantastic new inventions .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you have to dig deeper into this tiny , awful space of justice and look at each other and look at the vastness and the complexity and the mystery of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee Kane , the leader of Jewish life .
Luckily , those plans were hung by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the center of the World Trade Center .
Nosair was finally destroyed by criminalization .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to realize that in life we want those same things .
A few months ago , he called me out of his army , and he explained that for the last few weeks , his friends and I went to the San Ailand basement to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my brown hole broke into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , the target broke .
My uncle turned to another man , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father and son were like .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same thing that my father had .
Those people ended up being slaughtered out of a tent filled with 650 pounds of sprouts and leaving them at a lower level stadium , a global trade center in the North Pole , creating a ski pole , killing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I grew up with .
The people I call amum , which means the box .
For a long time in class when I was a new face , I often followed the experience .
I was raised to give people criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my thinking was the choices of the president in the 2000s .
My focus was on the violence of my group when I was young , because I was so experienced in so much of my life , and I was so emotional .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day in the convention , I found out that one of the children I interviewed were Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and honestly , I felt embarrassed by going through a barrier , which for most of my life was perceived as ineffective .
The next major step in translation was to find Bus Gardens &apos; work in summer .
There I was showing all the belief and culture people , and this experience was central to the education of my distant character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin , and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
In the industrial park , I had the opportunity to work in exhibitions with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other pains , and it seems to me that it &apos;s counterintuitive to treat good people not the way I would like you to treat me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my lifelong experience and with interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Day Chair . &quot; &quot; Next door , Jon Stewart challenged me to be open to my own fanaticism , and it helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and recognizing that a Jewish comedian had a greater impact on me than my father , an extremist father , is not my home .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind eye , a man who suffered enough compassion and said , &quot; I have trouble not to hate people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it took to keep the unseen in myself .
Zake Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I explore my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , that although I was obsessed with this ugly , unorderly ideology , I was not obsessed with fantasy .
Instead , I chose my experience to use war against terrorism , against fundamentalism .
I do this because of the sacrifices of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the horror pain and loss that their lives have created terrorism .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these horrible acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that his son does not have to follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of my toenails , I realized I had no toes .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I quickly went and tried other windows and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night , because in the morning , I had an old duck in Europe , and I needed my back and my bed .
And as I got deeper and deeper , I found a big rock , and I broke down a hallway window , and I took a glass of glass , and I stuck it inside , and I found a piece of cardboard , and I filled it with my thumb , and I thought that morning , when I went up to the air hall , I could call the master to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a browser player in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings are going to look like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cortex , which improves heart failure , which changes adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And just in the traveling record , I realized I had no meat . ( Laughter )
This is me flying home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back to the air , and I prayed , but they had given my place to someone else , so I went back to the airplane headquarters next to the toilet , to a seat that was unremembered in the eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do anything , set up systems that protect you from these bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens already , the probability of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was laughing , I was telling you about my lost window and how I forgot about it , and Danny said he was practicing something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a method by a psychologist named Gary Klein a few years ago called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When failure happens , a team of experts shows up and they try to figure out what happened .
So today , I want to talk about a couple of things that can be done as a current study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Put a place in the mosque where things are easily made .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , there &apos;s a place of trees where there &apos;s a friendly and opposite sex .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that lifts London-style drivers .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winds to find their own curves .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid , and they still found putrid .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly inspired by the machinery of the brain to find things .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so good for moving things .
And therefore we lose the rocks of the machine , or the eyes of the reading and the backs .
So distribute your place at home for your numbers — a cabin on the door , maybe a decorative skin .
For the world , it &apos;s a particular table .
For adults , it &apos;s a particular table .
If you divide space and you try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , send yourself to the cloud to be cloudy .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly straightforward .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The cortisol is delicious ; it challenges thinking .
So part of pre-med analysis is is to understand that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about our treatment or our treatment of the neighborhood or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — any decision that drives rational dataset .
So you go to the doctor and she says , &quot; What I just got was the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the higher risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you might think , well , the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol by building . &quot; &quot; You may have heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , maybe even you know something that &apos;s consuming them .
That &apos;s the number we need to make .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take medication or have surgery or other treatments to get one cure .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And this is not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything is for that and for that , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlin estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers required to make the standard most commonly , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make a difference ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medicine for years , while they &apos;re having a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; Well , one in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another value , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the external effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : following muscle pain and spinal cord pain , creating shame and marshmallow — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is better , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a cure than to help .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can check whether you want to take risks or not .
Now , you might think , well , I &apos;ve taken this number off my head to offend you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to offend you .
For most surgeries , men under the age of 50 , state-of-the-art surgery is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries being done while treating one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erectoral disturbance , their secrecy destruction , their lack of resolution .
And if you &apos;re following it , and you &apos;re one of those who means it , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to think about questions that would allow us to start talking .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because you often have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one that can make a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our family and with our loved ones .
You can think about the enthusiasm of the event , but at least you &apos;re going to have tried to do it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a burglar alarm or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles into its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that happens in the window during stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues showed .
So we need to train ourselves to think early on about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re not all naked .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think back before what unfortunate might happen , to have a functional way of reducing harm or eliminating the road to bad things .
Back to that night in Mongolia , when I returned from my trip , I asked the master to set up a coding track next to my door , with a few doors ahead , with an easy remembering code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t paint and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a modest process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union covered a large number of objects in an unlivable space .
They were expecting to attract a lot of people around the world &apos;s ideas for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
And in the foreground , there &apos;s a silver bullet , two radios inside .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then design a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbia have had the pleasure of finding new lands .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And this is going to be a future for us to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the release , Sputnik generated all sorts of things .
A human being remembered for a moon , seen by ordinary people , gave respect and humiliation that people finally put something into space .
But after three days , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and now they can suppress us with hydrogen bombs through Sputnik .
And then the whole summary began .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three great American crashes , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He had caught a rocket ship .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s a competition for space warfare .
By funding the Congress , within a year , the weapons were rapidly growing : from 1,200 to 20,000 atomic weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was far more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation trained in tens of millions of people in 78 cities , thousands underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik , though , has made amazing changes .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , education in general , has gone rampant .
Vince Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very unsustainable to the things that Americans generally benefit .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use yoga and thank one of my investors — for a long time , joining TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked for 44 years at the Institute of Massachusetts , working for the first TED Convention .
The third environment is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clouds , rocks , dance , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they were going to go to war victims .
These things were found in mass graves in my hometown , and even when we were speaking to experts , the body would reinvent mass graves , 20 years after the war had happened .
And it seems to be the biggest crocodile ever discovered .
During the four collapses of the Cold War , the heavy Bosnian detection devastated in the early &apos; 90s , a year , about 30,000 people , most of whom were civilians , died , and 100,000 were killed in cardiac operations .
The International Communications Rights Movement revealed a few prayers against crimes of humanity and gender .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and ultimately , the same idea that they had ever existed , perpetuated .
The genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance of human identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be dead ends that are more valuable than slime mold or memories that are easily molded .
Our goal is that no body will ever be recognized .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the mushrooms carry with themselves to the site of execution are highly controlled , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable tool in the victims of war crimes .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out what these things belonged to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardened or just been sold out of our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people a lot more .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforgiving and accurate reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these things guarantee that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; copyright expert , &quot; &quot; and the result of that is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us , as close as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , they will only survive inside their pockets of bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I decided to photograph for the entire month every day .
I would never have been so consumed by events .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the work projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re most involved in the sphere of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Way .
The audience , sort of , walks into the room , and instantaneously pulls these posters into the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s almost as if the observer sees the observer , but it seems like he &apos;s grabbing and reaching out to the gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here is the essence of two conditions .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete silence .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And it reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 21st century , the alignment plate , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Alliance abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
It &apos;s about that much . And at least it &apos;s the A4 format .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s almost as if the viewer is staring at being in space , and it &apos;s becoming palliative and self-conscious as it is , like , sensing the being or moving in a room as it is and repeating itself .
( Laughter ) So it seems like a viewer is creating a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be , quite frankly , that the claws themselves are so tightly kept to construct the rules that they , in a sense , apply to the viewer &apos;s video .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a paper page attached to the remote wall , but you &apos;ll see it either as an A4 shape , or a paper sheet of paper , which is held from either sides of two small arms , which were toppled with immense attention and attention from the medium of a small piece of paper .
And the viewer also sees that this whole skull is sort of moving very , very uncomfortable , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without spending a long time either , and they don &apos;t do that .
So this instability is very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and we translated the movement onto the plate .
Here &apos;s a video .
You have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to defeat the gesture of a cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the number of bread masses that you have to perform in this audience , and it &apos;s very hollow to present this paper page to the observer in front of you .
Another job is the Masai .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high as an antenna — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks away from him , he sort of covers from one side to the other and moves his hand more and more frequently as the person gets touched .
This is the first test scenario .
You can see two integrated movements , and the object appears to be trying to use all of itself in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get attention to the person , it &apos;s not interesting to him , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of a massage .
It looks like this is a machine manufacturing device , as if it came from factories like vacuum tubes or washing machines .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this aesthetic of consumers as if they &apos;re making an object and giving us a little bit of distance with their image .
And therefore we are a selfish creature who is trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; The Laptop . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It &apos;s got an amphitheater shape made out of an auditorium the size of a person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this big and the audience is sort of occupying my whole field of view .
There are 996 little shapes in the audience .
They &apos;re learning mechanically to expand by choosing .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand as powerful and as long as they want to be acting around them or affecting others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a bunch of claims or claims , and then no one happens until the viewer gets off the stage and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak applauses from the audience , or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has a unique musical constant as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and various musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of solving and a sense of urgency and irritation .
It also has seduction and puncture .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy about the image sharing in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and inflection .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t think when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called Race Strip .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of herd .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create our own dress or a network that sits in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes living on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and on the first road , hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characters characters characters and movie groups , as if the slime mold had physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance like they &apos;re isolated and they don &apos;t have any interests , like they &apos;re restless and comfortable , until they feel the way they look and they hide behind the closest wall .
So this project gives us a unique contradiction .
These forms are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of gripping , but also gripping , because it allows them to remain grim and naive , and worry about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life experiences that I &apos;m talking about are a little bit less transferred to a relatively specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with the City ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the motion of the head and back to the motion .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits into my hole .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you &apos;ve done enough so that later on in the difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything , you &apos;ll lose your limbs . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then I had my 90 p.m. diceration that I had to write for years .
I knew that doing this kind of work didn &apos;t work .
It &apos;s a big project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to turn up the lights , and then at the end — I &apos;m going to turn on the height , just like I &apos;m going to jump under the tent .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived for two weeks .
I got up one morning , having three days to bed , and not one word still , and the only way I could do it is I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , and I broke down not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped across the city , ended up slow down like a movie , and I printed it before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Not really . ( Laughter )
It was bad , it was a very bad revival . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s great ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today , I am a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain , and a real non-processing brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for a single-person ?
It means it &apos;s all good until it happens like this .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but this is not what the monkey does , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious work .
The great monkey in Malawi is not the one who has to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only care about two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And humans are just one other species of animals .
You need to learn to memorize , memorize and keep a marriage , and all of that in life in the grave would be replaced .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another living creature in our brains — the Rational Society of Choices that allow us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take things that are fun and easy to do , like on a dinner party or on a bed , or enjoy a sustainable pool .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to make things that are difficult and not that stupid , that &apos;s a common image .
And there &apos;s a conflict .
I call it the Tamil Play Walk .
This is where freedom functions shouldn &apos;t occur .
When the monkey leader of the monkey , the question becomes , how do you allocate subjects in the blue areas , not in the kind of cool place where important things happen ?
It turns out that the payload has a coal mine , which , from the top , looks at it in the toughest times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , it &apos;s the only one that the monkey feared .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get involved and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , let &apos;s get Google Earth involved , and let &apos;s get the Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned six months into four , then — two , and after that — one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web up , and I saw my face , and I looked at it .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster is going off the front , and after a few seconds , the whole system is in complete chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing monster — remember the Panic Monster is bringing her pain — oh , she &apos;s gone !
And finally , the Rational Court Prime Minister can take a steak , and I &apos;m about to start writing language .
Panic Monstro explains all the unusual behavior of the unemployed , such as something like me can &apos;t write a first word for two weeks , and then with a marvelous work , it does not go all night long and write eight pages .
This is a situation with three characters , a delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were frustrated , and he wrote about how delegation affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of attention .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it than about funny , short-term focus .
It &apos;s often survived in silence and alone .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in so bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re going to go quickly on a particular project .
This long-term focus has made them into views in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and all of a sudden I realized that , in my opinion , the unemployed doesn &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s normal to do with terms , but remember : the monkey acts when there are no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a screen for every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to think about what we actually pay for , because every life sucks .
We should not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows are not that much , it &apos;s the work that we should start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Seinson , who was convicted of the constitution of Congress in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , paved the way towards the medical echoes .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the rainforest , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had gotten an approved GoPro camera on the floor and captured this event .
This is a picture of Captain Swinson with a colleague who was carrying a dead warrior , crying into his pocket .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I want to know , why aren &apos;t there people around me that I do this ?
Versle is a prize for people who choose to thank others for allowing us to benefit .
Everything is going wrong , right ?
And the first thing I came up with was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are more likely to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
I had a great honor to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all responded in one way : &quot; Because they would have done that for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s output weather , and perhaps the tiger with time , all of these forces act to reduce the longevity of our lives .
So we become social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in a zone where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
That means that at night , I can lie up and confess that somebody from the offensive crisis is safe .
The modern world is just like this .
It can be a new technology to be able to hide your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or stepping out of business , but at least trying to get your blueprint on improving and taking away your business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership matters because tone creates leadership .
I took a flight to the airplane one morning , and I became the first mate : the passenger was trying to get on the airplane before he turned it on the number , and I was watching him work on the plane , treating him as his destiny , as his destiny .
He was shocked to try slightly too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you treat us as human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , a word .
&quot; &quot; Mom , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can come to work or not run . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said it .
I don &apos;t want to meet my leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we have to take time and power away from each other , and that fundamentally destroys our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it mean to be like ?
Different leaders want the same .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to build their beliefs on themselves , their opportunities to try and dream , and to achieve more than we could ever imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech company in New York , so this person tells you that when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to take one of your children away ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people to work in our companies ?
Next Yump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel such an instinctive dissatisfaction and urge for those bank leaders to get unproportional rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they made the most important principle of leadership .
They followed the rule of social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the 150 million dollar prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mothers Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will fight it .
Different leaders don &apos;t give anything .
It &apos;s called numbers .
They value crop numbers .
Bob Chapman , who runs a big manufacturing company in the Midwest , &quot; &quot; Barry-Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the night she lost 30 percent of all her sentences .
In large manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t sustain workforce .
He had to save 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the government sat down to answer the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees &apos; hearts are much harder to reduce their hearts .
It was determined to run a stock program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of untrainable leave .
The acousticians could choose any time , and not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for everybody to suffer after a while than someone who suffered badly , and in that way , he suffered from collateral morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re saying because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be following those people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a couple of warriors that were out there in the war zone , and as the warrior was adopted , the leader of the officer was eating the last and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they were stopped eating the food suppliers .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call them leaders , because they worship their savings so that only their people are safe and their people should benefit , and in doing so , we get the natural response — our people will earn for us .
They bring their blood , their hands , their skirts to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood on and your milk and your skirt on that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work with ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of the Andes .
This is how I grew up : encouraged to see into the future without limitations .
Some of my learning went on how I helped her work in remote , local communities .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city &apos;s borders , life with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and so on .
During these trips , my grandmother was lying in the Kiplingo poem , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Something is wrong .
Go look for the moon .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Get ready and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; After six years , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has some heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
The families have to live inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to stop .
If it &apos;s not done , the child has a heart valve .
It involves contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes dramatically increases with height .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re desperately trying to breathe .
The only cure for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Moses was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the rain was the green drop of blood .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as our first invention .
A child &apos;s heart can be dealt with it .
Religion is a waste of time .
Maybe that doesn &apos;t seem possible to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these huge problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter moves a rhythm to the heart .
Then one made a hole .
After this inspired moment , he followed a very long effort by creating and building a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with us successfully , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The chair at the top of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
So the research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Around the years , indigenous women told stories by writing complicated stories with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with new tools .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we designed a design made out of powerful materials that make shape .
It seems like the audience at this moment allows us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform to a complicated structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hole .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s standing in the right foot , and it &apos;s making a hole .
We have this beautiful system of building that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
This is a child before the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful for both medicine and human beings .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the former patients are part of our team , the team , through the interaction of patients that work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly capture power and coherence drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind , not because of lessons or access .
So we need to start with a one-size-fits-all model .
We bring one device to make sure every child gets treated .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one impossible idea , and we &apos;ll expand it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a small town called Motion .
Water and electricity were just as unpredictable as weather , growing up in these complex conditions , when I was 17 , I came across a couple of friends &apos; land , and we were burned in the sun .
The Sun burns very well .
When you get pregnant , a friend says to me , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why isn &apos;t nobody telling you something you can put on your skin and you shouldn &apos;t kill ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I looked a little , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases extend to these conditions , and the main thing for these diseases is called a trachoma .
Those are infections in the eye of a cockroach when the eye is turned off , and some of the diseased infections can be totally naked .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that when you avoid malarious infections , you have to swim a face : you don &apos;t need drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phone , it &apos;s 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have any trust in the Internet , I had 20 hours of Internet coffee — I went to Wikipedia and I did Google
It looked like something out of a CFC art , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my mobile phone , whereas I &apos;m the youngest person ever received the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I don &apos;t have to add anything anymore . ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , the world &apos;s first changed changed frame .
You put it on the roof , and you don &apos;t need to touch it .
( Laughter ) So , I was trying to make a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in markets , and you can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much it takes , and Adam Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the bullets . He crosses one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s broken .
So we started turning DryBath into little innovative packaging .
Put it in half and print it .
The fun part is that one package has a five-year scholarship .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about product adoption .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DryBath in their worms . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We figured out that you could save 80 million pounds of water every time you take a bathroom , you could save two hours a day from a village farm — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw this kind of global value , we came up with a description of the basic functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poor man , life is vital .
So we tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to deliver it to the trade , with an international community , we &apos;re going to bring in the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the Limpopo Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the industrial world , the first African to ever declare this reward , and the strangest thing I &apos;ve ever done is because I don &apos;t like to cheat . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and then I returned to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and saw several patients .
I spent a month there , and two things struck me .
I asked myself , are we going to meet expenses deficit , or are we going to forget patients ?
Most countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Others , new drugs don &apos;t get compressed , so they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are , in some sense , the targets of government .
A lot of health care solutions are available for them .
You choose a lab coat , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the prescription to the doctors , you can reduce the cost .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no wonder that some of my classmates are pure .
So BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we kind of got back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the way patients are , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it the value of health care .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of the treatment of patients in relation to the money we spend .
This was a beautiful description in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg in his book .
This is a picture of me holding three beautiful daughters in my hand .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in our research was the overload we saw .
And compared to hospitals in the country , you can find that it &apos;s extremely good , but the numbers of bad are extremely large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erick suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , it can lead to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , he &apos;s about 50 percent unprotected , so he should start using the sun again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he would go to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk would be only five percent .
So either you have a year &apos;s worth of money , or you have a twentysomethings risk .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
And looking at a lot of different diseases , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
Back in the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who came together during the year and spoke about what procedures they used to use in the operating room .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal sheets of paper that you could use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everyone was worried that , &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one really knew it and recognized it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we should know and learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They negotiated for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the cube in the operation ? &quot;
And when they did , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a penis in the patient &apos;s bone , before you put in a metal pill , it will last a long time , and most of the patients will never need to operate .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A few years later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing ?
They would hunt each other to learn — it &apos;s an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , decide what &apos;s the best , start the research , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
It &apos;s permanent improvement .
But it &apos;s not the only entertaining side .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the cost effects , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who aspire to quality had at the same time the least expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was research on how many patients had to operate again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD does a study of the quality of health care when it comes to countries .
For most diseases , the U.S. quality index is smaller than the average , according to the OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality and asserting its quality to the middle of the OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year for people in the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but is everything logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The medical care system works — doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is they care about what they &apos;re able to achieve by looking at the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have another quality .
They like to recognize others .
If a cardiologist calls up to another cardiologist at another hospital , and they discuss why the other hospital does better and better , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community , in which we can monitor and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic installations , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the International Consortium of Health Metrics .
We bring in one place the best doctors and the patients to talk about , illness after illness , which is really qualitative , what we should consider to be the global standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last few years : Cataracts , warning pain , polio eradication , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show workshops on this laptop .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to study 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like this . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinct to achieve quality , critical outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in the classrooms with doctors and nurses and others discussing about childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what costs are patients teaching us , can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the session , the top of the chart stood up .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he raised his sword and said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally are discussing what this hospital is doing right now . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can be employed in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system to turn it into not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that observing health care can start a transition , and I think that the modern medical adviser , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of my amazing discoveries , which are mostly about the success of companies , how important it really is to succumb to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people with the right outcomes and you put them into a starting company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so big ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a methodological job of avoiding some of my experiences and perhaps some of the wrong assumptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been building workshops for 12 years , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-electrified bus stop , when I was in high school , I was doing solar power installations when I was in college , making soundscapes .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who was the most effective contributor to corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab &quot; &quot; because it &apos;s a very valuable &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the experience , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The team &apos;s masterpiece shows its ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Cloudness is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of income from a client ?
In my mind , it started to come to the top , that maybe it was the most successful influence .
Then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies get very big funding .
Maybe that &apos;s the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea stand up too early , and the world is not ready for it ?
Are we there earlier , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 Ideal companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First , these Idealab companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith in them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reconcile all of these definitions , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not the idealab , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few worms : &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; Kozmo , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were startling me .
Number one was time .
Time was important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and famine .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own choices to take their home to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Soldiers were looking for additional money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract space .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We founded Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the material on the Internet , you had to add code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash , and as the widespread range increased 50 percent , in America , it also appeared to be YouTube .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So to sum up , it really matters .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
Hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher levels of success , and to do something wonderful to this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I was happy to start my college life , lecture , dinner , getting into college laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and resented , and I was scared of other people , the future , the failure and the passion I felt inside .
I walked out of the closet when it all started , dreaming of the closet , dreaming of my closet , and just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came true .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting everything to the third person .
&quot; She goes to a lecture . &quot;
It was neutral , it was ugly , and even , after a while , it was strange and intimidating , although sometimes I noticed it reflected my unseen emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I kept it quiet , and I kept hiding because I was angry , then the voice was confused .
After a while , a gentle conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors about this .
And then I was desperately interested and helped , so I told him about a strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television station where I was interviewing students in the field of the university , and during one interview I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been focused on a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by this terrible , terrible feeling of hopelessness , awareness and despair for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as experiences but as symptoms , my fear and desire to respond has increased .
And then I was basically aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices made me angry and angry .
Do you see that glass of water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of avoidance , of faith and uncomprehension , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find more targets than commitment .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : welcoming voices , absurd images , strange , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years of humiliation seems to be dead , but something has been saved .
The pencil was originally disillusioned and humbled , but the person who cared about all that was disabled and eventually brought up into the person I was supposed to be .
In my life , a lot of people have scared me and I remember them all , but those memories stick with the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to get all the good , full-blown people who fought with me and who were waiting for me to come out of those courageous and singular spaces .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , it was essential to learn to distinguish metaphorical meaning from the meaning that I believed before .
For example , the voices that were threatened to kill my house , I learned how to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my father &apos;s sleeping bag to protect them from what it looked like to me , a real voice trap .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Sstrategic .
I finally got my pieces reported , and each of the pieces had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the drugs and came back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud of being involved in Interview , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and its foundation was inspired by Professor Marie Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she saw voices like a survival strategy , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that
This society isn &apos;t just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Christ , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who admire you .
You cannot prevent people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Vice Foundation has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to promote the sense of dignity and unity , giving powerful people who are related to mental problems by creating a new language and behavior that essentially frames the path of unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique creature , a dedicated part of himself to cure himself and an intellectual capacity to use that capacity .
In this view , societal societies have no greater priority or privilege of helping others through their education , to be residents and to raise their hands sharing the pain of suffering and to provide hope for healing .
We are special . We are not changing .
What lies inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets tired .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because of course these are photos that are impossible to photograph .
However , my interest in photography caught fire when I first launched my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my passion for the earlier painting , but it was slightly different , because using the camera , it &apos;s more important to plan .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a pencil .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you break the button .
Images like this : road work takes place in the palm of movement .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean photographs &apos; reality .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to be understood .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment itself .
But what is it about transparency that makes this picture real ?
Does it have anything to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But ultimately , it &apos;s the way we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real ; we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a part of reality where you can layer various parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But connecting in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that could exist .
But at the same time , we know they can &apos;t .
So we raise the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and I connect pictures .
It &apos;s simply a distortion of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in the other case , it just seems like the wrong picture .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Connected pictures should be photographed in the same way .
Secondly , linked pictures should have similar education .
These two images are filled with two requirements : photo at the same altitude and light .
Number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
It &apos;s not possible to say how the image was actually created .
So by laying colors and contrasts and lights in packets and different images , by laying photoreceptors of space , by layering the color and the glue , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they appear as a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think that &apos;s just a production , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea of scale , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the suit .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
The continents are from different places .
The bottom is photographed in the stone floor .
And yeah , I even put my house on red walls to look sweet .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is to plan .
Everything always starts from scratch , ideas .
Then they &apos;re degraded , mixed pictures .
And each part here is very well-thought , planned .
If it &apos;s successful at delivering the right amount , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Doctors from Panama started a secret sauce , a negative office world .
We immediately got the reverb .
The Icelandic premierer stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his childhood friend , a fabulous violinist .
There are more tickets out there that are worried about the rise of new stories , about the spread of one more documents .
It sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if a rich and powerful person can keep the money in their office and not teach the classrooms , it leaves less friction for public services like healthcare , education , transportation .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are these phenomenal manifestations .
The media and political leaders are wondering how official space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think most office worlds are glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a metaphor .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another one , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , can &apos;t figure out what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly enough , this event did not corrupt U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding in the slow office .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , from Vajomingos or from Nevada , we would see more connections with Americans .
It &apos;s privilege in America that allows senior workers to expand their students , the winners , the investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was only a negotiable meeting , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual situation .
The point is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for dissent from the students .
Unfortunately , the United States is reverberating .
So you want the Panama movement to give us a glimpse of the openness of the office world to celebrate the openness of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; Business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secret that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , John .
It &apos;s said that your son , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to be making more secret documents than the sum of the parts of the world .
Could it be that way ?
JC : Well , can it be that way ?
What &apos;s worrying about this is that the whole print of the world works so simple that a group of activists can transmit more information in this way than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : What &apos;s going on ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you secure sources ?
JS : You can tell that those people are the classic closed receivers of information , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art encryption methods on the Internet , without accessing the footprint , whereas information is uploaded to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the judge and gets legal protection .
We get information on electronic patterns , simple patterns , or non-verbal patterns , and we give it a formula — what we rarely do , because language is all about mass transition of information , and our own separation from the inevitable legal and political population .
K. Anderson : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we find out about it at some stage , we &apos;re going to process information as quickly as we can .
( Phone clapping ) Behind the door .
( Laughter ) CA : I think the Crimer here is worrying about how to become a TED Fellow . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s reply .
This was the cover of celebration that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , led Daniel Arthur Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and with one more answer , they spent about two million pounds .
The government of information wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press corps .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , before the election , of the national election group , 28 days .
We published the report three days later , after a new president in Kibaki decided to meet the man who was going to crash , Daniel or Moi , and so this report to President Kibaki became unthinkable .
CA : To put it bluntly , you could say that accounting information had been connected to Kenya not by official media , but by the way . In your opinion , it really changed the outcome of the elections ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was printed in Kenya neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it was safe to talk about , and Kenyan printing .
This news coverage in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and Kenya &apos;s Government data revealed 10 percent of the vote results and it was taken by the winner of the election .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Andersen : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an aerial Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not about people who are sensitive .
Radio : ... powerful , whenever you could , it was all open .
I see your element , four Humvees , going one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Great .
Tell me when you see them . Shake .
Embrace them all .
First , fire !
( Automotive cars ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Automotive cars ) Sorry .
The butterfly — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We &apos;ve got to move , we &apos;ve got time !
Okay , so we just ran eight individuals .
Yes , we see two birds , &#91; unclear &#93; , and we &apos;re still pale .
I get it . I see it .
Two-six , we speak D-6 , we move .
Ups , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , cha-ha . I beat them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : For those of you who did it , it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that happened there .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? Two Reuters from the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters workers , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
K. Anderson : The search for this video has made a global appeal .
What do you think was the main reason for not enjoying it ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out in the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving 30 millimeters of caliber , looking for wisdom to warm and kill the people who are saving the killing .
There were two journalists who were really not jealous , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning , a U.S. Senate analyst , agreed that he had posted this video to you , and together , 280,000 secrets of U.S. embassy cables .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a sentence for 150,000 calories , and 50 reviews .
At the beginning of this year , we have a cable on the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a big adviser in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have been a genius . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the real truth about , say , the Arab government , certain human rights violations in those states .
Looking at these hidden wires , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to publish hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can get through the supermarket .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations aren &apos;t sending to the efforts and the resources that they &apos;re putting out there , that &apos;s a good brand , that allows you to expect to be able to achieve something good . Organizations that are empowering that information that they know from the beginning to the end have a lot of jobs to store that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals who are at risk , or to any society , that information transmission can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the case of our investigative information .
I mean , it &apos;s considered a bad immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized from which you could identify the person .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data is provided mystery , but our sources , which provide information , actually have to be based on doing that .
K. Anderson : You &apos;ve got to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military , he would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out for the wrong reasons .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world have made that the wars of America are inhumanitarian .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear a lot about these things .
But remember , the people of Baghdad , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see it every day .
But video can transform perception and understanding of the people who learn from it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : What do you call this a way to shine light on black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic that when you try to unlock another mystery , do you think of yourself in the mystery of information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia editing .
We don &apos;t have sources that would be huge in other sources .
If we did this , it would be a crazy situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral compass of our mission , not the contrary .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what we &apos;re hearing now — what the implications of the TED audience are .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or a lady , a tadpole , carrying light .
Or a dangerous predator .
What time is it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous master ?
JS : Well , it &apos;s funny . It should be something .
K. Anderson : This is an understandable river , Johannes , understandable .
We should be more compassionate . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , daily activity .
At the end of last year , a notebook happened in Albania , a few oil fields like the Gulf of Mexico , not that big a deal .
We got a report — an engineering analysis of events in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing oil palms would explode the building blocks .
And part of the Albanian government was involved in that struggle .
There was no explaining information at all about engineering at the top , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what he was talking about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is achieving their goals .
So we put the document in the country saying we look at the need skeptically .
We don &apos;t know what to do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it . And this week , we got a letter from a community that said , &quot; &quot; We want to know the source of the tissue . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source .
What &apos;s the exact documentary that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have a right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; Then they sent us a graphic image of the tissue , and in part of the Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the tissue were shown .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , and we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Have you been given information from a BP employee ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs going on .
So our numbers in the last few months have declined because we &apos;ve had a lot of interest now to replace our core systems .
The cost of attention shifts to the problem .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very happy about our growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that goes into the crowd itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And who scares the most opportunity — or lack of the need for journalists to work , or / and lack of slow magazines ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it depends on the way we make materials . We have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest amount of national security data , and also the other , the less hidden information .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
You had to teach 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get a pain .
JS : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) K. Anderson : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite a young advocate for the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I emailed a magazine that I was followed as a teenager .
So you have to act compassionately with the judge .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in a variety of different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly a Russian mafia that wants to revive your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s license to an old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can you call them , maybe tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer why it happened .
But the core values like this — intelligent , smooth people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about growth .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people that I met in my life .
CA : The smart , fuzzy people aren &apos;t afraid of themselves , they care about them ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really take care of the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — which is to give the crowds the right crimes to the crowd .
This is a trailer that I had for a long time .
CA : So tell me very briefly , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , you joined the banking department , and then the media got involved in telling this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
That gave you a great deal in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a tough challenge in every country .
In the banking sector , the GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last year , we published the report .
And the national television station was forced for five minutes until the transmission , and as in the movie , she knows about the publication , she knows about the publication , and the reader said , &quot; Never been . Who &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was shown , and we were in Iceland , and we were in touch , talking about these things .
There was a feeling in society that this shouldn &apos;t have happened again , and the result of that was that alongside some Icelandic politicians and international rights professionals , we created a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom commandment in a way that would ultimately protect journalists from the world , a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were uniquely accepted by the Icelandic brand .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — or does the Big Bang even have greater grim control , will we be more secretive , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process for both of these strikes collapse ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right to freedom of expression in order to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
Which direction are we going to make ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can reduce the very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you the premise of the audience : Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s touch you .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day after day .
My name is Ultims .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront a balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Magic .
I took a picture , and I made a new , modern sense , talking about me in Russian common questions , making sure that people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he keeps a dance and he doesn &apos;t wear a violent bone , wanting not to be thrown away by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personalities .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nita , one of the bars of Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you guys , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angel .
He keeps his emotion on the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s easy to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive person .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new context .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : irony , a grown man comparing a man .
( Laughter ) In Arabic , I bring out social questions that deal with me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and dreamt of collapsing .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so many girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27-year-old .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I don &apos;t have a hope for that .
So you see me with the Mexican warrior &apos;s bowl , with his shirt , with his shirt , with his shirt .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a games designer .
In the world of games , we get more .
Although together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual Azeroth problem .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more common and more common .
And indeed , the result is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
I &apos;m trying to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes in why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had some horses .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
In the case of Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine empirical wins and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story and an event that continues .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , knowledge creation , sustainability , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of people .
Unmarried women .
I experienced my loved ones what was worth sleeping .
Two and a half years ago , I got bored .
I walked up to the table , I lay down a branch , the right eye had to turn .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time I was a graduate student , I was talking to doctors , scientists , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to marry .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , new ideas of feminism .
We &apos;ll reach the height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern males have become equal to males .
I had dinner with a man who was treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had slept for five , the evening would have been much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an undifferentiated struggle .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really sick in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might be like , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss a track , I &apos;m going to miss some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to the Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it seems to me even though my brother Lehman had been a brother and sister , Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be a mess .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would have walked a very busy and engaged , perhaps the sister would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven and a half hours of sleep and could have seen a shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings us more happiness and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers is the best and the world .
So I encourage you to step back and find some great ideas that hide in us , connect the goods and discover the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material — a grid of spines , ages , using the same goal .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wondrous forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were excluded .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright scheme to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I would send the paintings back to the town of Mahabali .
The last day it came , but my paintings were not reported .
I had to do something .
The villages of animals were the sounds of their skull .
So I tried a breast cancer survival .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the police station , and I watched as dogs tipping their nets into the languages on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but once I saw it in that unusual way — a new way to create sculptures , a new way to create structural forms without difficulty and elegant material .
My first glorious skull was created by collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloud Clouds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We pasted the sculpture in the ceiling .
I found her beautiful surfaces resonating with every wind turbiner constantly changing her wrist .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach the traditional classes and collaborate with the amateurs , later on in Libya and with the news crews .
I loved the details I could articulate in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from the observable objects they would become what would change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hives of cotton , and the culture was just built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morales , who designed a critic design in Portugal , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a lasting piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them taste , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly fruits and short-term ones .
For two years , I was looking for a fireflies that would hold ultraviolet spines , droughts , weather , density and also make it easier to fly through the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wind .
So we &apos;ve launched this 4,000-pound peak of liquid .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the wind and keep the uranium wind .
But there was no design program that could model something that was static and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineer named Peter Heppel who designed the mouths of the destruction of the American jurisdiction .
He helped me challenge two things : to achieve a perfect form and a simple gesture .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands couldn &apos;t keep the lights down .
So I &apos;ve been collaborating with industrial landscape networks , learning about their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could have translated that unique old sail to regular car operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two children were born , we raised 50,000 square feet — about 15,000 square feet — a naked net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost a little authentic .
( Applause ) This place was white and unmoving .
Now it has meaning .
You went through this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind creating choreography , and I felt like I had a foreplay and I had a connection with the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these skyscrapers for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to describe two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic tour of the city of Philadelphia : its sidewalk , it felt , was needed to be much easier than just a cloud of material .
So we experimented with drinking little bits of water to create a dry millimeter that could be formed by wind , and explained in the experiments , and also people who could be able to participate in all of those things without disguising .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , like an X-ray of the urban locomotion system .
Another challenge : Environment and culture and ideas across the Americas , opposed in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize 35 West Bank citizens and their community in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
It was destroyed by the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the melting of the planets , and without breaking it , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds that collapse Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build them normally using a pen .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I turned a metal armature into a tiny , tiny little network of materials , 15 times larger than a pendulum .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex networks and model them in terms of Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York , and she asked me if I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line .
New ways of thinking allow me to create and build sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
What they haven &apos;t funded yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers to most of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most necessary .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional art , the form of the visible .
Today , I &apos;m projecting this with high-tech and engineering to create structural , scalable structures .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll close with this story .
My friend Phoenix calls me to the city .
A lawyer who never claimed art , never spoke of a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and made him stay under this sculpture .
With the costumes buried in the green , there were wind turbines pointing next to strangers shouting out the starch .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some capabilities .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a baby boy .
If you &apos;ve ever seen the human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separated from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I &apos;m not sure . )
Information model of energy is collected at the same time through all of our senses , and it creates a multiplicity of views of gardens about what this present moment looks like , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m an energy creature , a connection with environmental energy through its right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — functions differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy .
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
