By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people seem to notice is that they &apos;re all dead .
Although it may be a fairly abstract idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to look at .
The first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of laughter , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as a law .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the web .
And I asked him earlier that when my body finally turned away from my sister &apos;s pain so that my family and friends shredded this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archive . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more thoughtful coordinated than most of us , but in fact , we
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million blacks are being transmitted every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 different content parts every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a few pictures and images of your house , or a grandmother who lives in a box .
But today , all of us are creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud for a short period of time , a year after you won &apos;t be there .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are designed for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anniversary after we die .
One of them , actually , quite honestly , found me after I signed up in a Foursquare program in New York City .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hi .
Miracle : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in organic restaurants .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : You go to ifidia , even when you &apos;re not down .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared am I ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook after you die .
The other one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and a story that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed that Coke can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I believe that while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to do it meaningfully .
We can see experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Tweet &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions of what you might say in your next news .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be serious .
But you can imagine how something like this will happen in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technology has improved .
Looking ahead , the MIT media lab is working on controlling robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a single human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible scene and the election night in 2008 in America , when CNN broadcast the word &quot; &quot; will.i.i. &quot; &quot; — a hologram from hip hop in your studio in particular interviewing Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transmit our loved ones &apos; representations into our worlds — by cooperating in a very similar way in life , all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to require , the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career break — I call them the reporter .
These are people who spend a career taking care of their elderly , their children , their personal interests , or their personal health .
It has to do with all sorts of career changers : soldiers , soldiers , returning to work , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career break is hard for a lack of relationship between workers and reporter .
Workers by raising people who see a miracle in their lives , we describe it as a great risk , and the person who makes a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work long hours .
And it &apos;s this issue of openness that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who went back to work for the social service organization in 25 years .
It &apos;s the longest continuum of my career .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy took a leap of faith in the experience of Today Show , especially people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Three wrote that there are five children whose mothers she liked to be in the home , but after the break , she needed to go back to work , and not only that , she really wanted to go back to work in her life because she loved to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for a fundraising or a buffer &apos;s job and spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online and running for jobs without any due date .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if there was something that could change .
I first told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone you know that she wanted to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that aren &apos;t going to happen anywhere .
It will happen and it will not happen .
By the time the sun is the one that will finally come to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you the discovery that I made when I tried to return to work after 11 years of career advancement .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , people you work with or you learn with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even as our own perceptions of time go by , what happens to most of us as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and that &apos;s a great asset of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t ask for business news .
My area is funding , and I followed severely the news when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that no longer existed .
So I had to recreate the Wall Street Journal and read it really well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt that I could figure out what was going on in the business world .
I believe that the reformers are the empowerment of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less educational or partnerships .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the relationship between ourselves .
Beyond that , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two kinds of concerns that the workers have during the reporter .
First of all , workers are excited that the repositories are rejected from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technically trained , it &apos;s just present .
I had been doing financial analysis for so long that I used Lotus 1 to 2 to 3 .
I don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to remember that program , but I needed to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged me a little bit , but I &apos;m using it all the time now .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they burn .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is they don &apos;t worry that the reporter doesn &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not work .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of a short-term payment , no matter whether or not you call it a surprise , but it was a fixed sort of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; started a collaborative reintegrating program .
I saw , as a return engineer , a non-reintegrated candidate , was running for the initial de-level program in the war , and after that , he got a permanent job .
I saw two universities signing up for a mainstream education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a headline in the Harvard Business Review newspaper called &quot; &quot; The Forty Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for that title , also for this illustration that you see a 40-year high school graduate student .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; the 50th anniversary . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have reintegrated schedules for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are trained , and people who are moving to permanent positions get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering companies are trying to reintegrate the reintegrating agenda into engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Health Initiative .
Why are companies doing reintegrating ?
Because instincts allow workers to work through real-time assignments , through real-time conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make the decision to work until the instant is over .
This testing period removes the so-called risks that occur as leaders by default , and they attract great candidates who become great customers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers weren &apos;t interested in establishing a restaurant .
But right now , it &apos;s not just programs that are designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
It &apos;s a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of reporter , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their return to work was to support their reintegration program .
And there are no obstacles to having a pension report program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering a job by Tracy , and it was a buffer &apos;s job in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would go to something else , but there was nothing to guarantee .
It was November 2011 .
Three liked companies and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this exercise and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They have paid their masterpiece .
She even called the other reporter to work for her .
The Three Years &apos; work was an attempt , just as a result , and it was finished in the winter for both Tracy and his job .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I &apos;m now working in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
using a mini inclusion .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just spend — I &apos;ll spend a video — ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The answer is this .
Then , it &apos;s vulnerable , it &apos;s vulnerable , it &apos;s vulnerable .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was the distribution network .
We &apos;ve also established the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Are they open up , nothing linked to ?
It &apos;s a company that &apos;s more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; The Dove . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by this weird device of my box that always asked me to do something for him , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light or bring out a glass of water , a bag of cigarettes .
As I grew up , his consciousness kept increasing , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really shocked me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He would lift the pile and expect me to find a number .
So , as the answer and the gift of my tea , I made &quot; &quot; Daddy &apos;s phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
It &apos;s exactly the way my unit uses a telephone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine for him that he could borrow from his office to his sons and daughters around the world .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pencil , print his elbow and bind it , and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual letter , again .
What you see here is we &apos;ve started a lot of electronics that can understand mechanical activity and change it in digital .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and celebrated with ritual values like my tea and my tea .
The next piece is a soundscape installation called &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : we lay out flakes on the walls , and behind them , there &apos;s little patterns .
And when it &apos;s all around the event , they sort of sit there .
And if they get quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they &apos;re surprised .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And behind them , we hired over 500 of these small pigeons .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once they get around they &apos;re silent , they feel like they &apos;re out of the closet .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were really trying to make them live .
So each cheese is self-organizing , psychic , boring , identity and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards we admire it very well .
We forced them to respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of cameras , we &apos;ve created a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right is my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this room .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was shot in which the camera turned it into invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Whoosh ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it , and it &apos;s getting rid of it .
This is a very early video , where we don &apos;t solve traffic jams and things like that , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that &apos;s closed in space , and after a monitor on every wall .
All they did was walk into the room , and people would see themselves in the monitors , and one of the things they noticed : one person would always be invisible , and as a group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Solar Horse . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s paper towels or sunglasses .
From the front , this object looked very strong and tense , and from the inside it was very light .
So people , when they entered the room , they didn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking , this is just nothing .
But just after they passed the country , he was tortured to step up the wall .
When he finally got tired and ran away .
( Laughter ) This is a work made by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it &apos;s sort of embedded in his chest , his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s floating around his head like an ear , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the circle would be very much balanced , it would be standing underneath the whole space .
And there &apos;s no pavement or pavement .
I &apos;ll give you an example : People come into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re going to get too much pain , you get a reward , and it looks like I &apos;m going to get too far .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to eradicate the willingness of the visual institutions to run for him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because he &apos;s going to end up following himself .
This piece was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard and hard , just like most of our work , to figure out the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely test the moment of his criticism , because if we had designed it so that he would turn it upside down , it would be damaged , but if he hadn &apos;t done enough , he wouldn &apos;t have a sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we test for this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so it &apos;s starting to get harder .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object itself is suspended .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly involved in . We &apos;ve worked with aesthetics of steel , all sorts of different jewelry displays , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around a dead figure in the shape of a snake , hidden in the bottom .
Our idea was to reverse something as tall and distant and abstract as the universe , known as the shape of a rugby ball , feels so close .
The idea behind that was that after a while you were to look at this shape like a snake and you realize it more like a blade in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; The Wilderness of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this big standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoys you , growing up into a two-story and an eight-foot object .
So this object will continue to expand and and contract , so that by maintaining a dynamic relationship with people around it , it &apos;s like trying to preserve a mystery or something .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if it &apos;s only in our minds that the creative process is trying to find out how this creature wants to exist , what the shape it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the content , all the industry , all the commerce .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s happening all of our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will happen in the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems of security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk with Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been found for a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is an envelope for a scanning disk , and if you look closely , you can see it here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , by Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for resistance .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
It &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are a couple of pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was built .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the road to this building , which is the 730 Backs of Allah Iqbal .
I fell into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I felt this sort of pleasure because of the understanding that both Basin and Amjad computers were also stuck hundreds of times in viruses , completely untouched over those years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses we used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem .
Let me show you a few examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve leaned in here a system that allows me to download an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me set up some tools for virtual . Let &apos;s go there .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some blood on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred thousand hacks , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you shut it down , you start walking on your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you &apos;re infected with the virus at the time when the virus was made by the kidnappers and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t have brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab for example , to track blood vessels around the world .
So we can see in real time that what we &apos;ve just blocked is viruses and Sweden and Taiwan and Russia and so forth .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new breast cancer programs , we find every day .
This is the latest viral that we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of cooking programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they work out of those viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to Gandhiji .
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are hacking the computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
The keyboards are kept quietly in your computer and recording everything you would print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your cells is protected and shipped to prisoners .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is sites where you get in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in a shop online , you have to register your name , your content address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the ending of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that &apos;s obviously the problem .
We now have a clean market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys can actually work from their operations , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who came out of Sweden , and his crime partner , who also flew in the INTERPOL headlines , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys did an operation called the I.M. , a cybercriminal justice operation where they stole millions of people .
Both of them are hidden .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the account of the Swiss bank , including Jain , and in that bank account there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can afford to invest in the future .
We know that online criminals are the same programmers , the same testers , the same code , and they have off-the-shelf systems with SQL databases .
And they can let us look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global attributes of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one of the cannibals family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come out of Estonia , is moving from one country to another when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They change from one country to another , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no way of keeping lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving an unlimited flight to cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t get us to this point can now .
So did we go online and search for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one of those spikes .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old coding failure where it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take over your computer control and leave the code behind .
So if you look at this image failure — this is the front of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was printed using XOR function 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really pissed off .
And we can go over here and actually blow it up .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right here at the bottom , you can see an online address : unionseek.com / ioooo.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually deliver that program and release it .
And this is the hidden belief that the program will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to unpack the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , as if somebody writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I followed him .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clothes in the lab , and one of them reminded me that there is a pole , like Russia .
And 78 is the coding of Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone numbers and cars in numbers and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long climate , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a couple of years now , who has his private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lives in Santa Peterburg — he wrote about his cat , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
Actually , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six kilograms of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car for a 20-year-old boy from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Santa Petersburg , he got in a different car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on the Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Now , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
The vast majority of cybercrime bubbles , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot shrink them .
I want it to be easier , but hey , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked something like this .
This is Siemens Seven-400 PLC programming a logical management brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their job .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invades one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not worry about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on the job of this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , on normal things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And there &apos;s certainly something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when things we can &apos;t understand .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if you weren &apos;t having them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life securing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk about cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to find broadband groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire departments .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a partnership between people who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and the possibility to use our bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling overseas journeys across national parks and national forests — practically the longest road we could take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had answered me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reveals his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And then I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; And she just pointed at me for a few moments , and then she stops laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this one — why we sometimes misunderstand the brands around us and how we do behavior when that happens , and what you can tell about the human extinction .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about the wrong thing .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no competition for work .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The species of humans , collectively , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes to me right now , to all of my rich beliefs here , I am in the middle of time , all of a sudden the awareness of this abstract misconception of failure is thrown overboard — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re going to have time for dinner with the family ; we go to choices and we vote for the rest of the time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , and the focus of that little bit is that we &apos;re very right about everything , bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as cultures .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only perfect moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this right ?
One of the reasons , actually , it &apos;s associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re up there : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s yellow . It &apos;s going down .
Don &apos;t worry . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that failure can be like this and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be deceptive , it can be deceptive , it can actually be deceptive , it can be funny , like my stupid fault for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a billboard running over and never getting stuck with a bird running around ?
Almost every season in this film , there was a moment when the legs were taking the bird and the bird flying out of the jar , which is okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is that the leg is running after it &apos;s broken .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , that leg is pretty good too .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he leaves the gap , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re all wrong , we &apos;re already in trouble , but we feel like we &apos;re on the roof of .
So really , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we insist on this notion that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher brings back the test letter , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a miniskirt .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this letter .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the right job are flexible , irresponsible — and second , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us , and I think , especially many of us in this room , are sustaining with it simply becoming ideally small decades , professionals , makeshift .
Right , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon people .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that point , we were terribly afraid of the possibility of doing something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel smart , responsible , wealthy and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the world .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She &apos;s horrified , a surgeon makes his job — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It seems that everything has done perfectly well .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is it not made up of the part of my body ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not the part of her body that &apos;s in the suitcase , because the surgeons have done extensive surgery on the left rather than the right leg .
When the president of Beth Israel &apos;s Health College talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeons simply felt that he was right on the wrong side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The key to this story is that overwhelming belief that you are right on the wrong side of everything can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil spills to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just right about the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , have some bad ideas .
The first thing that we usually do is something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information that we do , and when we deliver that information to them , they shine light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we move to the second assumption , which is — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we move to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it because of their own purpose .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This accusation of our rights has stopped us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and make us act compassionately with each other .
But what amazes me most is what &apos;s tragic and tragic is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The bottom line is , you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit different , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Dekhar said the phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called I am , &quot; in Sweden . Augustine would sit down and write &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some terrible human loss , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
It &apos;s the absolute core of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re sitting around trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and prosperity .
In recent years , for a few reasons , I &apos;ve covered a lot of the public radios of this &quot; &quot; American life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point , I began to feel like all these voices of failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
And then there &apos;s an obvious mistake .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
Among other things , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; as the creators of the garden , we laugh , each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought that one will happen , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like straight edges , mishints and unexpected ends .
Our stories make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would go back to Iraq and find a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the Egyptian dictator for his entire life , until he was too old and under the illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school , come back to your city and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advance and improvement , but you know , why do we need all these innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and changing the world — TED , 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that well , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where &apos;s my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell a different story .
We meet another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to look outside of this tiny , tiny space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity and the mystery of the universe and say , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair entered Manhetane and killed Rabbi Meir Kane , the leader of Jewish housing .
Fortunately , those plans were destroyed by the FTB computer .
Unfortunately , the bombing of 1993 was not at the center of the global trade .
Nosair ended up being threatened by her participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people interact with each other , they realize that in life we want those same things for so long .
A few months ago , he introduced me to the archaeology , and explained to me that in the last few weeks , his friends and I went to the emergency room in Long Island to drink .
He said I should walk with him the next morning .
The last day , my inbox carried a little orange light that was beyond the tank and everything , and especially for me , the whole point broke .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
All of these comments seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that they saw in me the same wish that my father had .
These people ended up surviving the burial bullshit of 650 kilograms and leaving it at a lower standard parking lot , the global shopping center in the northern Bowl , which produced a fire , a loss of six people , and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I was hearing .
The people I called ammunition , what the box means .
For a long time in class when I was a new face , I was comfortable with the experience .
I was raised to justify people based on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
My group was focused on the death of my youth because I had been the victim of much of my life , and this was a very emotional topic for me .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
Before that , I had no friendship , and if I was honest , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier that was considered most of my life to be ineffective .
The other major step in translation was a deluge when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens industrial park .
There I was showing all the belief and culture people , and this experience was central to the education of my next character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a nuisance and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
I had the opportunity to work in the art park with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and it seems to me unacceptable to treat good people not the way I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be homosexual , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The god of God . &quot; &quot; Next time , Jon Stewart made me open with myself about my fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father in many ways , when I absolutely needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian of the Jewish comedian has made me a greater positive influence than the father of my extremist , and I &apos;m not a widow .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village in my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of an angry man who had suffered enough compassion and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not touching people . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much effort it would take to keep an unfair self .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone would forgive me to use violence , someone would hear my story and realize that there were better roads , and even though I was stuck in this brutal , non-olerant ideology , I was not allowed to be a feminist .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to combat terrorism , to combat fanaticism .
I do this because of the sacrifices and their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk to you about these horrible acts and assess my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , lying in my pocket , I realized I had no boots .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t walk back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nights , because I had my first battle in Europe in the morning , and I needed my friend and my quiet .
As I was growing up and freezing , I found a big stone , and I expanded the corridors , and I took the glass ceiling , and I pulled it inside , and I found a whole bunch of cardboard , and with the fiddler , I planted it in the middle of the lake , and I thought that in the morning , when I got to the air shuttle , I could
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I figured , under conditions , it sounds like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They take a card that reinforces heart failure , it changes the level of adrenaline and it makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only through a few hours in the air that I realized I had no face . ( Laughter )
This is me flying home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back to the air hall , I said , but they had already given my place to someone else , so I got back in the plane past the toilet , into a seat that didn &apos;t return in the fall of eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours , no .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , set up systems that are protected from such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my crazy window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he was practicing something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is the psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was described a few years ago called the pre-frontal lobe research .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When failure happens , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Remove the space for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it &apos;s , but it does convey a lot of science to think about how it works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the silk is , where you can find the fish , the flora of drugs where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that &apos;s widening the range of drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winners to find their shortcuts .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the winds were blowing the smell of the smell , and they still found the shirt .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using hypoglycemia to find things .
But it works really well with things that are not moving too well , and not so good for moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the rocks of the car , or the eyes of the reading and the brakes .
So , download your block at home — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative cube .
The world is a particular table .
The ants are the specific table .
If you cut the space and you really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , you take your driver &apos;s license , you send yourself to the cloud .
If these things happen , or if they happen , it &apos;s much easier for you to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re stressed out , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The Kortian is boring , it makes it harder to think .
So part of pre-med analysis is is understanding that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than when we have to make medical decisions .
And someday we &apos;ll all be in a situation where we have to make a very important choice about how to treat your loved one or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — any decision that drives the rational assessment of facts .
So for example , you go to the doctor and she says , &quot; I just got the results from the lab , and your cholesterol &apos;s pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increased heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you &apos;re thinking , well , the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know somebody who &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take drugs or get surgery or other drugs to get one drug at a time .
So you might be wondering , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not the fault of a doctor , if anything about it and the fault , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKill calculates that 90 percent of all drugs are between 30 and 50 percent of patients .
So the numbers are required to leave the most frequently to the building , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it so they can use it ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that takes years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask the other one , and it &apos;s , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : following the pain and the colonoscopies , the fragrance and the gloves — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , but I will still take a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume drugs . One , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a drug than to get you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , for men over 50 , are state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art surgery .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection crashes , their secrecy decline , their regular decline , their lack of defense .
And if you &apos;re following along , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it &apos;s only a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want it to stop thinking .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want to live a shorter life without pain , or do you want to live a longer life to get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the occasional vehicle , but at least you &apos;ll have tried it .
You don &apos;t need a burning system , or a liver system , or an immune system , because if the body of those particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s happening in the window during stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to start thinking about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We &apos;ll all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think about how unfortunate it is to have a functioning way of reducing green , or cutting the road to bad things .
Back on that Saturday night in Monday , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a master &apos;s depot on the sidewalk outside my door , with a handful of front doors , very easily to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear , and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in Soviet Union spotted a big object in a hot spot .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same constraint installed in the front , which is two radio receivers inside .
In 1957 , they launched their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Colombia have had the pleasure to invent new lands .
Now we have to be happy to find space .
And it &apos;s going to be the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a snapshot of &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he influenced America .
After the Sputnik event , Sputnik created all the complexity .
A human being based on the moon , seen by ordinary people , has suffered respect and commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that they could now pull us off by using Sputnik .
And then the summit started .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crashes , compared to Perl Harbor , and 9 / 11 tragedy .
He touched the airbag .
He was wearing clothes .
and space exploration .
And funding for Congress over the last year has grown very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation training , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were dead under the ground .
Or Gallup &apos;s question , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik , though , has driven amazing change .
For example , some of you here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , the science of nature , and in the education sector , the rate has grown dramatically .
Wind Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film shows how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also tells us how we can change the situation that seems to be very disappointing to what the U.S. generally benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at the Mass Department of Technology for 44 , working at the very first TED conference .
The third condition is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : hair , laundry , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They &apos;ve been told most of the time that they &apos;re going to turn into wars .
These things were discovered in machine gadgets in my native country , and even when we were speaking , experts reinvented bodies of new machine gadgets , 20 years after the war ended .
And it turns out it &apos;s the greatest capacity ever invented .
During the four major conflicts in Bosnia , the dawn of Bosnia in the early 1990s , around 30,000 people , most of them civilians , weight and temporary deaths , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The Industrial Rights Movement revealed several painful attacks against humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their privilege , their cultural heritage , and , ultimately , the same idea that they had once existed , laughed .
Genocide is not only about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring people &apos;s identity .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be dead ends that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the victims carry with themselves to the executed location are repeatedly controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserve .
Thousands of dragonflies are packed in white plastic bags , just like the CSI you can see .
Except , these things are used as a tool to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as really valuable assets in the surveillance state of the war .
The real life is sometimes asked to identify who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , ineffective and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of them are hardwired or pursued by our actors and thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object that I could photograph , trying to create a visual archive that could easily be seen in survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to join the community .
I want to inform people around the world .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will survive as a permanent , innocent and accurate reminder of what has happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and understanding these things makes us realize a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals are discovered , they will only survive inside their pockets of bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was researching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I took — I took photos every month .
I would never have been so dizzying .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the exciting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to implement these projects , we &apos;re most involved in the domain of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called Listening Color .
The audience sort of walks into the room , and instantly these posters are immediately immersed on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s like a flat observer noticing them , and they seem to squeeze and stop in a grid symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Maltese abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
It &apos;s about that . And the smallest of all is A4 .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all of a sudden come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the ceiling becomes a reflection of the viewer in space , and it becomes loving and confident until they sort of feel the presence or the movement in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a feeling of persistence among the flags , but it may also be quite counterintuitive that the flags themselves are so highly held to determine the rules that they seem to apply to the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page applied to a remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s a dense A4 shape , or a letter of a sheet of paper , which is carried out of both sides of two small hands , and it was carried out of both sides of both sides , carefully and carefully mixed out of the medium of a small
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves as if it were moving these two hands , trying to hold a page of paper with no length in it , and it doesn &apos;t work for them .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of the instability by camera hands .
So here I &apos;m going to show you two clips after one .
One is through an unmoving camera , and the other one is through a camera .
And you can immediately see how the unstable form of video reveals itself to the viewer and the subjective view .
So we just removed the camera and replaced the movement on the ceiling .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to disrupt the gesture of a cockroach , like this big piece of paper is a small human with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of the breast , which is necessary to do this service , and it &apos;s very delicious to present this paper page in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masai .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like an antena — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks past him , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his arm further and further apart as the person gets touched .
This is the first experimental scene .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use it all in this desperate term .
But the idea is — when you get the person &apos;s attention , he &apos;s not interested in it , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate scarf body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Since we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of luck with our own reflection .
And so for us , it &apos;s a peculiar creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need us to pay attention to , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Flight of the Bumblebee . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish instrument of sound .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium by the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at the size and the audience is sort of occupying my whole field of view .
In Audience , there are 996 samples .
They learn to spread mechanically by choosing .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay , how strong and how long they want to be around them or how they want to be influenced by others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , they get an answer .
It can be a few holes or a few holes , and then no one &apos;s going to happen until the viewer rings off the stage when the audience reacts again .
It can be anything from a few weak shutters in the audience , or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical grasp as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating quite complex and diverse musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to respond appropriately .
So there is a feeling of being overwhelmed with decisions and commitment and uncertainty .
It also has characteristics and spades .
So here , if you can see we are very happy , because of the visual cortex in two hands .
Here &apos;s a short animation , like two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and touch .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t know when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Peace Corps .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a pattern or a network that lives in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little characters living in this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like a different perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and at first sideways , and hidden behind two grasses .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters musical notes and the boundary notes , as if the lander were physically constrained to travel that way .
We like the idea that these characters dance around as if they &apos;re obsolete and don &apos;t have tension , as if they &apos;re anxious and contented , as long as they can sense motion from view and drive behind the next wall .
So this project , for us , challenges ourselves .
These images are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , and it &apos;s kind of a grid grid , but it &apos;s also a grid , because it allows them to survive the grid and the naive , and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these really life-forms that I &apos;m talking about are a little bit less transferred to a very specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the gestures from our multiplication and created a movement that connected head movement and movement first .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits in my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week , you do enough that later on in the difficult days , you expect everything to be cut off . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that the regime of my regular job wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the bottom , and then I &apos;m going to turn on the highest bar , like the bottom deck .
Isn &apos;t it hard to get down the stairs ?
They &apos;re not special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t forget to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that went on for two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing I could say : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I screamed not one , but two nights without bed — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped across the city of students , I skied slowly as a movie , and I signed up until the end of the terminal .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was bad , it was a very bad show . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s great ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was really bad .
Today , I am a writer web .
I write a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
So to investigate this , I came up with an MRI lab that was engineering my brain and a real non-processing brain so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s all good until this happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but this is not the plan for the monkey to do , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just mentioned it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a little while , so you don &apos;t have any room for any serious work .
The great apple of Malone is not the one who has to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she does care only two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works great .
( Laughter ) And the Beijing people are just another species of animals .
You have to smile , count and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are the other living creatures — the Rational Society of Decisions — that allow us to do things that no other animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take advantage of fun and easy things , like putting a dinner party or sleeping in a bed , or liking to pull it back together .
So there &apos;s a shift .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to make things that are difficult and not that kind of common ground .
And there &apos;s a conflict .
I call this the toy of Tamil .
This is what happens to freedom when the activity of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When the Beijing Progress Index begins , the question is , how do the retailers typically end up in the blue areas , not in the smooth areas where important things happen ?
It turns out that the payload has a corner of coal , which , from the top , looks at it at its hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s get in Google Earth and take an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to understand India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When it turned four in six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web on , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts moving forward , and after a few seconds , the whole system is made of chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing monster — remember , the Panic Monster is running the monster — but they &apos;re not running .
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can take a steel and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all of the unambiguous behaviors of the painter , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first letter , and then with a miracle of work , he does not go through the night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated , and he wrote about how delegation affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get so wrong ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term paycheck is less insight , less about it , than about more funny , short-term paycheck .
It &apos;s mostly lived in silence and in unity .
It can produce a tremendous amount of dissatisfaction and duration .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re setting up a specific project .
This prolonged paycheck has turned them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they couldn &apos;t have achieved their dreams , but because they could even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no doomers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe it &apos;s not as neat as some of us are — ( Laughter ) — and maybe it &apos;s commonplace with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window for every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used the chicken .
I think we need to look really closely at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because every life matters something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a job for all of us .
And because windows are not that much , it &apos;s the work that we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Switson , who had just been elected to Congress on the eighth of August 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a synagogue , paved the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , through the accident of anger , one of the tree evacuation physicians in the country had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
This is a picture of Captain Synson bringing together a brutal war , a light to his neck .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know why there are no people around me that I was interacting with ?
On the vertical axis , we reward people who are willing to take advantage of others in order to benefit us .
It &apos;s all the opposite , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve the military .
Those better people are willing to interact with others .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said in unison , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it was the weather or the strength of resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the longevity of our lives .
So we put social animals together , we live together , we work together , what we call the safety rate , in the setting where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , there was a natural reaction — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
That means that at night , I can rise up and believe that some of the guards are safe from the danger .
The modern world is exactly like this .
It can be a new technology , it can be stealed by your businesses overnight .
It can be your competition , which is sometimes trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get your business done .
We cannot anticipate that .
These forces act forever , and they fail .
The only transformation is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important , because tuna is created by leaders .
I was on a plane early on in my journey , and I became an inaugural advocate , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I flipped it up with numbers , and I noticed how he was working on a commitment device , treating it like a pushcart .
He was shocked to try to get a bit too early .
So I sweated .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us humanly ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she would say words .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or don &apos;t work . &quot; &quot; Actually , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said she was safe .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We liked it because they didn &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if the condition is broken , we are forced to take time and power away from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it take to become that ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline , when they need to build their confidence , their ability to attempt and to cheat , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company in New York . So this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to bring one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released by the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and hurting these banks to receive incomplete rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not about numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mother-in-law ?
Do we regret it ? Of course not . None of us will regret it .
Different leaders are not taught anyway .
It &apos;s called the number of people .
They value the number of victims labeled by people .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company was very affected by recession , and in the evening , she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In the manufacturing business , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We needed to pay 10 million dollars , so like most companies today , the government came to ask the question of release .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And the heart of the workers , and the heart rate is much harder to reduce .
We decided to implement a random program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to go out for four weeks without any identification .
An accountant could have chosen any time , and not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for everybody to cheat just by a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way , he got the moral of the staff .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They are — the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to tolerate those people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about a few soldiers in the war zones , and as the soldiers were adopted , the head of the agency charged the last and let their people paint for themselves , and they end up eating the food they want with the drivers .
And when they returned to the field , one of his people had brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that only their people should be safe and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their hands and sharks to make their leadership &apos;s vision come true , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your razor and your shirt on that person ? &quot; &quot; they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that the kind of organization we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survivor in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education took place as I helped her work in remote , local community .
I burn these memories , because they helped me understand life beyond the limits of cities , life with many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
During these trips , my grandmother complained in the Kiplingo manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Just go and look for Calais .
Something lost on the mountain .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; And after six years , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born in the world has some heart disease .
Part of these problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smell .
Vaccines have to survive inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this relationship has to stop .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a heart attack .
It leaves the present and the genetic context .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one of the reasons .
As you can see in the diagram , the frequencies of these tiles are dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only cure for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up in the sky was a green shower .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that chicken as a form of relief for our first invention .
Heart kids in the heart can get dented with them .
Religion is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these major issues .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
And vitro and alive studies took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 1,000 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the altitude of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be healthy , and they die .
The first one was successful in treating only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with help from my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountain , we built a new device .
In the years , indigenous women used to tell the stories by writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us build a new machine .
We used this traditional hearing approach , and we created a design made out of powerful materials that capture shape .
It seems that audiences at this point allow us to create an uncontrolled device , because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform into a complex structure process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the glass .
Our device is expanding , and it &apos;s sitting in a desktop , and it &apos;s making a hole .
We have this beautiful facility that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we fight diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they can .
Here &apos;s a child in front of an operation .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful for both medicine and human beings .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , the team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There are always many obstacles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to get power soon and their courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for grandma or for admission .
So we need to start with a one-by-one model .
We &apos;re going to bring one device to make sure every child is healthy .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , and we expand it , and it &apos;s really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a little town called Muti .
Wind and electricity were as unexpected as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions , when I was 17 , I fell in love with a couple of friends &apos; names and we fell in love with the sun .
The sunlight is well-versed .
When you get married , a friend says to me , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t you have something you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to treat it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought this thing . &quot; &quot; So I went back home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases , such conditions , are the basic conditions that are called pathogens .
There &apos;s an inflammatory infection in the eye when the eye is inflamed , and some of the transmitted infections can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid suffering from severe infections , you don &apos;t need drugs , vaccines or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I didn &apos;t do it for myself and the reason I didn &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop than the Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet coffee machine for 20 pounds — I went to Wikipedia
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote a patent on my mobile phone , I was the youngest person ever receiving a patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t need cure ! &quot; &quot; — I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , for the first time in the world , a changing patent .
He &apos;s lying on the floor , and he doesn &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) I was trying to make a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can bring in markets . You can bring this product and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the boxes , and he crosses one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into a little innovative package .
Please pass it around and print it out .
The fastest part is that one of the coins consists of one of the five arrangements .
When we created this model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even richer parents want to use DriBath on a screen . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you take your livestock , you also grow two hours a day in rural areas — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw this public benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s identity , and poor man is the essential of life .
We &apos;ve tried this product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t learn .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google taught me through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to come up with this certificate , and the oddest thing is that I did not like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at a graduate school , and then I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and I saw certain patients .
During that month , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , is this the way that we end up meeting expenditure , or do we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , there are health issues .
It &apos;s done a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that amount of growth .
In others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are central to government .
Many of the cost-benefit solutions in health care are accepted .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce the costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my artist colleagues are silent .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we kind of got back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the health care system , and we need to do it with very limited resources .
We call this the value of delivered health care .
On the screen , you see what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patient care outcomes related to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wish surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to look more at quality . One of the things that we were most excited about studying was the trajectory that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good numbers , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can go to Germany , benefiting from a good health care system .
If he went to the average hospital here , the likelihood that he would not be able to afford the treatment is about 50 percent , so he should start using the fireworks again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . Fifty percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead of going to Hamburg and going to the Martini Clinic clinic , the risk would be only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a month or you &apos;re at risk of one of your 20s .
That &apos;s a huge — seven times a difference .
Looking at a variety of different diseases , we can see a big difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of surgeons from Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a meeting of the year and were talking about how much procedure they would use in an operating club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operation manager is different .
I &apos;m afraid everyone &apos;s going to say , &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one really knew it , and he admitted it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we should know and learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They did two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of a club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a price on the patient &apos;s bone before placing a metal pill , it would last a long time , and most patients would never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
Therapeutics get together , find out what &apos;s best , start research , share data , find the best and learn from it .
It &apos;s permanent improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part of the joy .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the price performance , and if you look at the price performance , it turns out that those who have achieved the quality have also had the least expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the primary goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago , there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD often does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the quality index is smaller than the middle , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurements and move their quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the health care budget in the country .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but is it all logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should be done .
The most important health care systems are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that they have in common is they care about what they can do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if anyone can show them that what they &apos;re giving to their patients is nothing better than what they &apos;re giving them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like to recognize other people .
If a cardiologist invites the next cardiologist to work in a different hospital and discuss why the next hospital is doing better , they &apos;ll share the information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see in this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can monitor and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the International Monetary Fund of Health Metrics .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we should measure and turn to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last few years : collagen , pain , drugs , artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups will show you the working-class aspects of this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease burden .
Comparing with two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors and nurses and others , discussing child survival .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about how much patient care costs , can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the class stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a discussion today about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the patient &apos;s personality into hospitals and other health care systems , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start translating , and I think that the current medical assistant , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the most striking findings I &apos;ve been able to share with you , which are the most successful of companies , what are the effects that are really important for entrepreneurship to happen .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and you get them to start a company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so big ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and perform a methodology , avoid some of my experiences , and perhaps some of the mistakes I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I sold a solar-electrified bus stop in high school , when I was doing solar power plants at the university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at who was effectively involved in success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe teams , practice , adaptation was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote the Butler Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true and business .
The mastery of the team most shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Silence is a real reality .
And so I began to think that maybe the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear road , how does a customer make money ?
In my mind , it started to come to the top , that maybe it was the most successful influence .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea coming out too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Sooner or later , but should we learn the world ?
I went to 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Idealab companies , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resist all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each aspect .
Then I looked at unbelievable success not in the ideal corporations like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And some of the yellows : &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; Kozoma , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Country 1 was time .
Time was 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up at the beginning of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their controversy to buy their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drivers were looking for remote money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for innovative ways to bring prosperity .
We thought the idea was great , but it was really a good time .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the stuff online , add some code to the store and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and when the widespread content was covered 50 percent , in America , the same time , YouTube .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that experience is really important .
Ice is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them .
I hope that this view may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful in this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I was happy to start my college life , reading , having dinner , getting into college .
In the middle , I felt very unhappy , unhappy and tended . I was afraid of other people , future , failure and determination that I felt inside .
I got out of the seminar when it all started , and I was longing for myself , and I was riding my back , and I was riding my back , and just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , I was like , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I was sorry , there was nothing around it , but the clarity of comfort and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She &apos;s opening the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , he was even , after a while , oddly friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was drunk and I was drunk , and I &apos;d drink a lot because I was drunk , and then the voice would get confused .
After a while there was a heavy conversation going on , that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it , it meant that something was wrong with me .
I talked to the doctors of my university .
And then I became interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge across the university , and during one single session , I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been inspired by a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the awful , awful outpouring of authenticity , awareness and despair of myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I became essentially aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices created opposite and awful .
Do you see that glass of water ?
There was a race of fear , of loss , of faith , of ignorance , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find a target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was highly controversial .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : welcoming voices , absurd visualizations , strange , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years of immersion seems like something has died , but something has been saved .
The tribe started as a trampoline and grew into a person , but the person who had survived all that was disabled and ended up growing up as a person who was tempting to become .
Many people in my life have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with the people that helped me .
I believe that Eleanor can emerge from that .
Sometimes it &apos;s snowing until midnight , but it &apos;s always coming in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to rush off all the good and well-meaning people who fought with me and for me , and they waited me to come out of those courageous and singular places .
It was very hard to believe at first , because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essential for the first step — to learn to separate metaphorical meaning from the meaning that I believed before .
For example , the voices that propelled me to upgrade my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parents smiling to protect them from what it was like to make a sound .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a strategic .
I finally got my stuff out of the way . Each one of the fragments had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now I &apos;m a big fan of being at Interval , an organization that &apos;s part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and it &apos;s been inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seeing voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , not crime and schizophrenia symptoms that we need to
This society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who is doing better .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to create a sense of pride and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that essentially drives the road to unprecedented belief .
As Peter Levine has said , a human being is a unique being , a donation to an institutional part to heal itself and an intellectual capacity to utilize that capacity .
In this view , there is no greater pride or privilege of helping other people through their education process , to be educated and to raise their hands , to share the battlefield and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What lies inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
The light never goes off .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I bought my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier desire to paint , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it was more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the ink .
So for me photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you stop the maggots .
Photographs like this one : road jobs are going along the way .
But there is also mistrust .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you could actually photograph , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
The pictures you need for a brief moment of reflection in order to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about generosity to make that picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes it &apos;s perspective and it &apos;s illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on the two-story .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it &apos;s true .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a reality chart in which different parts of reality can be bent upon to create an alternative reality .
Let me give you a simple example .
We have three very well-represented physical objects that we can connect to the three-world .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to allow that to exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and putting together photos .
It &apos;s simply a different interpretation of reality .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , the picture just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting them together they can create something like this .
So rule number one : Adapt pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures are filled with both requirements : photo at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by drawing the colors , the contrast and the light in those boxes and the images between them , the photoreceptors fly like a sand castle , mixing the colors and the luminances , we &apos;re bringing the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single frame , despite the fact that a single frame can actually be made out of hundreds of sheets
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and only half of it is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for trade-offs for ideas .
But it doesn &apos;t require much planning .
By thinking about the power of this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months , find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
The roots are from different places .
The offshore is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yeah , I even put my house on the red hall to make it look silly .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with essence , ideas .
Then we melt them , put them together .
And each part here is very well-defined , planned .
If it &apos;s successful at delivering the right frames , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that &apos;s limiting to us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama sparked a secret , a dense office world .
Suddenly , we had a voice .
The Icelandic premierer stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that six-year-old businesses spend two billion dollars in the United States , related to President Ross , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a firm violinist .
There are more rich people who are interested in new stories about the accumulation of documents .
It all sounds like a nightmare or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should we care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can keep the money office and don &apos;t pay taxes , it &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are all about this phenomenon .
Science and political leaders care how official space can be used to hide their slow motion . We &apos;ve been discussing that for decades .
I think a lot of the opening world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not correlate with the U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding in the slow office .
It &apos;s because Mossack Fonsection has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Western countries or from Nevada , we would see more contact with Americans .
The awareness in America is that schools allow entrepreneurs to expand students , fruit people , investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just these miserable meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual concept .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it separates from the grandmother .
Unfortunately , the United States does respond .
So you would like the Panama Papers to give us a glimpse of the openness of the openness in the United States and the world .
We , Global Witness , are seeing this as a sign that time is shifting .
It requires business leaders to come together and say , &quot; Business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end a secret that creates conditions for housing , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi , John .
It turns out that your kid , Wikipedia , over the last few years , has been going to be publishing more secretive documents than the rest of the world combined .
Could it be ?
Julian Assange : Well , can it be ?
The troubling thing is that the whole print of the world works so simple that a group of activists can disseminate more information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing security ?
JS : Well , you can tell that these people are the classic closed-loop communicators . There &apos;s no way they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving tracks , while information is being sent to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the law and get legal protection .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages , or not , we check it out like a regular news agency , we give it a form — it &apos;s quite hard to do , because language is about the overload of massive amounts of information , and our own separation from unprecedented legal and political prisons .
CA : It turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the person is the source of information is .
JS : It &apos;s true . We know it in very rare situations , and if we know it at any stage about it , we &apos;re harnessing that information as quickly as we can .
( Telephone shambles ) Up .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here , how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious account that the government of Kenya announced after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 under Daniel and Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — and the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this research , and together with one more answer , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and it &apos;s only the richest person in Kenya .
It was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we got the election — the national election , the 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — and so this report to President Kibaki became an incredibly potent .
CA : So by comparison , you can say that the information that came out of Kenya was not from the official media , but is it inevitable . You think it really changed the outcome of the election ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian front page , and it was then translated into Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it was released to talk about it , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the data from Kenya was replaced by 10 percent of the vote , and it was replaced by the winner of the election .
CA : It turns out that your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Anderson : We want to show you a short video clip of Baghdad , an aerial Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this noise is not unique to the sensitive .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , all concentrate .
I see your element , four in the Humvees , going one by one ...
I got it . Okay . Off .
Tell me when you saw them . I &apos;m sad .
Shake it all .
First , yeah !
( Automatic beeps ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Automatic beeps ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , we just ran eight individuals .
Yes , we see two birds , and we still see them .
I get it . I see them .
Two , six , 12 , we &apos;re moving .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
Afterwards , Kyle . Okay , hey . I beat them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences of those who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first attacks that happened in this space .
CA : There were 11 people in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters in the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
It went from 18 to 26 people .
CA : The search for this video has made a global commitment .
How do you think that was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who are unaware of going down the street , and Apache is going a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill the people who are saving the drought .
There were two journalists out there who weren &apos;t really mainstream , but they were working their own way .
CA : There was an analysis of Bradley Manning in the United States of America that acknowledged that this video had been passed on to you , and also 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive 150,000 pounds of cleaning and 50 .
In the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at the U.S. Embassy Review , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a big fan of this embassy .
CA : If you had received a thousand U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : Well , we would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JS : Well , because things like this reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely human rights violations in those states .
And when you look at these cross-section lines , this is exactly what you see .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be reached .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have enough effort and resources is leaving behind , and that &apos;s a good brand , that allows you to believe that you can achieve something good . Organizations that have that information that they know from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or societies that information delivering can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : That wasn &apos;t the case of our investigation .
I want to say that the policy of immunization is dominant .
There were times when we had information that you could think of as a person — that you could identify the person .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources of information that are being presented actually have to be done .
KS : You have to base it .
And what you would say , for instance , if a father , who serves his son in the U.S. military , would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve missed what you wanted to find out by having unintelligent mothers .
It shows that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , the people in Baghdad , the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who teach it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to shine light on black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t it ironic that when you try to unlock the secrets of others , you &apos;re secretly holding your information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have one Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be present in any other source .
If that were the case , we &apos;d have a bad situation , but we &apos;re doing our job in a way that people can feel the moral compass of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I would love to find out — what we &apos;ve heard here — what the TED audience think is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about what WikiLeaks and John &apos;s action looks like .
Or greatness , the greatness of compassion , with light .
Or a dangerous misfit .
Who &apos;s the big deal ?
What do you think he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JS : Well , it &apos;s funny . It should be something .
K. Anderson : This is an understandable letter , Johannes , understandable .
We need to make them better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the intriguing event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : It &apos;s an illustration of our actions , of everyday activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a letter came out with some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , just not that big .
We found a report — a specific engineering analysis of events , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing oil palms would sprinkle the buildings in the general population .
That battle was drawn , and part of the Albanian government was involved .
There was no explaining information at the top of the engineering chart , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t test him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is doing for itself .
So we put a document in the country saying we should look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
that matter seems interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week we got a letter from the community that said , &quot; &quot; In order to find the source of the document . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Speak more specifically .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they handed us a nice picture of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID they were instructed by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens a lot .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches that we &apos;ve been trying to identify or test the material that we have , and we &apos;re trying to get these guys to write messages to us .
CA : Have you been given information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow searches and technical jobs .
So our publishing numbers have come down in the last few months , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these systems now .
Investment is a problem .
Like every initial organization , we &apos;re really excited about our growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that gets edited , that gets edible , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares you most is the opportunity — is there a lack of resources available to journalists , or is there a lack of resources available to journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing , and it &apos;s changing the way we make materials . We have to restructure it so that we have people working with the highest amount of national security information , and also less security information .
CA : So , to better understand you , let me tell you how you got there .
I read that as a child you had to learn in 37 different schools .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then became obsessed with the following , so these two compilations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would tell you that this is a recipe for how to fix it .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young in the court .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I emailed a magazine I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different ways .
Unfortunately , at the present time it &apos;s mostly spotted by Russian mafia , trying to correct your old bank account .
So this word is not as old as it was .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your core value ?
Can we get them to register , perhaps tell us what kind of event did they take for granted ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer because of the event .
But the basic value is that intelligent , smart people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and other intelligent people I met in my life .
CA : OK , smart , smart people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I can defend the crowds — that &apos;s giving the ratings to the right crimes .
This is a spider that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , I &apos;ll tell you a little bit about , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , along with the banking department , was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
This has given you a great population in Iceland . What has happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The banking industry was 10 times bigger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year , we gave up the answer .
And the national television station was broken down for five minutes until the transmission , and as in the movie , she knows about the friendship , and the reader would say , &quot; Never have been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television as a broadcast was seen by our website , and at the same time in Iceland , we were traveling , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom enforcement , and it would be the world &apos;s greatest advocate for journalists to set up a new award for free speech fre@@
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , they can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal persons were equally welcome to the Islamic State .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , John .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even more grim control , will there be more grim , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of both strikes ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right to freedom of expression , to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
Which way are we going to go ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can reduce a very large movement , in our watch , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll just leave you with a thought from the audience : Joanna , be careful , and let &apos;s move you there .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good afternoon .
My name is Uldi .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , ironies and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Romantic .
I took a picture , and I gave a new meaning , a contemporary meaning , talking about the questions faced in Russia , encouraging people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he finds himself dancing and carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be invented by classrooms like he doesn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nike , one of the cows sank in Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t trust you , &quot; &quot; quoting Hole from the movie , but I &apos;ve never seen his pizza .
He blames his feeling , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be overwhelmed by women and to look like aggressive Sex .
( Laughter ) Sometimes in my project , I take a picture and I give it a new meaning and a new fund .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the gay person , the same person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about the sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to get together .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
I am an elderly woman in Russia , and I have no hope .
That &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexico battle , with the suburbs , with the bushes in my yard .
But remember , the ironic thing is the rocket , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and changing stereotypes .
Be bold . Be ironic — it helps .
Be bold and make magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we get more .
Everything together , the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and prejudice .
And in fact , the implications are more complex social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve it .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the game more real .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had some awards .
People were crying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After 18 years of doing this , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine empirical happiness and then giving people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the reflection of the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , it can open up millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I &apos;ve experienced what sleep is worth .
And two and a half years ago , I came out of nowhere .
As I walked down the stage , I loaded the lawn , the right eye had to shake .
And then I began to rediscover the value of sleep .
During that time , I &apos;ve been teaching , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , I &apos;ve been talking to scientists , and here I am to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to escape .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , male-pattern males have been equal to male-pattern disease .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was gasping for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been smiling five , the dinner would have been a bit more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an uncomfortable shame .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really sick in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to fix a tennis , I &apos;m going to get some answers , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s true
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded too much ice .
In fact , it seems to me even if the brothers of Lehman had been his brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) Since all the brothers were really expensive and engaged , perhaps the sister would notice ice ice the ice , because it would have been washed up after 7.5 hours or eight hours , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what is good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude , efficiency to our lives , what is best for our careers , is the best and the world .
So I urge you to explore and find the great ideas that inspire us , unlock the magic and find the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material — a brownish network , using ages for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I was able to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
Actually , after graduation , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidate was rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
I had a lot of hope to give to the paintings , and I sent the paintings off to the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabalipur .
The last day of the show , but my paintings were not revealed ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried a breast cancer .
But enough to create a large sculpture , it was too difficult and too fast .
I walked into the hill , and I watched the birds rolling down my sleeve in the evening .
Every day I would see it , but this time I was looking at it incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and exquisite materials .
My first enthusiastic skull was originally designed to work with these fish .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Flight of the Bumblebee . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded photos of the sculpture .
I found its bright surface , covering with every wind in it , always changing its text .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to study the tradition and collaborate with the amateurs , later in Libya and with the news crew .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that by looking at objects they would become what would be possible ...
Back in India , we built a network with six and a half million hand-held devices , and the culture was short of Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a radical design in Porto , in Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and short-term ones .
For two years , I was looking for plants that would keep ultraviolet spines , frogs , weather , tension and also make it easier to spread in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the horizon in the middle .
So we eradicated this 5,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move with the light and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could actually model something accidental and moving .
I found a great flight engineer designing the towers for the American Girl Scouts , Peter Hepburn .
It helped me get the double challenge — to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hands up .
So I collaborated with the industrial landscape factory , and I learned about their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could be translated into this unique , ancient framework for machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
After three years and — two children were born , we dropped 50,000 sq. ft . — about 15 to 240 sq. ft . — net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and unexpected no authority .
( Applause ) This place was white and black .
Now it makes sense .
We went after this sculpture for the first time .
I was watching the wind develop choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the ceiling ...
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these sculptural glass blocks for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The history of the city of Philadelphia : its trajectory , I felt , was needed simpler than to create a grid material .
So we experimented with smaller pieces of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and in attempts it could be explained , and also people who could be shared in all of that regardless .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an x-ray of the urban transportation system .
The other challenge : Cultural and ideas , the slogan of the Biennial of the Americas , ran in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the 35-week vacation and communities in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
He took over the tectonic plates of the Earth , repeated the melting of the planets , and on and off , he shrunk the Earth day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which represents a microscope that was shrunk the day of the Earth .
I couldn &apos;t build them normally using a pen .
Their structure was too complex .
So I turned the metal armature into a tiny little network of materials , 15 times more thin than a pencil .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex network shapes and model them in terms of Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; they asked me if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way to think about it enables me to create and build sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
What they haven &apos;t funded yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming to bring a glimpse into many of the cities of the world where they &apos;re most necessary .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional construction , a visual form .
Today , I develop this with high-tech and engineering to create shapes of scale .
My creative horizons are expanding .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
A lawyer who never thought about art , never enough of a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and made him jump under this sculpture .
With the costumes floating in green , there were wind turbines popping up next to strangers screaming out the mirror .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a boy woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separate from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
The energy storage at the same time is given throughout all our sensory systems , and it creates a multi-dimensional image of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I am an energy essence , connected with environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re one-on-one , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wanted to see what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
