By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all these people are going to do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty straightforward thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And the first thing that I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technology journalist , who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally reconnected from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written a better and more careful coordination than many , but actually , we &apos;re all creating arch@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million Tumor Treating Fields are discarded every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a few pictures and images of a house , or a grandparent that lives in a box right now .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud without time , a year without you .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly intriguing technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a video of what the present and the future will look like .
We &apos;ve already observed a few services that are designed for us so that we can decide what happens to our online profile and our social media survey after we die .
One of them , actually , fairly comfortable finding me afterwards when I was signed up in a New York restaurant at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s going on here ?
Death : Go to ified . Even if it doesn &apos;t .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How afraid I am ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called 1,000 memories .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and narratives that they can release after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is even more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Cowey that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of video .
I think while machines can understand human language and process huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large numbers .
And I think what will happen is that it will be possible for our digital self to continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , because of the limited amount of content that we create and technology to do so in a meaningful way .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Twist &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter history , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say in your next text .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be profound .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are complete .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lab is working with robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could cooperate by a unique characteristic of a person , by the hundreds of thousands of content pieces that a person had created in their life ?
After all , think about this tiny stage and choice in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast directly to will.I. among them — a hip hop artist in his studio in particular interviewing Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transmit our loved ones into our worlds — connecting very much like life , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to explode together exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what it means to be a definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after their career &apos;s trauma — I call them reviewers .
These are people who have made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , their personal interests , or for their personal health .
With that , all sorts of career advisers : veterans , officers , pensioners , returned to work , or the parents returned to migrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and restarters .
Working together showing people the flaws of their lives , describing their risks as a high risk , and the person taking a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful replacers are everywhere and everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist at USC who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about boys going back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of the long duration of the career , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California that &apos;s returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy has responded to a calling of the &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; except for people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Theresa wrote that there were five kids &apos; mother who liked being in the house , but after she got back to work , she really wanted to get back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything we search for work .
She was looking for funding , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously examining companies online and running for jobs without any identification .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone known that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a bunch of those who finally get at work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I did when I was trying to get back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , people that you work with or work with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us , what we &apos;re still separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my microbus a day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they know nothing about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great confidence to come back with these people and listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t make business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;m barely following the news when I was at home with my four little children .
So I &apos;m afraid I &apos;m going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there yet .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was going on in the business world .
I believe that restarters are the embodiment of power , that &apos;s why .
We have less consent or partner work transfer .
We live a life of more success .
We have a wonderful experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the covers to work for ourselves .
Beyond that , we have the energy and the desire to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
The other side of the tree , when I talk to the workers , there are two concerns that the workers have to confront .
First of all , the workers are really excited about restarters being away from technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically challenged , it &apos;s just about being .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I needed to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I said to the reporter , that employees would expect them to come work with their basic office management tools .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second one was a concern about restarters , that they don &apos;t care that reviewers don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to reviewers that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a work in progress .
It &apos;s the reporter responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following a program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term workforce , whether you call it surprise , or not , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a general reintegration program .
I saw , as a return engineer , an uninformed reintegrated candidate , running the program at the front lines in the military , and then he got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s from a magazine called &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage surgeon in between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated rating agenda for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are trained , and people who are moving to permanent positions get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegrated surveillance programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Engineering Council .
Why do companies choose to reintegrate ?
Because the surveillance allows the employees to work through real-world examples of task shifting , rather than negotiating , and the employer doesn &apos;t have to make a permanent employment decision until the surveillance is over .
This testing process removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by reviewers , and they attract great candidates who become great suits .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career changers .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their return to work was their reintegration programs .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be a 401 ( k ) plan .
On the other hand , that &apos;s the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father in her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her that it was possible for her to do something more , but she couldn &apos;t do anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she covers all of their assets , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but made it more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy was able to do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called the second reporter for her to work .
The third time , the work was an experiment , just as a surprise , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its work .
My aim is to introduce the idea of reintegrated reintegration as many people as possible .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer a surveillance or a surveillance worker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Tell the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other repositories come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to make serious sense of the environment .
Using crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just spend — I &apos;ll spend the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
And that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The big answer is this .
And then , if it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , you can make a difference .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole , is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of ownership .
And we also hired the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they relate to nothing ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hello . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight projects of my projects , synthesized with Dan &apos;s artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object that I call &quot; &quot; Sat phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by the change in my lap forever to ask me to do something for him , as if I were the continuity of his body : turn on the lights or bring him glass water , a set of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , this pattern of control was strengthened , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the unit was a better person in the Indian family .
And what disturbed me most was how he was using a mobile phone .
He would raise his hand and expect me to get a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my hand , I made &quot; &quot; Send the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
That &apos;s exactly how my uncle uses the telephone that one person makes .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that could send his sons and daughters around the world on his own .
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and print his elbow and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual letter , again .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical connections .
And , of course , the object should have been especially prone and captured by the ritualistic aurochs like my tea and my love .
The next piece is a soundscape feeling an installation we fondly call &quot; &quot; The Guys . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
This is how it works : we bend the floors on the walls and we fold the little crevasses behind them .
And once it &apos;s all around the event , they sort of sit there outside .
And if it gets quieter , they throw their hair out .
And from the smallest sound , they &apos;re hiding .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little swimmers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of get out of the way .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the trauma that they don &apos;t respond to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were really trying to make them live .
So every effort — behavior , psychology , death penalty , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards , I loved him very well .
We forced them to respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
It &apos;s a video installation called &quot; &quot; Happy Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges — a camera system , we built a software that could track people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Soren , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a rendered video that made it impossible to see .
Short comes into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it and showing it off .
This is a video that was a very early video that didn &apos;t solve the problem yet , but it was very immediate .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s covered in space , and then we put the monitors on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in a monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , as the group was moving in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , like a childhood oil spill or a sun spill .
From far , this object looked very strong and tense , and also from the dog , very weak .
So the people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something that was nothing .
But as soon as they walked through the country , he was beating up the wall .
After all , he was extremely angry and he suffered .
( Laughter ) This work is all about a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be thrown into a shell , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It flows around on its head like an ear , very unexpected , slow motion .
It &apos;s limited by circumference .
If there was no circle there , and the floor would be very flat , it would have to climb all the space .
And there are no boats or balls .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slowly , in a few minutes , if it rains through the pain , it gets reinforced , and it looks like I &apos;m doomed .
And this is an important point , because this is how we wanted to defeat the willingness to run after it , save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because eventually he does something to himself .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , and actually a lot of our work to try to combine mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify his moment of criticism , because if we were to build it so it would open up , it would be destroyed , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it would not destroy the sense of inevitability , so he didn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object self-asks .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly excited about . We &apos;re working with the aesthetics of steel , the optical lens of various shades of steel , shining like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
We developed all these things around the shape of a spaceship hidden in the back .
Our idea was to bring something as warm , as remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were looking at this shape like a jacket and realizing it was more like a jacket in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , trying to approach you , enjoying you , growing up at twice the taller and eight-foot object .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting , therefore keeping a dynamic connection with the people around it — kind of trying to protect itself or protect itself .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it , because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we just stare at any creature in our mind , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the relationships , all the industry , all the commerce .
And this is what happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to go into history books a few hundred years from now , our generation is going to be mentioned as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is , online , there are problems , very serious problems , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve struggled my whole career with these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered in a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the sector of the landing department in the lobby , and if we look closely , we can see here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Hello , come on . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Bassem and Ambien .
And Basit and Amjad are names for promotional noise .
In fact , there are still phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
The AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are a few pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abbutbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or a street next to this building , which is an address of 730 Nazi brands in Allah Iqbal .
I got in the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Bassem and Ambien ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Achilles is sitting .
These are the first men to write the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt this sense of pleasure because of the understanding that both the Basin and the Asian computers were hiding hundreds of times over , completely unconnected with them over the years .
So there is justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to run old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Here we go .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you stack this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you turn it on , a guy walks on your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , to track movement in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and create an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus that we found on the file , called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , that &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It would be groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are passing hidden computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hide Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — someone else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a few different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank when they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and removed from prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and humiliated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is sites where you come in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you go to an online shopping mall , you &apos;re going to have to record your name , your content address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example of failure that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to the other person &apos;s credit card information , you can connect to the Internet , and you can buy whatever you want to buy .
And that obviously is a problem .
We now have a fancy market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cyberbullying .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these men actually manage to work from their surgery , and let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the people who are looking for the most .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his suffering partner , who also researched in the INTERPOL headlines , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys went on to do a surgery called I.M. , a cybercriminal justice surgery , where they had millions upon them .
They &apos;re both getting stuck now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. agencies announced the Swiss bank account , for instance Jain and in that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that online crimes can allow themselves to invest in the future attacks .
We know that online officials do the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have responsive systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves see how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can navigate around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to be coming from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when the site is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They go from country to country , from one jurisdiction to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving out free air tickets to all Internet criminals .
So criminals who have not been able to get us there can now .
So are we online searching for criminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one of the filaments .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of what it &apos;s made of .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture profile on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and run the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the file of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encoded , so let &apos;s decode it .
It was coded under the XOR function of 97 .
You just need to believe me , it was so encrypted .
And we can go over here and actually encode it .
Well , part of the yellow code is already wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can actually see an address on the Internet : ononononononononononononononononononononononcog.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and it &apos;ll leave it behind .
And this is the hidden device that the program will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , like someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I proud him .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few rats in the lab , and one of them thought that the head is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of St. Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and so on .
So I started looking for contact in St. Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian man who &apos;s been running the Internet for a couple of years , and he &apos;s got his own personal page , and he &apos;s putting his website on the popular platform of Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty nice car for a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
St. Peterborg &apos;s center , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Marcedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Marcedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were to be , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the Internet crashes have grown ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know which country it comes from .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot tame them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it changes pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked this thing up .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical management brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
The PLC , the little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invites one , there &apos;s a big revolution that we should be worried about .
Because everything around us is in control of these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farmer , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very addicted to the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We need to have a way to work even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand don &apos;t wait .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — think about sustainability , replication of repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Right .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t be having them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face problems with cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk before online harassment , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it global , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement , looking for online harassment groups — these organized groups that are making millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire deployments .
What &apos;s really important is that it really is a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this online crime , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout national parks and national forests — basically the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I went to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally changes her face imitation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signals that we see in Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just sticks to me for a few moments and then she turns laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we act when that happens , and what we can all say about human extinction .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking of false , or at least avoid thinking of the possibility that we &apos;re wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my rich beliefs here , I am in time , all of a sudden all of this abstract misconception of failure coming out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The reality is that the existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we stand in the middle of time with our family ; we go to choices and we vote for the existing time .
In reality , we &apos;re all kind of on a journey through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is first of all talk about why we get caught up in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we fighting this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid , I &apos;m going to run down , I &apos;m not going to mess up — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that mistakes can be similar to that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be humbling , it can be humbling , it can actually be humbling , as my sweetheart mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make it feel right .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where there was a soccer game going on and never got a bird running ?
Almost every single one of these movies was the moment the leg hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the jar , that &apos;s fine , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But what you need is the leg goes after the scar .
And what &apos;s funny — at least , if you &apos;re six years old — is that for a leg , everything is just fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it stops .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until that — we &apos;re like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cutting edge .
So I should actually address what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
For most of our time , we don &apos;t have any internal signals to let us know that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Spend your mind for a moment in elementary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is kind of flipping the page , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a miniskirt .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the wrong job are expensive , irresponsible , and second , in order to make a success in life , you should never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I think , especially many of us in this room — are dealing with this simply by becoming idealistic little 10-year-old , perfect , maximized .
Really , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except that we &apos;re terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that makes us feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their job — they get up and take her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything &apos;s done perfectly .
She looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body replaced ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeons have done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the underlying trust that you feel at the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we &apos;re all experiencing so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to make mistakes , so we end up adding things like 657 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just about to perfect .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans actually explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing we tend to do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the suit , but they &apos;re too stupid to put them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly clever , we go to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it for their own purposes .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This approach to our rights kept us away from mistakes when we absolutely need it and make us act compassionately with each other .
But what &apos;s most striking to me and most tragic about this is that it starts with a human being .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and describe the opening world .
And we want everyone to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The miracle of your brain isn &apos;t that you see the world as it is .
The stick is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in another place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky that night and see that , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Ductor said a very famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , &quot; &quot; Sir . Augustine would sit down and write &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Sleep , I &apos;m called . &quot;
Augustine realizes that our ability to cheat is not some terrible human loss , something that we can either erase or lose .
That &apos;s the whole notion of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
This mania , I think , is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
In recent years , for several reasons , I &apos;ve been involved in a series of public radio exhibitions that read this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were mistakes .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the ultimate mismatcher .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which happened not once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had a plan to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , that &apos;s true .
Otherwise , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; as a maker of a ship , we laugh at each of our series having the same hidden subject .
And that secret theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen to one , and everything else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need to be there , &quot; &quot; said to Ira Glass , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , we lose that .
We like things like static wines , misleading signs and unexpected endings .
Our stories love mistakes .
But you know , our history is like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would invite Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction , free people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he would be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life until he was too old and through illness and he would be able to transport his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school loved , come back to your city and raise a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s missing , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and advancement and improvement ?
Because half of the things that have been most worthwhile to remember and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Let &apos;s tell another story .
We meet another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , are amazing new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a miracle out of this tiny , tiny space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and complexity of the universe and mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the hall of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the Jewish Living Leader .
Luckily , those plans were destroyed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
He finally was convicted of his participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people are connecting with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he gave me his archive and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to a farm in Long Island to practice breastfeeding .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , my final breakthrough came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , all the targets got .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic he said , &quot; &quot; Ib-oh . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all seemed very funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same thing that my father had .
These guys ended up sticking 650 kilograms of fertilizer and leaving it at a lower level station , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , creating a destruction , reducing six people and decreasing over 1,000 .
These were the people I loved .
People that I called amma , that means a box .
When I was a new face in class , I would often follow things .
I was raised to justify people based on unprecedented criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 President &apos;s choice .
My focus was on the death of my youth because I had a great deal of life , and this was a very sensitive subject to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and if I was honest , I felt a passion to be able to go through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The second major step in opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden of Prime Minister .
There I was showing all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and this experience was the foundation of my deeper definition .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
In the Progress Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me creates a sense of empathy for other peoples , and I find it uncomfortable with good people not the way I would like them to behave with me .
Because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Day Show . &quot; &quot; Next , John Stewart challenged me to be open to myself about my fanaticism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I almost needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and recognizing that the word comedian made me a more positive influence than my extremist father , I am not a victim .
I was talking to my mom one day about the candle of my world , and she said what I would hold by my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a firm eye view of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not calling people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it would take to keep the incomplete self .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I uncover my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use death , someone will hear my story and realize that there are better roads , and even though I &apos;ve been involved in this ugly , unrealistic ideology , I haven &apos;t been obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that they have produced in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these fearless acts and move my father &apos;s action .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pockets , I realized I had no clues .
In fact , I could see them through the window at the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an epiphany in Europe this morning , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I was growing up and down , I found a big stone , and I broke down the corridor &apos;s window , and I took the glass ceiling , and I put a piece of cake inside , and I taped it with a pencil , thinks that in the morning , when I got up to the air puddle , I could call my master to repair it .
It &apos;s going to be cold , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a sponge player in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , it &apos;s going to look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartilage that promotes heart failure , it changes the level of adrenaline and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the traveling airport that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
This is me going home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back into the air hall , I fell asleep , but they had already given my place to someone else , so they put me back in the plane &apos;s head by the toilet , into a seat that doesn &apos;t come back , at eight hours in a row .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours of noise .
( Laughter ) So I started wondering , can we do something about it , design systems that protect these kinds of bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the mind didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was feeling embarrassed , I was telling you about my wide window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he was practicing something called future retrospect .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , and he &apos;s also called a study of temporary dishappiness .
You all know what failure is .
When a team of experts failed , they came in and they tried to figure out what was going on .
So today I want to talk about a few things that can be done as a recent study .
Some of them are obvious , others are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Remove the place in your house to things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science about how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years , to be able to track important things — where the hippocampus , where you can find fish , the bathroom of drugs , where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the taxi drivers in London .
This is the part that lets governments find their tickets .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the wolves were swimming the smell of perfume , and they kept finding shadows .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too far , and not very good for moving things .
And so we miss the rocks of the machine , or the eyes of reading , and so forth .
So take your place at home — a cable at the door , perhaps a decorative cube .
The world is a particular table .
For kids , it &apos;s a table .
If you squeeze the place and you try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
How about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your passenger &apos;s attention , pass it on to yourself in the cloud .
If those things fail or succeed , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re doing stress , the brain is turning off the cartilage .
The box is boring , it challenges thinking .
So part of the pre-frontal lobe analysis is is to understand that we &apos;re not as good at stress as we might be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than when you &apos;re supposed to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about your treatment or your treatment or help them develop .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all of the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial or social decisions — any decision that directors reasonable facts .
So for example , you go to the doctor and she says , &quot; I just got the results from the lab , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will reduce the cholesterol rate , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medicine works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s fault , if anyone &apos;s involved , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxhSmithKlein estimates that 90 percent of the drugs represent only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly on the list , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have been given medication for years until they &apos;ve been charged with one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another guess , which is , &quot; &quot; What is the side effect of the drug ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : seizure of muscle pain and neck pain , creation and loss — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this is going to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people use a drug . One , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be replaced by a drug than by a drug .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to offend you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , according to the men over 50 , give birth to a prostate cancer , the number we need to keep is 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done while one person is left .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
With their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their immortality .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of a contemporary study is to think about questions that should be asked to move the conversation first .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it all at once .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one that can afford to have a lot of pain ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can think about the enthusiasm of the event , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need a burglar system , you don &apos;t need a burglar system , or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles into its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s going through the window during stress is rational , logical thinking like Danny Kahneman and his colleagues showed .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think what &apos;s important here is that we need to recognize that we &apos;re not sick .
We &apos;ll all be okay someday .
The myth is that we think from an early stage of what failure might happen , that we have ways to actively minimize failure , or inhibit the road to bad things .
Going back to that night in Montana , when I returned from my trip , I described a master set up a coding box next to my door , with a piece of coding on the front door , and it was easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a root of stuff that I didn &apos;t eat , and a root of stuff that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely converted , but I see sustainability as a taxpayer process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union covered a large part of the item in an unlivable space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to make space .
The rocket was a giant rocket .
with the same prosthetic socket in the foreground , which is two radio tubes .
In March 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years of travelers like Vasco da Game and Colombo , they were lucky enough to find new lands .
Now we have the luck to discover space .
And this is in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re watching a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the spring , Sputnik created all the splendor .
A human being made up of the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a commitment and a commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But after three days , so-called Red Day , the media and politicians were telling us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our ancestors had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can pull us with a Sputnik account .
And then the whole puzzle started .
Great Sputnik became one of the three great American crashes , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He had a stroke .
And we &apos;re losing the space shuttle .
And funding for Congress over the past year has grown very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik &apos;s impact has caused more weapons production .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation trained when tens of millions of people in 78 cities showed up underground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of American juries .
But Sputnik has also made some remarkable changes .
For instance , a few of us here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education in general , the curve has increased dramatically .
Wynz Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film reveals how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be a very disadvantageous situation for which Americans in general have even benefited .
The Sputnik film will be released very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use fire and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third condition is less visible .
Is everything ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clothes , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be shifted to wars .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , it was discovering new mass capabilities , 20 years after the war ended .
And that seems to be the biggest capability ever discovered .
During the four major breakthrough conflicts that struck Bosnia in the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The Industrial Rights Movement revealed several fears for human and genocide .
The genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ownership , their cultural landscape , and ultimately the very idea that they had ever existed , was born .
The genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance of human identity .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be dead ends that are more comfortable than their bodies or our easily blinded memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they find things that the mosquitos carry with them at the execution site are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserve .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Experts use these things as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as highly valuable instances in war-torn neighborhoods .
The rest of the life is often asked to figure out what these things belong to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , ineffective and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardened or are merely trusted by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object that was broken in order to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , innocent , targeted reminder of what happened .
These pictures are about understanding each other , and knowing these things makes us a little bit more aware of each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; correct expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will recognize , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
When I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I took — I took photos every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of joy .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some projects going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to realize these projects , we &apos;re mostly working in an area of intuition and secrecy .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called Water Fund .
The viewer kind of walks into the room , and instantly these plates are immediately woven into the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer has noticed her , she seems to be squeezing and stopping into the cold symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two selves .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute terror .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 18th century , the altarian flags and the other , about 100 years old , the Malaysian abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To make it easier to sense the scale — the largest scale is about two meters high .
Like that . And the smallest of them are the A4 format .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all of a sudden come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to live in their space , the ceiling becomes like a viewer in space , and it becomes like a viewer , and it becomes loving , and it becomes loving , like , a sense of being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems like the observer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it may also be quite the opposite that the claws themselves are so highly held to construct the rules that they &apos;re sort of like the tone marker .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can either see that it &apos;s an A4 shape , or a piece of paper that &apos;s larger than a piece of paper , which is held from either side of the two small hands that were carried away by the attention and the attention from a tiny piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without touching its long length of time , and it doesn &apos;t work for them .
So this instability is really reminiscent of the instability by camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is over the moving camera , and the other one is over the camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just took the camera out and we shipped the motion to the ceiling .
Here &apos;s a video .
You &apos;ll have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to reduce the gesture of the bubble , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a smaller person with real hands .
It &apos;s kind of like comparing it to the number of breasts you need to do this service , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper that you see in front of you .
Another task is massage .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and very high like an antenna — a head , and its only goal is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks past , it sort of covers from side to side , and moves his arm closer and closer when the person gets touched .
This is the first scenario of the trial .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they &apos;re looking for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Masla &apos;s collection .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it came out of a factory , like a vacuum cleaner or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as a kind of personal object , and it gives us a little bit of a background with our image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that is trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next work is called &quot; &quot; The Origin . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape that is made up of the size of the auditorium that is visible to the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this size , and the audience is kind of occupying my whole field of view .
There are 996 little shapes in the auditorium .
They are taught mechanically to play by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be done around them or how they want to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a multiplication or multiplication , and then no one &apos;s going to happen until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak tribes in the audience , or it could be a very sound ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as a instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t do any of the audience to get it right .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and commitment and uncertainty .
He also has pleasure and pleasure .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of the imagination spreading in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brains are synthesizing each other to reveal the sense of doubt and printing .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t even know when we &apos;re going to get all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of material .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a path or a network that sits in a room and can be observed from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would perceive a particular perspective or a shape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and first on the road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very grid-like network , we wanted to give the characteristics of cartoons and other clusters as if the plane had physically constricted them to travel on that path .
We love the idea that these patterns dance around as if they &apos;re obsolete and they don &apos;t have patience , as if they &apos;re oblivious and contented , as long as they &apos;re perceived to move from view to end up behind the next wall .
So this project leads us to the opposite of ourselves .
These images are kind of embedded in this very grid grid , which is kind of like a prison , but also a tattoo , because it allows them to remain embarrassed and naive and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these really life-saving bits that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a fairly concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful at working with Curious ETH to prototype the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the gestures from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the head and back movement .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits into my body .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough to make the day harder , you &apos;ll expect everything to be off . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to do for years .
I knew that the regime of my normal work didn &apos;t work .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to switch on the summit ridge as if it were a boat below the summit .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
They &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t forget to start .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
One morning , I woke up , had three days to finish and none of the words still , and the only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I broke down not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I walked slowly down like a car , and I fell down before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s great ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a writer online .
I wrote a blog called Wait , Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain and indeed untested my brain so that I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the unemployed ?
It means it &apos;s all good until it happens like this .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang likes , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Carrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious work .
The Marlboro Man is not the one who has to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she does care only two things : She &apos;s fun and simple .
In the animal world , that works great .
( Laughter ) And the chimps are just one more species of animals .
You need to maximize , recruit and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Society of Movements that allow us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what we do best .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like , during dinner or wandering around in bed , or to enjoy the session with a lover .
So there &apos;s a shift .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not to do things that are common .
And this is where conflict comes .
I call it the Tamil Plaza Strip .
This is where freedom works , where freedom works should not be happening .
When the Big Bang leads , the question becomes , how do the paychecks generally end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of minor area where important things happen ?
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal miner , and he looks at it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , it &apos;s the only one that fears the Big Bang .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream of being here at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to come and work now . &quot; &quot; And Grandma said , &quot; &quot; I really agree , but let &apos;s Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to get to India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four in six months , then — two , and after that — one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I opened the web and I saw my face , a connection to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts playing out of the theater , and after a few seconds the whole system is being filled with chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monster — remember , Panic Monster is running through trouble — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And then finally , the Rational Choice President can take a drill and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monstras explains all of the behaviors of the unintelligent , like something like me , he can &apos;t write the first letter in two weeks , and then with a miraculous job interview , he doesn &apos;t spend all night writing eight pages .
This is a situation with three characters , a delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were frustrated and written about how disappointment affected their lives , how the Vienna influenced their lives .
Why do people get in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of attention .
And that long-term focus is less observation , less talking about it than about laughing , shorter distance with terms .
It &apos;s often survived in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of unhappiness and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not like they were working on a particular project .
This long-term attention has turned them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they had achieved their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there were no non-disclosures .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as innocent as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe we &apos;re comfortable with terms , but remember : The monkey does come when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out , not that many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the breast .
I think we need to look at these calendars carefully .
We have to think about what we actually pay for , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work that we need to start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy called Capiton William Senison , who was just sent to Congress by the Obama Museum of Congress in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with the interaction , paved the way for the medical echoes to be placed .
The amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and captured this event .
You can see Capiton Senison bringing up a destroyed war , leaving himself in his legs .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s an enduring love , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I &apos;m acting with ?
On the vertical axis , we prepare for people who are willing to educate others to benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they &apos;re serving the military .
Those better people are willing to connect with others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
I had the great honor of meeting a few people we would call heroes , who were willing to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do it .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s outdoor weather , and maybe it &apos;s a tiger with weather , all of these forces are working to reduce our lifespan .
So in addition to social animals , we live together , we work together , what we call safety rates , a field where we feel like we &apos;re part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that some of the gentle ones are safe from danger .
The modern world is exactly like that .
It could be a new technology , it could be your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We cannot deny it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only thing to change is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership matters , because the tone is the leader .
I was on a plane , and I was on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it over to numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device was treating him like a passenger , like a passenger .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early on .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you deal with us humanly ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Well , a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can come to a party or not run out of work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
that they don &apos;t respect their leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we &apos;re forced to take time and strength away from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their self-belief , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we could ever imagine .
Charlie Kim is head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to leave one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we bringing people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;re never going to be released because of the unpleasant tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and so comfortable with the management of those banks that they have received insufficient equations and prices .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they have given the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion policies .
This is what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave a $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or the $ 250 million prize for Mother-Teresa ?
Would we suffer for that ? Of course not . None of us would .
Diets of leaders are not taught in any way .
It &apos;s called numbers .
They &apos;re worth the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest in &quot; &quot; Barry-Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company passed a recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In a large production company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We needed to raise 10 million dollars , so like most companies today , the government would ask for free questions .
Bob did not know that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And the cardiac PET scans are much harder to reduce heart numbers .
We decided to do a holiday program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to leave four weeks of unprepared leave .
Athropologists could choose whenever they were , and not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for everyone to suffer a little bit than anybody to suffer in a strange way , and in that way he stole the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to have people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of a few soldiers in the back of the war , and as there were some soldiers who were accepted , the leading agency was eating the last , and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they were finished eating the food that they had provided to lead .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their own eggs to keep people safe , and their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get natural responses — our people will suffer because of us .
They give their blood , their clothing and their skirts to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why have you opened your blood , your clothing and your shirt for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work with ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of Andes .
This is how I grew up : encouraged to see the future in spite of limitations .
Part of my education was about how I helped her work in remote , rural communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the border of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother gave me a letter to Kipling , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go and search for Calais .
Something that misses the mountain .
Please meet and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; I became a medical student for the following year .
One in 100 children born all over the world has a heart disease .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problem that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with tension .
The wolves must survive inside the mother .
The distinction depends on the connection between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a heart attack .
It causes confrontation and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen shortage is also one reason .
And as you can see in the diagram , the frequency of these regions is increasing dramatically with the height .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , it looks like they &apos;re essentially trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up was a green shower .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of resistance to our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Retirement is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt at creating this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter moves the rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a joke .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
Only if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our own success , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil is a different one , because the coal between arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the stories of writing complex letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us get a new set .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we built a design that was made out of very strong materials that recorded shape .
It seems that auditory right now allows us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s reaching out to the supply and it &apos;s required .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it only takes 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients we &apos;ve had are part of our team , a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
And together we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to recover strength and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind , not because of loss or access .
So we need to start the foundation with a one-size-fits-all model .
We &apos;re giving one tool not enough to ensure that every child survives .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , and we would expand it , really : Not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a little town called Muti .
Water and electricity were the same unpredictable as weather ; growing up in these complex conditions , when I was 17 , I was in the middle of a couple of friends &apos; lives , and we were born in the sun .
The sun is coming up very well .
When you get married , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s interesting , why doesn &apos;t anybody bite something you can put on your skin and not have to bite ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; And I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases have been followed by conditions like this , and the core of those diseases is called a trachoma .
This infection in the eye is caused by a beer when the eye is caught , and some of the infections that are lost can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s eyes every year , and the shocking truth about it is that you avoid searching infections , you need to swallow a face : you don &apos;t need drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to hurt , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my personal favorite cell phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop , I didn &apos;t have any admission from the Internet , I was actually using the Internet coffee in 20 euros — I did Wikipedia
that looked like something out of a CFC art , you know ?
And then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote a patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person ever receiving a patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to have any money ! &quot; &quot; — ( Laughter ) — I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first ever wandering
It climbs on top of the skin and doesn &apos;t need a damage .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to start making a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can bring in the market , and we can bring this product and we can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One of the things that we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform products at large .
They cross when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex does not cross all the boxes , and he crosses one cigarette every day , even though that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started DryBath on a small innovation journey .
She goes over half and drops out .
The funny thing is that one round of apartments poses a five-word puzzle .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about product adoption .
We realize that even richer parents want to use DriBath in their offspring . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We &apos;ve calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you consume livestock , you also collect two hours per day of children from neighborhoods — two hours of schools , two hours for homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw that kind of global benefit , we were able to define our product &apos;s fundamental function , which was clean and comfortable .
DriBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor person , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the Green Limpopo , with 50 euros per week , I &apos;d lower the way people don &apos;t grow .
What &apos;s stopping you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process is that Google has picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best student in the business world , the first African to give this choice , and the strangest thing I &apos;ve ever done is I didn &apos;t like to hurt you . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in vacation , and I came back to the medical school where I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I &apos;ve been a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve been looking at a white coat and seeing exactly the patients .
And over the course of a month , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , are we going to meet this at an expensetary disorder , or do we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
It &apos;s done a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are aiming to reduce that growth .
Others , new drugs don &apos;t penetrate , therefore they don &apos;t reach patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
There are many cost-effective health care solutions available to them .
You choose a lab trial , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs to the physicians , we can reduce the costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my colleagues , some of my colleagues , are silent .
We looked at this question at BCG , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
And we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s state , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it a health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment with our money spent .
It was written nicely in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you see my girlfriend surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to price , but to pay a lot more attention to quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about was the medium that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good ones , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
When he lives in Europe , he can drive to Germany , which is a good healthcare system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , he &apos;s about 50 percent unemployed after the treatment , so he should be reusable .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martine Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of stuff , or you &apos;re at risk of one of your 20s .
It &apos;s a huge — seven times , a difference .
When we look at a number of hospitals in a variety of different conditions , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t be . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting and talked about how much exercise they would use in surgery .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal workshops that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; my way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know it and recognized it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They lost two years . &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the quality of the lab in surgery ? &quot;
And when he got together , he started measuring and sharing his data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement in the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve scanned the data every year .
And within a year they would come together to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unbelievable improvement .
Over the years , Sweden surgeons have shown the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists get together , the guardians , who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
It &apos;s permanent improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only exciting part .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we think about the effect of price in terms of equity , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been the least expenses , although that wasn &apos;t the number one goal .
Let &apos;s take a look again at the history of lab surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
There was a survey of how many patients had to do it again in seven years following their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We looked at the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases , the U.S. quality Index is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system meets quality measurement and weighs its quality up to the middle of the OECD , it will save people 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but even if it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The change in health care systems — doctors and nurses .
The only thing that they have in common is that they care about what they do , given the quality of their patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have another quality .
They like to recognize other people .
If a cardiologist invites another cardiologist to work in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital reaches a much better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of constant improvement that we see in this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community , in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
With two academics , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , the BCG formulated what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s a crime .
It means the International Consortium of Health Metrics .
We bring the best doctors and the patients together , the diseases under the illness , which are really qualitative , what we should consider and turn to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : Cataracts , heart disease , drug artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show the paper clip .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , plus 16 .
In three years , we &apos;re going to study 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like that . What better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in class with doctors and nurses and others discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients to do better ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the session , the top of the chart stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; The value of a patient &apos;s health care is not only costly , but also the outcomes that patients see , we can make a personal in hospitals and elsewhere health care system not a problem but an important part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health care can start translation , and I think that modern medical advocates , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient was always the most important , smiling their chips .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that make companies successful , what are the things that are really important to make companies work .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put a group of people with the right incentives and put them in the initial company , you can unlock people &apos;s potential .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bitter ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company .
I wanted to try to remain methodological , avoid some of my feelings , and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been creating artwork for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a pottery on a bus stop , when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best in companies for success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first come up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe a team , a survival , was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy named Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan until someone brings him to his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true of business .
The mastery of the team shows her ability to adapt to the face of the client .
A client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of customers ?
In my mind , it started to melt away that maybe it had the most impact on success .
And then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Does it start , but needs to teach the world ?
I went to 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , this Idealab company , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the bottom of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resist all of these insights , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not idealab , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And some verbs : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
The intelligence companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at these activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
The number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the press department when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drivers were looking for expensive money , and that was very important .
From our earlier successes , Citysearch emerged when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented in 1998 , came out when businesses were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online manufacturing company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the material on the Internet , add code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Only two years after the problem of coding was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the number of coding lines increased 50 percent , in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but not real time .
And by the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that experience is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best thing to do is to assess the time by clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them .
I hope that these will help you achieve higher rates of success , and therefore do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I was happy to start my student life , lecture , dinner , and I got into student laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and excited . I was afraid of other people , of the future , of failure and of despair that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started , and I was bent over by my shoulder , I was bent over my shoulder , just like hundreds of times before , when suddenly I heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but comments and clarity and reality were unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , shoulder and even , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was hiding , and I was hiding often because I was angry , then the voice was annoying .
And after a while there was a heavy conversation , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it , it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors what I did .
And then I almost got interested and helped out , so I told him about some strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television interview with students in the university district , and in one intersection , I said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
Since that point , I &apos;ve been placed into a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I was given a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was given a terrible sense of pride , a sense of admiration and alienation for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as experienced but as a symptom , my fear and my desire for opposition grew .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices were kind of messy and funny .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a wave of fear , of obesity , of lack of belief and uncomprehension , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find no targets , no consent .
Two years later , my condition was very high .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : speaking voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years , it seems like something would have died , but something else was saved .
The village started to ruin and destroy the person , but the person who made it out of it was a bystander and eventually grew up in a person that was forced to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been shocked by me , and I remember them all , but those memories are shocked by the people who helped me .
I believe that Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to elicit all the good and powerful people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing and singular spaces .
At first , it was very hard to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and graceful , the first step was essential to learn to separate metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I once trusted .
For instance , the voices that rose to burn my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice break .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge was finally made up of my parts , and each one of the fragments had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Woods Movement as part of the International Hearing Movement , and it was inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who perceives voices as a strategy of survival , a healthy response to unintelligent environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophren@@
This society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
It &apos;s not possible to welcome the person who makes themselves better .
You can &apos;t get people who aren &apos;t afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Walters Foundation has founded a network of voices in 26 countries , in five countries , working together to recreate the sense of urgency and unity , by providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that actually gives rise to the possibility of unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique creature that encourages an instinctive piece of self to cure , and that intellectual capacity can leverage this building block .
In this view , there is no greater pride or privilege for societies to be able to help other people &apos;s recovery , to be able to raise their hands , to share the pain of suffering and to give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides inside us can never be connected , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that are impossible to photograph the camera .
But my interest in photography caught fire when I turned my first digital camera on when I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier desire for painting , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it was more important for planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the ink .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something else , something where the process begins when it hits the button .
Pictures like this : Road jobs are going on a long way .
But there is an unbelief .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same intention : to maintain reality .
When I say &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the depth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery to make that picture real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-way surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a real-world mailbox , where different parts of reality can be different to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way , they can create something that still looks like a three-dimensional structure , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same thing , and I connect the pictures .
It &apos;s simply a different interpretation of reality .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take a picture , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because in the other case , it just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from that same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two images contain both needs : imaging at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . The picture has to be unique .
that you couldn &apos;t really tell what the image was made of .
So by printing colors and contrasts and lights in the newsroom and among the pictures , the photoreceptors of the ceiling together , the color and the taste , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can be made out of hundreds of blocks .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is really all connected from pictures taken in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I realized this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Cows are from different places .
A landscape is photographed in a stone floor .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So in order to achieve the actual result , I think the most important thing is plan .
It all always starts with an idea , an idea .
Then we layer in , and we layer these pictures together .
And here , each part is very well-crafted , planned .
If it follows the right frames , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing we need is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Suddenly , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It is estimated that six-dollar businesses have been opened up to two million U.S. dollars , connected to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a fabulous violinist .
There are more recent rectangles that are worried about waiting for new stories , about the emergence of another documentary .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
We &apos;re not connected to us , just people .
Why should they care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at office and not pay tax money , it stays less slow for public services like health care , education , some sustainability .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this public invitation to phenomenal .
The media and political leaders matter how the official space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for a decade .
I think a lot of the office world is kind of loud , ununderstanding how it works .
I visualize it as mathematical .
The company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to see what &apos;s hiding behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and for teacher institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , it &apos;s hard to understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event didn &apos;t cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Foonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delaware , from Wyoming , or the state of Nevada , we would see more U.S. connections .
Privacy in America allows workers to expand schools , for suckers , investors .
That affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just preliminary meetings , no lawyers took them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
It &apos;s about how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for divorce from pity .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So we want to have Panama come out , given us a glimpse of the openness of openness in the U.S. and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
It requires business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not the place . &quot;
Politicians must embrace this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy which creates conditions for mobility , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi there , Juliano .
It &apos;s been estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , are going to have more hidden documents than are printed collectively .
Can it be ?
Julian Assange : Well , could it be ?
The troubling thing is that the colors of the world work so simply that a group of activists are able to gather more information from this perspective than the entire world is writing together .
CA : What &apos;s going on ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure security ?
JS : You can tell that these people are classic information drivers . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art coding approaches to get the materials online , without leaving traces , until information enters countries like Sweden and Belgium , jurisdiction and receives legal protection .
We get information from electronic pages , simple messages , encrypted or not , fixing it like a regular news service , forming a form — which is rarely really difficult to do , because language goes about a publicly available amount of information , and our own separation from unavoidable legal and political policies .
CA : Well , it turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know personality in very rare situations , and if we kind of get to know that at some stage , that &apos;s the kind of information we &apos;re going to store as quickly as possible .
( Phone clapping ) Up .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out there about how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s reply .
It was a hidden account of the fame that the government of Kenya gave after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , ran by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this study , and together with one more connected answer , they spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for a political punishment before Moi , which was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan journalist .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , in front of the election — the national election at 28 o &apos;clock .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to embark on the person he was about to embark on — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report to President in Kibaki became an unspeakable act .
CA : So in summary , you can say that the information that came out of Kenya was not from official media , but certainly not from official media . You think it really changed the outcome of choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into rural Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
Information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been heavily detected by the Kenyan press .
This news in Kenya was broadcast in 20 weeks , and the data from Kenya &apos;s birth rate , 10 percent replaced the voting booth and the voting booth .
CA : It turns out that your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Archive .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this push is not for the tougher people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody gets it .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after the other ...
I got it . All right . End .
Show them when you see them . Stop them .
Excuse them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Hi . Hi . ( Cheers ) Hi .
The button — the butterfly , the butterfly , the butterfly .
We have to move , it &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just ran eight individuals .
Yes , we see two birds , and we see them in green .
I got it . I see them .
D-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Whoa , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , Ha , ha . I touched them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The success of those who did that was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : Eleven people have died in this attack , right ? According to two news organizations at Reuters .
JS : Two Reuters workers , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a global impression .
What did I think was the main reason for not enjoying it ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a mile away , each one of them leaving a 30-millimeter crab , looking for wisdom to shave and kill people who rescue the atrocities .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities but are working their way .
CA : There was a U.S. Conventional Bradley Manning analyst who found that he acknowledged that this video had been transmitted to you and 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy Cable .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to a 5,000-pound prison and a 50-year-old search .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re finding a cable from the U.S. Embassy Review , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this embassy , I was a big adviser .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
J. Anuj : We would have been following them . ( CA : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JS : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab states , definitely the violations of human rights in those states .
And if you look at these headlines , this is exactly what you see .
CA : So let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to communicate secret information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be transmitted .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have the resources and the resources to store , that &apos;s a good sign , that lets hope that you can get something good . Organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have lots of jobs to store that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for a dangerous person or a whole society that information overload can actually cause untold effects ?
JS : That was not the case of our investigation .
I want to say that we &apos;re seeing a politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that could be personally identified from which to identify .
But there are times when legal information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s a precise secret , but our sources that provide information have actually to do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if a father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you want to look for for has unclear motions .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people of Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
But video can transform the mind and understanding of those people who learn it all , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to shine light on black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets of others , you are secretly keeping your own information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia .
We don &apos;t have resources that are the size of any other source .
If that were the case , it would be a bad situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested to know — from what you &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience &apos;s opinion is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the bigger one , the bigger one , the bright one .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps it big ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , I &apos;m brave . It should be something .
CA : This is the understanding of lions , Juliano , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened is an interesting thing , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : That &apos;s an illustration of our actions , of everyday actions .
Last year , at the end of the year , a paper came out with a few oil tanks in Albany , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , not that big .
We got an answer — a kind of event engineering analysis , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various different oil blocks collapsed buildings .
And that struggle has been engaged , and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
There was no explaining information at the top of the engineering divide , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing it , even though we understood what was going on .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is achieving for itself .
So we put the paper in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , it &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t just check it out , and this week we got a letter from a community that said in order to figure out the source of a document . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What &apos;s the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a beautiful image of the documents , and Microsoft Word ID was shown by the authors of the documents .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our methods that we pursue to identify or to test the material , and that is , we want these men to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP workers ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs going on .
So the numbers in our publication in the last few months have come down because there &apos;s been a lot of interest , and now we &apos;re redesigning our core systems .
The mass of interest is the problem .
Just like every initial organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a tremendous amount of information stored on top of each other , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — is there a lack of willing to work as journalists , or is there a lack of slow journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is hard to grow fast , and it drives our trees &apos; behavior . We need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and also the other , smaller information .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
I said you had to be taught in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they secreted from the secret , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to make a paranoid .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and pretty young law enforcement .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I was a very young activist journalist .
I read a magazine I &apos;d been following as a young man .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied in all sorts of ways .
Unfortunately , today , it &apos;s mostly spotted by the Russian mafia , wanting to secure your old bank account .
So this word is not as pleasant as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying attention to someone &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can you get them to us , maybe tell us what kind of event it took to make their choices ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer because of the event .
But the core values like this — intelligent , resource-rich people don &apos;t leave behind , they take care of themselves .
This understanding was made possible by my father and by other smart , source people I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about growth very much , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could avoid perpetrators — that &apos;s to avoid perpetrators of equity .
This is a frog that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me tell you a quick story , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , joined the bank caretakers , and then the media owners were busy telling this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
In the banking industry , the GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
And yet , last year , we gave the answer .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes until the transmission , and as in the movie , it knows about friendship , and the readers are staring at , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our online network was being shown , and at the very beginning in Iceland , we were riding tears , we were talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this would never happen again , and the result of that was that alongside some Icelandic politicians and international law specialists , we developed a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom enforcement , with the greatest preserve of journalists , to set up a new prize for free of
Iceland is Northern Iceland , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were identical to the Icelandic language .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Juliano .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — is the Big Bang even bigger grim control , will it be more transparency , will we observe Big Bang , or can the process of both getting it wrong ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong drive to harmonize the right of freedom of expression in order to find more transparency — this is happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to figure out .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because having a one-way intersection can reduce the very small movement , in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll just say the audience &apos;s opinion : Julian , be careful , and let &apos;s make you powerful .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good afternoon .
My name is Olu .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I &apos;m actually a balance between ideas that are meaningful , aesthetic , beauty , composition , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to talk to you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he &apos;s carrying a violent mark by wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personalities .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the Santa Petersburg bars .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Huck from the film , but I never saw his anger .
It blinds its emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Halco .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Gayer person , the person who is the same .
( Laughter ) In artifacts , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and dreamt of collapsing .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
That &apos;s why you see me with the bowl of the Mexican warrior , with a wetsuit , almost in his sofa .
But remember , ironic is a rake , and I do it by wanting to motivate girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we do more .
Whereas all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragile creatures .
And in fact , the consequence is more sustainable social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is a problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making reality more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had air conditioning .
People fell . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After 18 years of doing this , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the ultimate happiness and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a knowledge network , sustainability , vision and looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of people .
Nonsense women .
I experienced my loved ones what was worth sweating .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of trouble .
As I walked into the desk , I saw the little girl , and the right eye had to turn .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was graduating from college with doctors , with researchers , and I &apos;m here to say that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to mimic .
( Applause ) We women will be facing this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-domination has become equal to governance .
I was having dinner with a man who was feeling that the night before that was four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner room would be more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It turned out to be a failure of miscarriage .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really upset in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but there &apos;s nothing I &apos;m going to do , I &apos;m going to deal with several calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very upset and productive , but that &apos;s true
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it enters the Titanic .
And our titans have already gone on too much ice .
In fact , it even seems to me that if my brothers Lehman had been his brothers and sisters Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bankrupt .
( Applause ) Now , while all the brothers would have walked a pair of highly dry and joined , maybe a sight would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven and a half hours in midair , and you would have seen a shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is good for the world .
So I urge you to reach out and find some great ideas that hide within us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a web of birth , a century ago , using exactly the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , flourishing forms , a scale equivalent to the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could take that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidate was gone .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 when I got an offer from a Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to paint the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat and I went to the town of Mahabali .
The last day it came , but my paintings were not reported .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But to create a large enough sculpture , it was too difficult and too fast .
I walked into the bush to walk , and I watched the birds rotating their nets in languages on the floor .
I used to see it every day , but I once looked at it in an amazing way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experience of sculpture was being constructed by collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Platonic Lives . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found the surface of her chest , covering with every wind in it , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I carried on studying traditional landscapes and collaborating with artists , later in Lebanon and with dawn .
I loved the details I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from beautiful objects , they would become something that could change ...
Back to India to work with the wolves , we built a network with half a million handful of handbags , and the culture was set up in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing a killer design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-designed , sustainable , as opposed to particularly glacier and shorter .
For two years , I was looking for a pneumonia that would hold ultraviolet spindles , strokes , weather , obesity and also make it easier to swallow in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wall .
So we broke this 35,000 pounds .
We had to design it so that it could move with the rain and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed mines for the slums of American empowerment , Peter Hepburn .
He helped me challenge the double challenge : to achieve a perfect shape and easy movement .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were not allowed to clean up the hurricane .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial network manufacturing industry , and I &apos;ve learned their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could be translated into this unique landscape of ancient ancestry for ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to design a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two-year-olds , we broke 50,000 sq. ft .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and undiscovered was no authentic .
( Applause ) This place was white and neat .
Now it has meaning .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind in choreography , and I felt like I had found an exhibition and had discovered a connection to the sky .
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these types of sculptural oasis for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The history of the city of Philadelphia : its trajectory , I felt , needed more light than a web sculpture .
So we experimented with tiny little bits of water to create a drought-tolerant jellyfish that could be designed by wind , and in the experiment explained , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this without offspring .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , like an X-ray of the movement system in the city .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas in the Biennial of the United States , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the warehouse of the 35-wind tour and their collection in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami flowing across the Pacific .
He &apos;d covered the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the melting of the planet , and as it unfolded , it would shrink the Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds that collide on Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build them normally using a pencil .
The structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny little tiny little net out of the material , and I flipped it 15 times further away .
This sculpture was already totally unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be adapted to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer programs that could design these complex network shapes and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my creative Times Magazine to the High Line .
A new way to think about it allows me to create and create sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
What they haven &apos;t financed yet , but I &apos;ve dreamt of bringing a glimpse into many of the world &apos;s cities where they &apos;re most needed .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visible form .
Today , I &apos;m dealing with this with high-tech and engineering to create an attractive , large-scale structure .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix was calling me .
The lawyer who never thought about art , never touched the local art museum , cut out everything they could from their workshops and made it into this sculpture .
With bones glued to the green , there were wind turbines going on , next to strangers , creating miracles ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you , thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separate from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very pleasant . ( Audience : I &apos;m not sure . )
Information flows through our sensory systems at the same time , and it creates a multi-layered view of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left inferior frontal cortex — our left inferior frontal cortex — works differently .
Our left brain is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
