By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all of these people do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , and he died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an essay .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked early on that when my body finally washed away my fears of cancer , that my family and friends would download this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archives might have been written a better and more careful coordination than many , but actually , we &apos;re all now creating
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being sent every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of your home , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over the period of time , year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few calls made for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in a restaurant in Foursquare in New York .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Miranda : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but ever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : You go to ified . You don &apos;t even go to jail .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How afraid , what ?
So what this service provides , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook during the period of time you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is to create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovak that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of video footage .
I think as long as the capacity for machines to comprehend human language and to process large amounts of data has improved , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s just not enough for the kind of content that we create and technology to make it meaningful .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions about what you might say in your next text .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be profound .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are improved .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could connect with the unique characteristics of a single human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this tiny stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast a glimpse of a hip music hologram in its study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , with all the wealth created by that person until they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capacity of technology to understand them and to expand together exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career trauma — I call them the reporter .
These are people who made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interests or for personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , returned to work , or returned to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because there &apos;s a lack of interconnection between workers and restaurants .
Working-class people see the miracle of their life as a great risk , and the person doing a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work long .
And this is the problem of discovery , and I &apos;m trying to help you solve this problem .
Successful restaurants are everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years in order to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of the long duration of the career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California that &apos;s returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest cross-section of my career .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And here &apos;s Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated on a location of &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; the people who tried to get back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy said there are five children &apos;s mother who love being in the home , but after the shootings , she had to return to work , and after all , she really wanted to get work back to her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for funders or bureaucrats , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a sun with those who are ultimately at work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
People &apos;s views are closed for you .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , with people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even as we spend time self-awareness , what happens to most of us , what we are left behind by our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
Here &apos;s me walking through my microbus a day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great privilege to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t make any business news .
My area is the finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid that I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there yet .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that restraints are the boundaries of workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less consulting or partner change .
We live a life of success .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the connection between our employees .
Moreover , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we haven &apos;t had it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have with the reporter .
First of all , the workers are really excited about the need for the technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically removed , it &apos;s just a constant state .
I used a financial analysis so long ago that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus one to two to three &quot; &quot; .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a big challenge , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , you expect the workers to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worries about the restaurants is that they don &apos;t care that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s the reporter responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of a short-term payment , whether it &apos;s called a survey , or not , but it was a constant kind of experience for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a common reintegration program .
I saw , as the return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , was running for the initial agreement in the military , and after that , he got a full-time job .
I saw two universities signing up for a semester education program .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s a story in a magazine called &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration , which you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they named the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have reintegration rating programs for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These guidelines are approved , and people who go to long-term positions get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate feedback programs to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Integration .
Why are companies choosing reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to find real-world examples of work instead of talking to each other , and employees don &apos;t have to make the long-term impact decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great customers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most employees weren &apos;t really interested in working at a restaurant .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employer told me that their return to work was supported by their reintegration programs .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of the bureaus in the financial sector .
But it was a work of time .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would happen to something else , but couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved company and colleagues , and offices were worse than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marriage and hope for the best .
Well , she outlined all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but made it more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They undertook her magic studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
The Tracy Journal was an attempt , just as a knock , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more people worked .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career , please don &apos;t suggest to a staff or a convicted worker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Tell the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other reporter came from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I &apos;m now working in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to put a serious view of the environment using ...
Using fruit crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just relax — I &apos;ll relax the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
The solar power technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s a vacation and a vacation , you can make a vacation .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of nurses .
And we also valued the company &apos;s value .
How do they organize ? Do they relate to nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object I &apos;ve labeled &quot; &quot; Dead phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by this weird device that I had to ask for something to do for him , like I was the extension of his body : turning on lights or bringing off glass water , a pack of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box is the best person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was his way of using a mobile phone .
He would raise his hand and expect me to get a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my suitcase , I made a mobile phone . It &apos;s so long that it has two people on it .
It &apos;s just like my unit uses a phone made by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made a golden writing machine that he could send his sons and daughters around the world , too .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and insert his elbow and remove the paper .
This device automatically transmits a message to a person , also .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And of course , the object had to be especially prone and obscure to the ritual , like my box and love .
The next piece is a sound-sensitive institution that we have deeply titled &quot; &quot; The Monkey . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put layers on the wall , and there are little pieces behind them .
And as soon as things go around , they sort of expand out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they turn .
So we put these tiles on the three-room wall .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheeks behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it becomes quiet around , they kind of leap off the shelf .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become transparent to their sounds .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Gunshot ) But they react to the first plan sounds , and you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as animals .
So every ginger is a behavior , a psychology , a value of commitment , a person , etc .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards , it &apos;s advanced .
We got them to respond to people , but we noticed that people around them became playful and childlike .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Descent Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of dealing with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges — the camera system , we built a software that could track people in the room and change one of their phones , making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side you see a video that has been processed into invisible .
Short comes into the room . Whoosh ! He becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and switching it off .
This is a very early video , and it won &apos;t solve the problem of overload and other problems , but it &apos;s immediately delicious .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that was shot in space and after monitors on each wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as the group would move in the room .
And here &apos;s a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the attention of the oil or the sun burns .
From the front , this object looked very strong and tense , and from the inside it was very light .
So people would come into the room , and they would not pay attention to him , thinking , this is just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
Eventually , they would have been duped and hoodwinked .
( Laughter ) This is a work by defining a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it &apos;s sort of pouring into a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s floating around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
It &apos;s limited by definition .
If there was no circumference there , and the floor would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there are no boxes or holes .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes or so , if you &apos;re in pain , you get a request , and it seems like I &apos;m in the open .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to run for it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he sort of reshapes himself .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked a long and hard way , as in many of our jobs , to deal with the mechanical , quantitative and dynamic aspects of it .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had made it so that he would turn around , it would be damaged , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it wouldn &apos;t give up the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t give up the opportunity to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we &apos;re testing for this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
He &apos;s getting worse now , so he &apos;s trying to get himself excited .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object is changing itself .
This is a work that particularly intrigued us , and we worked with the aesthetics of a cold , scattered various shades of light , shining like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a square shape on the bottom .
Our idea was to bring something as warm , as distant and as abstract as the universe , with a known shape of the hull of a joke , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were looking at this shape as a button and realizing it more like a gap in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , trying to approach you , loving to hug you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts , keeping dynamic connections with people around it — trying to protect secrets or things like that .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we &apos;re using it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we just look at any being in the mind , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist what it is that it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think about all the services we use , all the connections , all the industries , all the businesses , all the trading .
And this happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to happen in the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as a generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by the Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector , and if we look closely , we can see here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Hi , come on . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of promotional noise .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as a Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I made while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is a 730 Nizam blackboard in Allah Iqbal .
I got in the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I was so excited about this realization that both the Basin and Amjad computers were also packed hundreds of times over , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and of course in the 1990s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to run old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you turn around , after your screen , men will walk .
So it was quite easy to understand that you &apos;re infected with the virus at the time when the viruses created the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our lab , for example , to track circuits in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked the viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system over the Internet , we can see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the newest virus we ever discovered called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , that &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they work out of those viruses .
It &apos;s going to be group-like — let &apos;s go to GandstopBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys go through hacked computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these hacked computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank accounts when they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search for a word that you print is protected and sent to criminals .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of your blindness and so forth .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the sessions when you get in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in the supermarkets , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of the power timing , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can connect to the web and buy that information with you .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an extensive market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cyberbullying .
For example , how these men actually work from their operations , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We &apos;re finding people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his conviction partner , who has also been successful at the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys went on to do a surgery called the I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery that they had millions upon .
They &apos;re both hanging out .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the Swiss bank account , including Jain , and in that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crashes generate a lot of money .
And that means that online criminals can allow themselves to invest in the future .
We know that online crashes are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code and have backup systems with SQL databases .
And they can let us see how we work — how the protection people work — and try to get rid of any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They &apos;re going from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving something free to all the cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t get us to this point can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen fence .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file in which it &apos;s stacked .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this image file on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and run the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the front of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just need to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right at the bottom here , you can see an online address : UNionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which the program is going to take your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is there , under all description , as if there &apos;s something written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I was trying to figure out what he meant .
So I honored him .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few rooms in the lab , and one of them thinks that the head is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sanchez Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on the phone number and cars number , on things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Sanck Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian man who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a few years , who has his private website , and he &apos;s leading his network to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and more than 400 pounds of wire .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good car for a 20-year-old kid from Sanchez Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he took pictures of that event in his network — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he went to .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online criminals are over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cyberbullying boxes , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find cyberbullying , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t overcome them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But everything changes pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they cracked .
This is Siemens &apos; 60s and 400 PLC coding for logical management .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
The PLC , the little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , the keyboard that &apos;s programmed , gets placed in its place and does its job .
For example , the liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet acquired one , there &apos;s a massive revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work even though computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating cards , about things that really matter .
Now I said to you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t treat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cyberbullying .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cyberbullying , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement , looking for broadcast cybercrime groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programming and fire hydrants .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find the people with the pieces , but without the possibility , and give them the opportunity to use their contributions for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend of mine and I were on the road from Province , Rod Ailand , to the state of Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have a job , so we &apos;re traveling the highway through national parks and national forests — literally the longest road we could ever have .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I went to my friend and asked a question that had covered me for the last 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see on the road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally communicates her face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just staring at me for a few moments and then she &apos;s going to laugh because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about things like this — why do we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how do we behave when things like this happen , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it in abstract terms .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But as it moves towards me right now , to all of my rich beliefs here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this granular misunderstanding of this abstract misconception is devoid of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we have time to stay with the family ; we go into the choices and we vote for the time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our journey through life , obsessed with this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a community .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get out of that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative veil that you can do .
So why are we fighting this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re lying .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m going to run down , I don &apos;t love — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is the feeling of realizing it &apos;s wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be confusing , it could be confusing , in fact , it could be funny , like my cheek is wrong with the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , he &apos;s never worried .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon characterized by a volunteer foot running over and never fulfilling the bird &apos;s race ?
Almost in every movie theater , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the track , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But what you need is the legs to run after it from the spring .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we make mistakes about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that legs after he leaves the skin , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the roof .
So , in fact , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the wrong eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the page of the test , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a manuscript .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A cute little kid , a security guest , someone who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are expensive , irresponsible , and second of all , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think , especially a lot of us in this room — have to deal with it simply as the ideals of the few decades , the perfect , the masters .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-sea subjects .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , then we &apos;re terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is at Harvard University Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and joins the operator .
She gets dressed , the surgeons do their job — they get confused and put her in a surgical bank .
It looks like everything was fine .
She looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health visits in Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story is the essence of the story that overwhelming the belief that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The middle feeling of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we &apos;re finally adding things like sailing 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
What that means is that you think your beliefs are just ultimately revealing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of our people share reality in a similar way , with some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we pass this information on to them , they will come out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right elements , but too stupid to make them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who don &apos;t agree with us know the same facts and are quite smart , we go to Camp Three : they know the truth , and they silence it for their own purposes .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our rights allows us to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us act compassionately to each other .
But what &apos;s most striking to me , and most tragic to me , is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and define the opening world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The bottom line is you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see it , and that &apos;s the same .
And yes , that &apos;s also why we &apos;re wrong .
In 1200 , until Doctor said a very famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am , &quot; in St. Augustine , he sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Kill , I &apos;m called . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all the other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and excess .
In recent years , for a few reasons , I &apos;ve been involved with a lot of public radio exposure to this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these storytelling boxes were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
And then the most obvious mistake happened .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had a chance to ask this conductor Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In addition , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the time , we laugh that every single one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that closed theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen on one , and something else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; said Ira Glass , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories appear convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , are missing .
We like things like constant screenshots , false positives and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction unleashing people and include democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life until he was too old and through the illness and he could transmit his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school love , go back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about the thing that everybody was missing , the audience that never came .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible narrative of the world around us , and then the world unfolds around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all of this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half of the things that have been most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket buyer , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , are fantastic new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a miracle outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the Jewish wildlife leader .
Fortunately , these plans were being banned by an FTB driver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
Eventually , they were brought over by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting to each other , understanding that in life we want those same things don &apos;t last long .
A few months ago , he introduced me and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my brown hole added a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and particularly to me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , like that son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that I had the same intention that my father had .
These people ended up moving a 300-pound load of trash and leaving it at a lower level parking lot , at the heart of the global brand in the North Pole , creating a burning , slashing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I made .
The people that I call emancipation , that is the box .
Every time I was in the classroom at a new face , I would often challenge the experience .
I was raised to judge people with unprecedented criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was the choices of the president in the 21st century .
The focus of my group was on the struggle between my youth because I was a big fan of life , and it was a very emotional topic to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day , at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and frankly , I felt embarrassed by going through a barrier that was defined most of my life as being untouched .
The other major step in the opening was when I found a summer job at Bus Garden .
There I was showing all the people of all faith and culture , and this experience was the foundation of my longest quality education .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
I was given an opportunity to work on shows with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other sufferings , and I find it uncomfortable with good people &apos;s behavior not the way I would like to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that had been taught as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Lord of God . &quot; &quot; Next , Jon Stewart invited me to be open to my own fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I absolutely needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the word comedian has made me a greater positive influence than my extremist father has made me a bridge .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my worldview , and she said what I would hold by my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it takes to keep the unseen in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somehow someone had to use pain , someone had heard my story and realized that there was a better way , and somehow I was involved in this violent , irresistible ideology , I was not allowed to have fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk to you about these feelings of my father , and I &apos;m going to diminish my activities .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that poverty is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pocket , I realized I had no rocks .
In fact , I could see them through the window at the dining room table where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried other doors and windows , and they were all fine .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early screen in Europe in the morning , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I fell down , I found a big rock , and I pulled out a corridor window , and I took out a glass ceiling , and I crossed the inside , and I found a piece of cardboard , and with the stick moving , I opened it up , thinking , in the morning , I would get up to the air conditioning , I would call the teacher to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I figured , under the circumstances , it would look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortical artery that affects heart failure , it changes adrenaline levels and makes it more difficult to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the air handling , I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
That &apos;s what I got out of my house in the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back to the air strike , and I prayed , but they had already given my place to someone else , so I went back to the airplane &apos;s captain next to the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t come back , eight hours in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , design systems that protect you against such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of a disaster is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my thoughts didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , the Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was growing up , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist , Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , called the pre-temporary disaster study .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk to you about a few things that you can do as a previous study .
Some of them are transparent , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house where things are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science about how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find fish , the bathroom of the hippocampus , where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
That &apos;s the part that enables the winners to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , someone had actually done an experiment where they had to swim the smell perfectly , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly engineered brain to find things .
But it only works really well with things that are not moving at all , and not very well for moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the rocks of the machine , or the eyes of reading and receiving .
So take your place at home — a cable at the door , maybe a decorative cube .
The world is a certain table .
The students are the table .
If you cut the space out and you really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when your brain is stressed out , your brain is blocked .
The Korean is boring , it makes it difficult to think .
So part of the pre-frontal analysis of unhappiness is understanding that , under stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than going into medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all end up in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about treating your loved one or helping them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial or social decisions — to any decision that overestimate rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab findings , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you &apos;re thinking , well , the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your statine . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about statins , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe even knowing something that &apos;s consuming them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take medication or have surgery or other treatments to get one cure .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything about it and yellow , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs do only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to mainly leave to the author , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to consume it to own it ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take the drugs for years to close the road to one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask the other one , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the food ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And there &apos;s frightening things among them : the next pain of muscles and necks and crab and needle making — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this is going to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people use drugs . One , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a cure than to get you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to wear a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but in fact it &apos;s quite a typical number to keep .
The vast majority of surgeries , for men over 50 years , reaching prostate cancer , required to stay 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries left by one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , the lack of erection , the lack of secrecy , the regular destruction , will see disability .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should stop us from having a conversation start .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one that can get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the implication of the event , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need the upsuck system or the liver system or the immune system , because if the body of those particles fluctuates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , the liver can last longer , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s being stressed out in the window is a rational , logical thought , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues demonstrated .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing green , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Back on that Saturday night , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a master &apos;s deposit on the side of my door , covering the front door , easily remembering the code .
I have to admit , I still have a chicken that I didn &apos;t wear and a chicken email that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the United States hired a big object in an unprecedented position .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history into space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current wire installed in the front , which is two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scholar at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
In ancient times , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbus had the pleasure to invent new land .
Now we have the pleasure to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to protect our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik and how he painted America .
After the Sputnik launch , Sputnik created all of this wealth .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , gave advice and advice that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our enemies were influencing us in science and technology , and that they can now encourage us to drop a water bomb into Sputnik &apos;s rocket .
And then the whole summit started .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest U.S. crashes , compared to Perl Harbor and April 11 .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
And he looked at his guns .
It &apos;s a competition for space warming .
In Congress , in one year , guns have grown very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was far more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation effort , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities showed up underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes , though .
For instance , some of you here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , science , and in education , the rate has gone up dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to the creation of the Internet , creating the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows us how we can change the seemingly insufficient situation to the benefit of Americans in general .
Sputnik &apos;s going to be released very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank you to one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED conference .
The third environment is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they were going to go to war whales .
These things were discovered in machine guns in my country of birth , and even when we talked to the experts , the bodies were reinvented by machine guns , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever invented .
During the four major conflicts that took place in Bosnia during the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to be dead , and 100,000 were killed in cardiovascular operations .
The International Committee of the Common Era revealed several fears of the crime of humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and , ultimately , the same idea that they would ever have existed , namely .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human nature .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be cases of death that are more tangible than their bodies or our easily melting memories .
Our goal is that no body should be recognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the cancer has carried with it to the execution center , they are highly selected , analyzed , tapped into the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like the CSI you see .
Except , these things are used as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the prisoners &apos; offices of war .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out who these things belonged to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an extraordinarily complex , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of them are hardened or are merely salvaged by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object in order to create a visual archive that could easily detect the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photographs will survive as permanent , innocent and targeted memories of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things guarantee that we understand a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was approaching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the exercise I had to do — take photos every month every day .
I would never have been so busy .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of joy .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called Listening .
The audience sort of walks into the room , and instantly these posters appear on the wall .
In a few seconds , as if the viewer is watching her , she seems to be breaking down and she &apos;s stopping in a cold symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one being to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 19th century , altars and others , about 100 years old , the Middle Ages abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is the A4 shape .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach for a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel kind of turns into a viewer into a space , and it becomes lovely and self-loving until they feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite obvious that the boxes themselves are so highly held to determine the rules that they , sort of , match the viewer &apos;s video .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page attached to the remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a sheet of paper , which is pulled from either end of the pair of two small hands , and it was pulled off by an infinite amount of attention and attention from a tiny slice of medium .
The audience also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and they can &apos;t .
So this instability , we &apos;re moving very reminiscent of the instability of video with our hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through the hidden camera , and the other is through the camera .
And you can immediately see how the unstable shape of the image is interfering with the viewer and the subjective .
So we just removed the camera , and we broke the movement to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video .
You have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to disrupt the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a smaller person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of comparing it to the amount of cold that you have to do in this audience , and very delicately presenting this piece of paper with the observer in front of you .
The next job is Masali .
It &apos;s a photon model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and very high as an antenna — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks past , it sort of runs from one side to the other and moves his arm more and more vulnerable as the person gets touched .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of itself in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get the person &apos;s attention , he doesn &apos;t care , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of Masla .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of distance , with our own reflection .
And so for us , it &apos;s a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape made by the size of the audience to see the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this size , and the audience sort of takes the full view of me .
There are 996 little characters in the audience .
They learn to spread mechanically by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to pay as hard and as long as they want to be done around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the audience is in front of the audience , the answer is yes .
It can be a few clutches or a few holes , and then nothing happens until the viewer leaves the stage when the audience replies again .
It can be anything from a few weak ends of the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object itself or an organism that also has its own musical sense as a instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or structures of sound , but they can &apos;t tell the audience that they &apos;re acting correctly .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and a sense of urgency and unity .
It also has shadows and sticks .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy about the head of the image being shared in two hands .
Here &apos;s a short animation , like two brainstorms connect to each other to find the meaning of doubt and excitement .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t question when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Book .
It comes from the idea of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same language of the window to create a pattern or a network that appears in a room and is visible from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little characters on this network .
They &apos;re also made out of three different sizes , like you would expand a particular perspective or a cliff in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and in the first direction , and hidden behind two degrees .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characteristics and other rubber bands , as if the lander had physically configured to travel through it .
We love the idea that these characters dance around as if they &apos;re obsolete and they don &apos;t have any interest , as if they &apos;re obsolete and contented , as long as they &apos;re perceived to move from view to frame .
So we have a selfish contradiction to this project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grid grid , which is kind of like prison , but also retaliation , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and worried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life practices that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the pathways from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head and back movement .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough that later on in harder days you would expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back , and in the back , I &apos;m going to turn on the very top , like a board behind a cliff .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the biggest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
And one morning , I finished , having three days to finish , and no one word left . The only thing I could think of : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do that — I walked through a city of students , I slowed down like a movie , and wrote down until the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today , I am a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found a MRT scan lab that would detect my brain and indeed visualize it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious mind .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-making Prime Minister decided to do something productive , but the Big Bang doesn &apos;t like that , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no room for any serious work in the workplace .
The left of the Malonymous Beijing is not the one to solve everything .
She &apos;s alive right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Beijing people are just one more animal species .
You need to be able to smile , to count and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a culture , and the Beijing doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are the next living creator — the Rational Society of Division — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what &apos;s best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take things that are fun and easy to do , like waiting for dinner or wandering around in the bed , or to enjoy the broken pool .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the Tamil game .
This is where freedom happens when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t happen .
When the Beijing Progress is running , the question is , how do the retailers fundamentally end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of pleasant place where important things happen ?
It turns out the lander has a coal mine , which , from the top , looks at it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one who fears the Beijing .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream of being presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to join and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to understand India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When six months went into four , then — two , and after that — one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web on , and I saw my face , related to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts going off , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panikon Monster touches her — oh my God , it &apos;s gone !
And ultimately , the rational decision maker can take a leap of faith , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unintelligible behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a magic career , it doesn &apos;t appear all night and it &apos;s written eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction surprised me .
People were fascinated and written about how diarrhea affected their lives , how the Beijing influenced their lives .
Why do people get in such trouble ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term attention is less about attention , less about it than about laughing , shorter recovery with terms .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a tremendous amount of dissatisfaction and resilience .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focusing on a particular project .
This persistent disclosure made them into their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no doers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all athletes .
Maybe you &apos;re not as bad as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that much , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the chicken .
I think you need to look carefully at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re actually paying attention to because we &apos;re paying attention to everything in life .
We should not forget the Big Bang .
That &apos;s the job of all of us .
And because windows are not that much , that &apos;s the job that we have to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this man , Capiton William Senison , who was convicted recently in the House of Representatives , October 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a communication , paved the way to the emergency room .
What &apos;s amazing is that that that day , through the accident of anger , one of the tree evacuation physicians in the country had turned on a GoPro camera and caught this event .
In the front , you can see Captain Senison bringing a cold warrior to his cave .
So I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why wasn &apos;t there people around me that I was doing this ?
On the vertical axis , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all the opposite , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they &apos;re serving to the military .
Those better people are willing to connect with others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the waste of our life .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in the field where we feel a part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction emerged — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
It means that at night , I can step up and believe that something from a gentleman is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to overcome your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only thing to change is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important , because tone creates leadership .
I was on a plane , and I was on a journey , and I became an intro pillar : The journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device treating him like a passenger , like a passenger .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early on .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , words in words .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or I can &apos;t get a job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
You don &apos;t need your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we have to take time and power away from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people the opportunities , educate , discipline , whenever they need , enhance their self-confidence , the ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company in New York . So this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody &apos;s doing that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released from the wrong reasons .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and so anxious to the leaders of those banks that are giving inproportionate equations and prizes .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They raised the incentives for social connection .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motor Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t give a damn .
They name numbers .
They &apos;re worth the number of babies per capita .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company vastly influenced the recession and lost 30 percent of its assignments overnight .
In a large manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the government would ask for free questions .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employer heart , and heart numbers are much harder to reduce .
And he decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the manager , were asked to leave four weeks of unpaid leave .
Athropologists could choose whenever they were , and not necessarily all in four weeks .
He said that it was better for all of us to cheat just by a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way , he threatened the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we don &apos;t get people like that .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several warriors who were in the war zone , and as the warrior was accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let the first people know , and they stop eating the food that they had provided by foragers .
And when they returned to the field , one of his people brought some food to him to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they make sure that only their people are safe and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we get the natural responses — our people laugh at us .
They give their blood , their hands and their shoes to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you open your blood , your clothing and your skirts for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Part of my education has been about how I helped her work in remote , rural areas .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand the life beyond the city &apos;s limits , the life of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained to me in the Kipling manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that misses the mountains .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born worldwide has some heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
The animals have to live inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It involves contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these blobs is dramatically increasing with the altitude .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Maltese stood up in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow in the sky was a green shock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leather for our first invention .
The hearts of children can be dealt with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
Maybe you don &apos;t think that &apos;s possible , but it was the first successful attempt at creating the impact on these huge problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings rhythm to the heart .
And one of them makes a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and alive studies , it took thousands of hours of work in the lab .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we began to take patients .
After treatment with our own mind , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different , because the coal in between the arteries is bigger .
Most patients can &apos;t be healthy for the time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We went back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
In the years , local women used to tell stories by writing complicated stories with glasses and unexpected furniture to help us with new tools .
We &apos;ve used this traditional auditory approach , and we &apos;ve created a design made out of very strong materials that records shape .
It seems right now that the audience is empowering us to create a rotting device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to evaporate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device expands , resists to the supply chain and makes a living .
We have this beautiful facility that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we &apos;re fighting diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they do .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , this process takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the existing patients are part of our team , the team , because of intimate interactions with patients who work with us .
And together we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of mistakes .
We receive the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly discover power , and their friendships inspire creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for achievement or access .
So we need to start the foundation with a one-by-one model .
We give one tool at a time so we can make sure that every child survives .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one impossible idea , and we spread it , really : no child will be killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Motta .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather ; growing up in such complicated conditions as when I was 17 , I was in the middle of a couple of friends &apos; lives , and we were in the sun .
The sun is coming up very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one &apos;s going to kill something you can put on the skin and you don &apos;t have to paint it on the skin ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; And I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for those diseases is called a trachoma .
It &apos;s thought to be the infection in the eye when the eye is shut down , some of the infections that are present can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that preventing severe infections requires swimming face : no drugs , no pill or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusting mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop than a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trusting Internet cafe for 20 pounds per hour — I looked at Wikipedia and Google
that looked like something out of the KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , by the way , I was the youngest man who took the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I don &apos;t need to add much more . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) The world &apos;s first ever attempted to change
You climb onto the skin and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) First of all , I tried to make a product in school , and then I had very little resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can introduce to the markets , and I have this product and I can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy lots of products .
They go through when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the replacement cycles , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into little innovative transformations .
It goes through the middle and prints .
The funny thing is that one out of every turn represents a five-year delay .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DriBath from craftsmen . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can harvest 80 million liters of water every time you take a bath , you can also harvest two hours a day for children from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours at home , two hours a day for a normal child .
When we saw that kind of universal advantage , we confused our definition of the key functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s advice , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , and with the help of an international community we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t earn .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to ever get this approval , and the strangest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and later I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and saw several patients .
I was surprised for two things last month .
I asked myself , are we going to spend this time mining , or are we not forgetting patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have a health issue .
It &apos;s done a lot of national budgets .
And many reforms are aiming to reduce that growth rate .
In others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of governments .
The most expensive health care solutions are actually made .
You choose a lab test , you choose to have an old , weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs of the physician , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are silent .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize healthcare systems ?
And we got a little bit bored , and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re aiming to improve the patient &apos;s behavior , and we need to do that with very little resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the result of the treatment of patients with our cash given .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my neighbor covered in three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in our research was the trajectory that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in the country , you can find extraordinarily well , but the worst numbers are far larger .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can go to Germany , making a promising health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he &apos;s going to have a hip replacement is about 50 percent , so he should start using a nurse again .
It &apos;s like doing a lot . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead , he &apos;d go to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , there would be only five percent risk .
So either a year or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
Looking at a number of different conditions in different conditions , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s interview and were talking about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operation manager is different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody certainly knew it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ?
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
Over many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists get together , the guardians who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Tremendous improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part of the joke .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you think about the effect of price on equality , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who aspire to quality have experienced at the same time the least expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a few years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the prevalence rate is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements , and it would raise its quality to the OECD average , it would save the United States 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say these numbers are incredible , but although it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is they care what they do when they look at the quality they give to the patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like other knowledge .
If a cardiologist calls up the next cardiologist working in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can watch and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , the BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the World Consortium on Health Metrics .
We &apos;re bringing in one area the best doctors and patients to date , illnesses that are really qualitative , what we need to count and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working for the last few years : cataracts , cold pain , polio , heart disease , prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show their kids this list .
This is the first time that we compare data , not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest medical center in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in class with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important bonuses ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the church stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand from the beginning — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care costs are not only costing , but also the results that we see in patients , we can make a personal in hospitals and elsewhere health care system not a problem , but a key part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that a modern-day medical advocate , Greek Hippocratic , whose patient was always the most important , wasting their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are most exciting about the success of companies , what are the effects that are really important for companies to succeed in .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you have a group of people with the right outcomes and you put them into a starting company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so jealous ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , to avoid some of my feelings , and perhaps the wrong beliefs that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school I was selling solar panels on a bus stop , when I was in high school I was doing solar power plants at the university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who was effectively involved in business success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the experience , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I would quote a writer by Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets in his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right and business .
The mastery of the team most exhibits the ability to adapt to pain on the face of the client .
The patient is real .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , like the revenue of a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down , that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Would you start , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve checked 100 top companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First , these Idealab companies , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoGoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — have reached a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of hope from them , but we didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to replicate all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses were doing in every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal abundance companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I was trying to look at the things that were most successful and failure in these companies , and the results were startling me .
Section one was time .
Time was important for 42 percent calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company appeared only in the recession agency , when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own choices to take out their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Soldiers were looking for additional money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but the time was really important .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the stuff online , you had to add code to the store and do other things , and the company finally got involved in business in 2003 .
Every two years after the problem of coding was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the number of codes on a spreadsheet increased 50 percent , in America , the same time that YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that the experience is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time on clients is , are they ready for what you offer them ?
I hope that these will help you reach the highest ranks of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re great listeners .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , going to college campuses .
I was feeling very unhappy , unhappy and resented , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the passion that I felt inside .
I left the seminar when it all started , and I drew on my own , I drew on my own , and just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard this voice , it said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , slim and even , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed it reflected my hidden emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , so the voice was concerned .
After a while , heavy conversation started to sound like normal people were not hearing voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctor .
And then I got interested in it , and I talked to him about some strange comment .
For example , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to the university district , and in one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
Since that moment , I &apos;ve been focused on a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , I was given a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was given a terrible sense of pride , a sense of awareness and a sense of urgency for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as the experience , but as the symptoms , my fear and desire to respond increased .
And then I was basically struck by the aggression of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices were kind of loud and funny .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of obesity , of uncertainty and of ignorance , and it was a struggle in which I felt safe , not able to find any target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had a whole wheelchair repertoire : speaking voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable events .
Now , remembering those ugly years of contemplation seems like something had died , but at the same time something was saved .
The element began to deceive and deceive the person , but the person who made it out of it was the enemy and ended up being the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have scared me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to elicit all the good , sensitive people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to go out of that sacred , singular place .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essential first step to learn how to separate metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word before .
For instance , the voices that rose to burst my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it seemed like to be a real voice melting .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
I finally got my hands on it . Every piece had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the drugs , and I went back to the psychiatric field , but on the other side .
I &apos;m now proud to be part of the International Hearing Vices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like the strategy of survival , the health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than the cutting and the symptoms of schizophrenia that need to go on , and it &apos;s a
That society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
You cannot deny the person who is impaired .
You can &apos;t get people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of listening in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to reduce the sense of urgency and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , given the artistic experience of treating yourself and being able to use that intellectual property .
In this respect , the members of society are not greater the honor or or of the privilege of helping other peoples &apos; processes , being blinded and slaughtered , sharing the soul and giving hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides inside us can never be touched , excluded and accepted .
The light never goes off .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because , of course , these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography caused me to set up my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you drop a magnet .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you take a magnet .
These are pictures like this : travel work is about a load of movement .
But there is an unbelief .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , this is not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Is it something about the details or the colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , in which different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great physical objects imaginable that we can relate to the Third World .
But to connect in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to the existence of it .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illegal .
I see the same and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a distribution of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of as what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in other words , photographs just look kind of awful .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the real result .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Second rule : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
so you couldn &apos;t tell me how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors , contrasts and light in boxes and separate images , using photoreceptors as a glue , mixing the color and the cloud , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your own ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
As I thought about this idea over time , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
The roots are from different places .
The botanical portion is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look silly .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is planning .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we mixed , mixed together , image .
And every part here is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right thing to do , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama shattered the secret sauce , the golden world .
Once upon a time , we had a voice .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six commercial companies that make two billion U.S. dollars connected to President William Death Pain and his childhood friend , a supercriminal .
There are more recent topics that are concerned about waiting for new stories to happen in one more documentary .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money to office and not to pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , travel sustainability .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this open default title .
The media and political leaders matter how the optical space can be used to steal their slow , and we &apos;ve been talking about it for decades .
I think a lot of the open-source world fails to understand how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s hiding behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding in slow mothers .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , or in Western countries or in Nevada , we would see more connections with Americans .
The privilege in America enables caregivers to spread their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to emphasize that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for disposal of the students .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So what you want is the experience of Panama , given us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to turn around and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the transparency that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , John .
It &apos;s estimated that your child , Wikipedia , over the past few years , has been going through more hidden documents than there are to put together the world .
Could it be ?
Juan Asanga : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so often , that a group of activists are able to gather more information in that way than the rest of the world is writing together .
CA : What &apos;s going on ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure the security of the source ?
JS : You can say these people are classic input recipients of information . There &apos;s no way they can deliver information to us .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art cleaning approaches to get the materials on the Internet , without leaving tracks , while information is being brought into countries like Sweden and Belgium , Law , and getting legal protection .
We get information on the electronic path , whether it &apos;s simple or not , we check it out like a regular news agency , we give it a form — what to do in retrospectives is really hard , because language is about the overload of massive amounts of information and the deficit of ourselves from unavoidable legal and political populations .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we do know that at some point in time , it &apos;s as hard as we can measure information as soon as we can .
( Phone shouting ) Anyway .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out there right now . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s reply .
It was the secret sauce that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , led by Daniel and Mi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and with one more attack , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it in front of Mi , which was — and only the richest person in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , before we had the election , of national selection , of the 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — and so this report to President Kibaki became an incredible hero .
CA : So in summary , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not by the official media , but by the way . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JA : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And within a few days , it could have been heavily detected and the print of Kenya .
This news on Kenyan television broadcast 20 Westerners , and , by the way , the census data in Kenya , 10 percent has changed the poll results and they have won the election return .
CA : It turns out that your search engine is fundamentally changing the world .
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Anderson : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , a video of the airport in Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not separate from the sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody is picking up .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Awesome .
Tell me when you see them . Have sex .
Excuse all of them .
First , fire !
( Crackling ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Crackling )
The button — Bushmaster D-six , Bushmaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
All right , we &apos;ve just won eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; growth &#93; , and we &apos;re still buying .
I got it . I see it .
D-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After crazy , Kyle . All right , Ha , ha . I touched them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : Well , the response to those who did that was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first attacks that took place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JA : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a global appeal .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JA : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of calibration , looking for wisdom to protect and kill the people who save the damn things .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning of the United States confirming that he had made the video that he gave you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JA : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive 150,000 cups of tea and 50 cups of tea .
We &apos;re at the beginning of this year at the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavík , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this embassy I was a common athlete .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JA : We would be looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the violations of human rights in those countries .
Looking at these hidden frames , this is what you get .
CA : So let &apos;s talk about that a little bit further .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be transmitted .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have the resources and the resources to put in place is a good signal , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , that organizations that provide that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole of society that information is actually able to produce unprecedented consequences ?
JA : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I want to say that the politics of immunization are violent .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized , that could be customized .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data , it &apos;s located secrecy , but our sources that provide information have to really do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you wanted to find out about those unintelligible motions .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JA : Yes , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way people think and understand things , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to release the secrets of others , you yourself secretly hold your information sources ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources that are displaced in other sources .
If we did that , it would be a bad situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing what you &apos;re hearing from the TED audience .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the grandmother , the grandmother , bringing light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding his head ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
K. Anderson : This is an understandable audience , Johannes , understandable .
We should give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the interesting thing , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JA : This is the illustration of our work , the everyday activity .
At the end of last year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil fields , much like in the Middle East , not that big .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of events , where it was written that conservation workers from some competing , various oil companies sprayed the building blocks .
That battle was taken , and part of the government of Albania was taken over .
The engineering responses at the top were no explaining information , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what was writing it , although we understood what was going on .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is achieving for itself .
So we put the document in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what to do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it , and this week , we got a letter from a community that said , &quot; &quot; To find the source of the documents . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , there were editors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , right — we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information out of your GDP ?
JA : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now there is intense search and technical jobs going on .
And so our numbers in the last few months have come down , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these systems .
The problem of pay transparency .
Like any initial organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that goes into the crowd itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what defines the opportunity — is there a lack of work that journalists want to do , or is there a lack of alpha journalists ?
JA : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and it &apos;s driving our material behavior , and we need to restructure that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To make sense of you , let me tell you how you got there .
I said you had to teach at 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JA : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they secreted from the section , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists will tell you that this is a recipe for how to get fired .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; and quite young adventurers into the court .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an activist journalist all the time .
I led a magazine that I was following as a young man .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly tailored by Russian mafia , wanting to get rid of your old bank accounts .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving someone &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your main value ?
Can we set them up , maybe tell us what kind of event they &apos;ve made ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that question .
But critical values like this — intelligent , wealthy people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about growth .
This understanding was left by my father and by other brilliant , brilliant people I meet in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd very much , but in a sense — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — that &apos;s to give the viewer the right crimes .
It &apos;s a burden that for me was a very long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something assertive , along with the bank accounts , was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve transformed your position .
This gave you a great public humiliation in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
In the banking sector , the GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we published a report .
And the national television station has been used for five minutes before the transmission , and as a movie , it knows about friendship , and the readers are always watching , &quot; Never have been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was broadcast , and in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this would never happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law specialists , we created a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to be in a certain sense an official freedom enforcement , and it was mostly preserved by journalists , a new Nobel Prize for freedom of speech
Iceland is the northern country , so , like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these courts were uniquely accepted by the Islamic State .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Joanna .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or is it Big Brother more serious control , will it be more transparency , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling on both sides ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech in order to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the task of one or the other direction can reduce the very small motions , in our power , one or the other direction .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to take you back to the audience , Johannes , to be fresh , and let &apos;s make you strong .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Just a day .
My name is Odysseus .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , ironies and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , contemporary meaning to me , talking about the Russian issues involving people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he carries this violent threshold , wanting not to be separated by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Sanck Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He &apos;s blinking his emotion , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not expensive to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Black .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : the irony , the Greek person , comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to go .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I don &apos;t have the hope to leave .
And so you see me with the head of the Mexican warrior , with the weapons in my armor , with the bullets in my pocket .
But remember , the irony is the key , and I do it by trying to motivate girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be lazy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve into community and nurtured creatures .
And indeed , the implication of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I &apos;m trying to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making a reality that &apos;s more like a game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had wind turbines .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine empirical success and then giving people tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a network , sustainability , vision and looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of people .
Nonsense women .
I have experienced in my own backyard what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I received a postcard .
And I would hit the table , and I would hit the girl , and the right eye would turn .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was graduating from college with physicians , with scientists , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , male-pattern males have been equal to male-pattern disease .
I recently had dinner with a man who was consuming that the night before , four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been sleeping for five , dinner would have been more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to celebrate the tennis , I &apos;m going to have several calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it falls to the Titanic .
And our titans have already gone too far .
In fact , it seems to me that if my brother Lehman had been a brother and sister in Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t have been broken .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be left with a very bold and connected pair , maybe a sister would have noticed the glacier , because it would have been washed after 7.5 or eight hours of sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to step back and find the great ideas that are hiding in us , to connect closets and find the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The story is that imagination has to be very serious .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a network of hunting , ages used for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were displaced .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I made it to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my pictures weren &apos;t published .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for the creation of a large skull , it was too difficult and too fragile .
I walked up to the edge , and I watched as dogs sniffing my nets into beds .
Every day I would see it , but I once looked at it improbable — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first experiencing sculpture was designed to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; SafeMart . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And we immediately replaced the sculpture .
I found her bright surfaces repeating with every wind in my face constantly changing her wrist .
That made me hypnotize .
I carried on studying traditional views , and I worked with visitors , later on in Lithuania and in the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become the ones that could make a difference .
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hands of crap , and the culture was built in Madrid for a short period of time .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing custom design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , like the opposite of particularly fruit and vegetables .
Two years ago , I was looking for plants that would hold ultraviolet bricks , frogs , air , heat , and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the spectrum .
So we &apos;ve launched this 4,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move with the wind and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was static and moving .
I found great airplane engineers designing the burn of burning U.S. Division , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the double challenge , to achieve the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hands to clean the wounds .
So I collaborated with the industrial landscape factory , and I learned about their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could translate that unique ancestor to regular car operators to produce this .
So we had to create a washing machine ourselves .
Three years after the birth of two children , we emitted 50,000 sq. ft , a net broken .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and undiscovered by no cheap author .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I was watching the wind excavate into choreography , and I felt like I had a consolation raised , and I also found a connection with the sharp sky ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these sculptural oil spaces for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic tour of the city of Philadelphia : its roadblock , I felt , was needed to make it easier than a web sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a drinking mill that could be formed by wind , and in the experiments it explained , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this without destroying it .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-rays of the urban transportation system .
Another challenge : Conventional wisdom of culture and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , conducted in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine the weight of a suitcase 35-Western soul and their community in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the dove floating across the Pacific .
He cleaned up the tectonic plates of the Earth , reported the eruption of the planet , and , by and large , shrunk the Earth day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked them if they would share the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which means the microseconds that we have on the Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature , turned it into a tiny , tiny , tiny network of material , 15 times tougher than the pendulum .
This sculpture was already totally thought , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them by looking at Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line .
New ways of thinking allow me to create and build sculptures that look like skins .
While they haven &apos;t financed yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of turning the lights into many cities in the world where they &apos;re needed the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech technologies and engineering to create some attractive structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
I had a friend call from Phoenix City .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never enforced a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced me to go under this sculpture .
With the costumes stuck on the floor , there were wind turbines pointing next to strangers shouting out the miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separate from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t doubt . )
Information characteristics are collected at the same time through all of our senses , and it creates a wide variety of images about what this current moment looks like , what it wants , what it knows , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
