By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty easy idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technologist journalist , who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an introduction .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the network .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally unleashed from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archives may have been written better and more caring coordinates than many , but in fact , all of us today are
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million &quot; &quot; black &quot; &quot; is released every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think about your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of a house or a grandmother who lives in a box right now .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the cloud of time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce a couple of incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are designed for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media survey after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , discovered me afterwards when I was signing up in a restaurant in New York City .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Miracle : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifidia , even if you don &apos;t .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared am I ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The other one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines are able to understand people &apos;s language and to process massive amounts of data improves , analyzing somebody &apos;s life wealth will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; photos , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large quantities of data .
And I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the kind of content that we create and the technologies can do this in a meaningful way .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another clip called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions of what you might say in your next news .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be comic .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical capabilities get better .
And to go even further , the MIT Media Lab is operating on robots that communicate more like humans .
But what if these robots could combine with a unique characteristic of a particular human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN had just passed away at will.i.am. — hip hop &apos;s hologram in my study specifically interviewed Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our space — bringing them together very similarly as in life , through all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them together exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s the way it will be , the definitions of life , and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career trauma — I call them retirees .
These are people who have done extensive career work to care for their elderly , their children , their personal interests , or their personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : soldiers , soldiers , soldiers , pensioners , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because of the loss of interaction between workers and restaurants .
Workers by remembering people see the flaws in their lives as a great risk , and the person doing a career path can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this issue of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about brothers coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the University of California , and she goes back to work in a community service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the location of &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; dedicated to the people who tried to come back to the present , but confronted the difficulty .
Tracy wrote that there was a mother of five who loved being in the house , but after the session , she needed to go back to work , without actually wanting to go back to work , because she loved working .
Tracy did what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She has been looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she has spent the last nine months continuously examining companies online and running for jobs without any overall results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she had to leave home .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for a job and tell everyone that she knew she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a sunset of those that are ultimately beyond the possibility of work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , people you work with or you learn with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even if our sense of self as time goes down , what happens to most of us as we continue to resist our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they know nothing about it .
They just remind you of who you were , and it &apos;s a great confidence to come back and interact with these people and listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career &apos;s crossing .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get the job news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news pretty much when I was at home growing up with four small children .
So I was afraid that I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt that I knew what was going on in the business world .
I believe that restaurants are the empowerment of workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less consent or partnerships .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great job experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the skills of the workforce .
In addition , we have the energy and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
The other side of the tree , when I talk to the workers , there are two concerns that the workers have while the restaurants are .
First of all , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can say , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a state of existence .
I had been doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus 1 to 2 to 3 .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I needed to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers believe they &apos;re going to work by having the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the restaurants that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not until they were in a career break .
It &apos;s not a working job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the worker what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following a program since 2008 , and in 2010 I began to see the possibility of a short-term work-life education , whether you call it survival or not , but it was a remarkable kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; started a joint reintegration program .
I saw as an engineer coming back , a nonprofit reintegrated candidate , running the initial levels of surveillance program in the war , and then he got a job .
I saw two universities that were involved in a middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s in the front page of the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Forty Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration that you see the 40th anniversary of college graders .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they named the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monks . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated rating agenda for financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people participating .
These institutions are trained , and the people who go to the border location get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegrated surveillance programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative with Women &apos;s Progress .
Why are companies choosing reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to focus on the real world examples , to have negotiations , and employees don &apos;t have to make the decision to work until the institution is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by recommendations , and they attract great leaders who become great soldiers .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing restaurants .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for the recorders , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one worker told me that their return to work was to support their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up with a project called Tracy , and that was the bureaucracy in the financial column .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would work for something more , but she couldn &apos;t do anything .
It was September 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the offices were closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marvelous and hope for the best .
Well , she covered all their challenges , and the company not only offered her a happy job at the beginning of 2012 , but it made him more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
Three years of work was a trial , almost as a trial , and it ended up on the front , both Tracy and its employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the idea of how much more people work .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career breakthrough , don &apos;t offer a job of surveillance or surveillance to a broker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Find the first story of their success , and you can become an example of someone else &apos;s success .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I &apos;m now working in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to put serious view of the environment using ...
Using my crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow out .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just play it — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , it &apos;s heavy and it &apos;s heavy , you can make a hint .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of relativity .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they come back and join us ?
It &apos;s a company that operates more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight of my projects involved with a Danish artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object of mine that I call &quot; &quot; Daddy &apos;s phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by the weird tool of my box that made me want to ask for someone to do it , as if I were the continuity of his body : turn on the lights or bring down the glass water , a set of cigarettes .
As I grew older , his mind grew stronger , and I began to look at this as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a good person in the Indian family .
And what disturbed me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He would lift his arms up and expect me to get a number behind him .
So as the answer and the gift of my board , I made &quot; &quot; Get the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that two people have to use it .
It &apos;s exactly how my unit uses the phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine for him that could send his sons and daughters around the world on his own .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pencil , print his elbow and print his elbow and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person &apos;s wrist , too .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And of course , the object had to be particularly difficult and ritualistic , like my box and I love it .
The next piece is the soundtrack instinct , which we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : we lay down the walls , and there are little plants behind them .
And once it &apos;s all around the event , they kind of sit back .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heels .
And from the smallest sound , they smell .
So we put these plates on three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little swimmers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of get out of the tent .
They hear things like humans or other creatures .
So for a long time they become resistant to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the trauma they don &apos;t respond to .
( Bells ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . Then you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying to make them live .
So each petty is a behavior , a psychology , a desire path , a personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards , I loved him very well .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but what we found was that people along the way became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a surveillance camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Susan , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see the processed video where the camera is turned into an invisible .
The sensor comes into the room . Go ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and moving it around .
This is a very early video that hasn &apos;t solved the problem yet , but it &apos;s immediately exploited .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s bounced into space , and then we monitor each wall .
And as soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as a group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shade . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , like a child &apos;s gun card or a sunset .
On the front , this object looked very strong and tense , and in between the sound , very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they were walking through the country , he was struggling to get up the wall .
And then eventually they got sick and tired .
( Laughter ) This is a piece of craftsmanship .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be thrown into a shell and his body would grow from it almost like a plant .
He waves around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If the boundaries were not there and the boundaries were very similar , it would have to climb up all the space .
And there are no vultures or lions .
Let me show you an example : People walked into the room , the object activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , to get up the stairs , to get up the stairs , and it seems to be coming out the window .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to defeat the willingness to look after him to help him save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does something about it .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked hard and hard , and actually most of our work is to deal with the mechanical , quantitative and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had built it so that he would turn around , he would have been devastated , but if he wasn &apos;t enough , he wouldn &apos;t have the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t have to be able to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s releasing the object .
Now he &apos;s getting sick , so he keeps getting sick .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object is changing itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly involved in , working with the aesthetics of steel , showing you halfway through the optical lens of different sketches of stars .
It looks like a night sky .
We developed all of this around the shape of the sphere of a sphere , folded in the back .
Our idea was to reverse something as warm , as remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a teddy bear , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;d better look at this shape as a butterfly and feel more like a curve in space , as if you looked through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Outffice . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , trying to approach you , enjoying you , growing up in a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts by keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — trying to preserve a secret or something .
We do a lot of our work with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we just look at some creature in our mind , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what an image it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the sales , all the sales , all the businesses , all the merchants .
And this is what happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to go into the history books a few hundred years later , and at this time , our generation will be thinking as a generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve struggled my whole career with these issues .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a three-inch disk , broken by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the cross-section of the landing site , and if you look closely , you can see it here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interests . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Ambien .
And Basit and Amjad are names for resistant riots .
In fact , there are still phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Bridge Alem Iqbal .
I got into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Bassem and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Achilles is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve come a long way .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I felt such a pleasure about this realization that both the Basin and Ambien computers were also stuck hundreds of times over viruses , totally unconnected over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we were used to seeing in the 1980s , and clearly in the 1990s , there was no problem .
Let me show you some examples of how they looked .
I &apos;ve left here a system that lets me run an old software on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually create some devices . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
So for example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundred , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you turn around , after your screen , men will walk .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were trapped by the virus at the time when the virus was generated by the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our lab , for example , to track movement in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that what we &apos;ve done is we &apos;ve just blocked the viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab lab systems over the Internet , we can actually see and build on real time an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found on the file , called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys cross laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows &apos; computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell those laptops — somebody else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
The keyboard will swoosh silently on your computer and record everything you write .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and moved to a deadline .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you join and you surround yourself in any online marketplace .
Because when you go to an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example of fairness that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power data , the security code and the name of the cards .
When you get access to the other person &apos;s credit card details , you can plug in to the Internet and you can buy whatever you want .
And that obviously is a problem .
We now have a sustainable market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cyberbullying .
So for example , how these guys can actually work out of their surgery , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the people who are looking for them .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his colleague , who has also been successful at the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These men had a surgery called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
They &apos;re both getting stuck now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. Air Force announced the account of the Swiss bank accounted for 14.9 million dollars in the bank account .
So online crashes generate a lot of money .
And that means that cyberattacks can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online harassment programmers , the test subjects themselves , test their code , and have relative systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how the protection people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , moves from one country to another when only a page tries to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They change from one country to another , from one jurisdiction to the other — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support the law globally when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving someone a free ticket to all the cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who have never been able to get us there can now .
So , did we go online and search for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old coding failure where it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to review this image failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take over your computer control and drop the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the front of the painting — and this is the actual code for the actual attack .
And that code was encoded , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was punctured by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually light it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is already wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right at the bottom here , you can see the Internet address : unionionizek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it actually sends that program and releases it .
And this is the hidden entry where the program is going to take your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , like someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made it up .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have some minds in the lab , and one of them thinks that the head is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the City of St. Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking for the contact of St. Petersburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s this Russian man who &apos;s been working online for a couple of years now , and he &apos;s got his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s pretty nice enough for a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
He actually fell into the airport .
St. Peterborg &apos;s center , he got in the other car .
And he put pictures of that event in his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I did , I would say , &quot; &quot; It was over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online browser is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cyberbullying sites , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t get them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But everything changes pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they stuck this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed by a logical management brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those keyboards that are programmed , put in their own place and do their work .
For example , the liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet acquired one , a major revolution took place on what kind of risk we should be concerned about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers working .
And indeed there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We need to have some way of doing things even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means we can do things even when the things we understand don &apos;t wait .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Right .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cyberbullying .
Online silence is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life rescuing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk about cyberbullying , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is a broader global , international law enforcement agency — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and avoidance programs .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a collaboration of people who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and to give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , we traveled from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling the highway through national parks and national forests — pretty much the longest way we could have ever taken .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had taken me over the last 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see across the road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me very clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally transfers his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these characters that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; And she just kind of spoke to me for a couple of seconds and then she stops laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how we act when that happens , and what we can all say about human nature .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing alone .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is false — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my rich beliefs here , I am in time , all of a sudden , this abstract misconception of fairness dropped through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that makes me wrong .
The real time is where we live .
We &apos;re running out of time ; we &apos;re running out of time with the family ; we &apos;re running out of options ; we &apos;re running out of time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey throughout our lives , including this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a society .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only perfect moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on these rights ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally , how does it feel wrong ?
Fire . Fire down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m sorry — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You , folks , answered the question : What is the sense of perceiving it wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that wrong can be similar to that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be confusing , it can be confusing , in fact , it can be funny , as my grandmother is mistaking for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong is not fearless .
Let me give you an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where there was a soccer game going on and never hitting a bird &apos;s race ?
Almost in every movie theater , there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the jar , that &apos;s good , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
That &apos;s when it stops .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cusp .
So in fact , I should point out what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we insist on this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any internal signals to let us know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s another reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Take a quick idea at the beginning of school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher brings back the tabletop , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a mischief .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think about a kid who got this page .
A silly kid , a dentist , someone who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are tangible , irresponsible , and second , that in order to make a life of success , you never have to make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes idealistic little decades , perfectionists , masters .
Right , the head of Finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , then we &apos;re terrified of the possibility of doing something wrong .
Because doing something wrong means doing something wrong with us .
So we just disagree that we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She &apos;s horrified , the surgeons do their jobs — they get up and take her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked fine .
She turns around , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because surgeons have done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of the Good Council of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories were the essence of having too much sense that you were right on the right side of everything could be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop analyzing the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like 757 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just about perfectly true .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing we do is we usually do something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as we do , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the joint , but they &apos;re too damn stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly clever , we go to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it very much because of the personal purpose .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our rights keeps us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what I find most moving and tragic about it is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everyone to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The mystery of your brain is not that you see the world as it is .
The puzzle is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in another place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s the same thing .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
In 1200 , until Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am , &quot; &quot; St. Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; The Lord , it &apos;s called , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can either turn off or off .
That &apos;s the essence of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and exchange .
Last year , for several reasons , I hired myself a huge public radio show called this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
It &apos;s the wrong gift .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , it really is .
Among other things , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As a happiness designer , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen to one and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need there , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant feedback , misleading and unexpected endings .
Our stories love to fail .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would kill Iraq , he would find many weapons of mass destruction unleashing people and inclusive democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he would be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life until he was too old and he could be transported by his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school , go back to your city and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about the thing that everybody was missing , the audience that never came .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this conference is an incredible key to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but you know , why do we need all these innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket buyer , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Let &apos;s tell another story .
We meet another conference .
This subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , tiny space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and complexity of the universe and the mystery of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan hotel and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the Jews lifestyle leader .
Luckily , those plans were instructed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
It was ultimately destroyed by failure .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things don &apos;t last long .
A few months ago , he assigned me and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last downhill stretched into a small orange light that was above the target and everything , and particularly to me , all the targets disappeared .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic , he said , &quot; &quot; Ib-oh . &quot; &quot; Whatever the father , the son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire to make a difference that my father had .
These people ended up climbing a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving them at a lower level of standing , the global shopping center at the North Pole , which caused the eradication of six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I &apos;d won .
The people I call ammunition , what the box means .
I used to be in the classroom for a new face , and I used to be the same .
I was raised to judge people on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So who opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choice of the president in the year 2000 .
The focus of my group was on the death penalty between my youth , because I was a big fan of my life , and it was a very emotional topic to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and if I was honest , I felt an appreciation for going through a barrier that was considered most of my life to be perceived as ineffective .
The second major step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens of Prime Minister .
And there I was showing all the beliefs and all the cultures , and this experience was a foundation for me to cultivate my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have an unintended effect .
I got the opportunity to work on shows with some gay artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me creates a sense of empathy for other people &apos;s suffering , and it seems indifferent to me to behave with good people not the way I wish to behave with me .
That made me feel like I could compare the stereotypes I had learned as a child with my life experience and my communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Lord of the Christ . &quot; &quot; Next , Jon Stewart challenged me to be open to my own fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I almost needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in places that are unexpected , and the realization that the word comedian made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind eye , a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I am tired of not touching people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort it would take to keep the untouchable in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I had been involved in this ugly , undesirable ideology , I was not obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use war against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these feelings of the eye and take control of my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of my head as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no arrows .
In fact , I could see them through the window on a controlled room table where I left them .
So I quickly went down and tried other windows and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an epiphany in the morning , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
And as I got deeper and deeper , I found a big stone , and I pulled out the corridors , and I took the glass ceiling , and I put it inside , and I found a bunch of cardboard , and with the pencil , I put it in my suitcase , I thought that morning , when I got up to the airport , I could call my teacher to help me .
It &apos;s going to be ugly , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , it would sound something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortical artery that promotes the posture of the heart , it changes the adrenaline equation and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized in the air I had no idea . ( Laughter )
This is me going home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so they &apos;d put me in a plane close to the toilet , a seat that doesn &apos;t come back at eight hours in the fall .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours , no .
( Laughter ) So I began to wonder , can we do something about it , set up systems that protect it from such bad things ?
Or if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t work until it was about a month .
I was walking along with my colleague , the Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was driving , I talked about my expanded window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein , who was written a few years ago , called the research of contemporary discomfort .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that can be done as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
Let me start with simple .
Remove the place in your house to do things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science to think about how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years , to be able to track important things — where there are caves , where you can find lions , those bats of drugs , where they live in friendly and opposite sex .
The hypothesis is is that part of the brain that elevates the taxi drivers of London .
This is the part that allows governments to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they would swim the snail exactly and they would still find the snails .
It &apos;s used not by smell , but by hippocampus , a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , that aren &apos;t moving very well .
And therefore we lose the limits of the machine , or the eyes of the reading and the after .
So take your place at home — a cable next to the door , maybe a decorative cube .
The world is a particular table .
For the students , it &apos;s a table .
If you take a space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
How about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself to the sky .
If these things happen or they fail , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the cortex is dividing .
The Korean is terrifying , it challenges thinking .
So part of preparing for recent onset analysis is to realize that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , so we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there are to make medical decisions .
And sometimes we all come to a situation like this where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or treatment of our loved ones or help them solve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even to financial or social solutions — but to any solution that will overcome rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the results in the lab , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is at a higher risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will help you lower your cholesterol rate , your buildings . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly prescribed drugs in the world today , and you may even know that somebody is using them .
That &apos;s the numbers you need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or other treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anyone &apos;s concerned about it , it would be a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKline calculates that 90 percent of the drugs affect only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to do most of the time for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug to take years to recover from one heart attack , insults , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another request , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : seizing muscle pain and neck pain and craftsmanship and gardening — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t really think straight .
300 people use the drug . One , five percent of those 300 have the side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get your drug replaced than to help .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think , well , I &apos;ve taken this number from my head to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , so men over the age of 50 , the permanent removal of the wheel is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries being done to keep one person alive .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , the erection disorder , the inflammatory destruction , the regular destruction , measured .
And if you &apos;re lucky , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to have a conversation start .
You don &apos;t want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a length that can make a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the occasional arousal , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need to have a burglar alarm system or a liver , or an immune system , because if the body of these particles leaves its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to be necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think what &apos;s important here is that we need to recognize that we &apos;re not all sick .
We &apos;ll all be okay someday .
The point is to think back to the past , what unfortunate might happen , that we should have ways of doing things like reducing the evil , or taking the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Monday , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a master to set a coding shelf next to my door , with a stick out of the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of Scotch tape that I didn &apos;t paint and a piece of Scotch tape that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely converted , but I see sustainability as a taxpayer , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They expected to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rock was huge .
With the same amount of current installed in the front , two radio waves .
In March 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco da Gama and Colombo have had the luck to find new lands .
Now we have the luck to find the universe .
And this is in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the leaving , Sputnik created the whole weapon .
The human moon , seen by ordinary residents , gave rise to respect and confidence that people finally put something in space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Redemption , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians told us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our ancestors had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that they could now supply us with a bomb on Sputnik .
And then the whole summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest disasters of America , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s about space shuttle .
With the funding of Congress , within one year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 atomic weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact has driven far more weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that March of 1958 , the national preservation exercise , when tens of millions of people were in 78 cities under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that the nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of American juries .
Sputnik has also made some fabulous changes .
For instance , some of the people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and within the education sphere , the decline has risen dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be a very disadvantageous situation in which all across the Americas have actually benefited .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the reason and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third environment is less visible .
Is it all there ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they would be shifted to war .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it turns out that this is the largest captain ever discovered .
During the four collapses of the Cold War , the difficulty of Bosnia in the early 1990s , around 30,000 people , most of whom citizens were died , and yet 100,000 were killed under military surgery .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights has sparked a few cases of violence against humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and ultimately the same idea that they ever existed , they were born .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be cases — no perfect cases .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be recognized .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that cars carry around in the execution room are heavily charged , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like the CSI you see .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for growth to recognize , but they also use them as very valuable assets in war-torn urban warfare .
The rest of life is often asked to predict who these things belonged in terms of their own , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardened or just downloaded by our speakers and thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object in order to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a latrine , an infinite and objective memory of what has happened .
These images are about our understanding of each other , and the knowledge of these things guarantee that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is close to all of us as far as the documents can be .
One day , all the individuals will recognize , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I went through these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to photograph for the whole month every day .
I would never have been so exhausted .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide tremendous happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some projects going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re most likely to be working on intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called the Government Color .
The viewer is kind of uncomfortable walking into the room , and instantaneously , these platforms are sitting on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , and she seems to be following and stopping into the raging symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here is the essence of two selves .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute matter .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alphabet , and the other one is about 100 years old , and the Milky Way abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
Lots of that . And the very least is A4 format .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all instantly come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes like a viewer in a space , and it becomes like a viewer in a space , and it becomes lovely and independent until they , sort of , feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite the opposite that the claws themselves are so tightly held to construct the rules that they &apos;re sort of like the viewer of the tongue .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The user can see a paper page attached to the remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of paper , or a paper sheet of paper , which is made out of two small arms that were carried out of both sides and carried out of a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture is moving very , very slowly , as these two hands are trying to hold the page of the paper by disguising it over a long period of time , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability , we &apos;re moving very , very reminiscent of instability through camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here .
One is through a running camera , and the other one is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how instant video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and we transferred the motion to the ceiling .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to defuse the gesture of the bubble , as if behind this big paper clip is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like it &apos;s compared to the number of blood vessels I need to do this service and very delicately present this paper clip to the viewer in front of me .
Another job is massage .
It &apos;s a model of cardboard , so the object is about as tall as I am .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very high like an antenna — a head , and its only goal is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of covers from one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer and closer and closer as the person arises .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of its own in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate collection of the mass .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like it came out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of a background with our image .
And so this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of an auditorium about the size of the person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you seems to be the size and the audience sort of takes the full view .
There are 996 little characters in the auditorium .
They learn to plan mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer lies .
It can be some blue sky or blue sky , and then no one happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It can be any one of the few weak ends of the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object itself or an organism that also has its own musical sense as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t really tell the audience that they &apos;re reacting properly .
So there &apos;s a sense of being able to make decisions and feelings of commitment and irritation .
It also has traces of attraction and fascination .
So here , if you can see we are very happy , because of the head of the imagination divided into two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other to discover the sense of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t question when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Race Strip .
It comes out of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of medium .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create a pattern or a network that lives in a room that you can observe from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures living on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would perceive a certain perspective or a shorthand in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and unfold , and on the first road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the model of comic books and other rubber bands , as if the plane had physically conformed them to travel in that direction .
We like the idea that these patterns dance around as if they &apos;re simulated and don &apos;t have any interest , as if they &apos;re restless and comfortable , so long as they feel the way they &apos;re moving around and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So this project challenges our own opposite .
It &apos;s kind of embedded in this very grizzly grid , which is kind of like a grid , but also a grid , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and vulnerable and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are a little bit less transferred to a fairly concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful at working with the City ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the sequences of movements from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and back .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits in my face .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps work in a study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little slower , in the first week you did enough to make the day harder , you &apos;d expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to do for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a carpet behind a cliff .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
They &apos;re nothing special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to bed , and there was no one word left . Like the only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I screamed not one , but two nights without my bed — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the students &apos; town , put them on slow motion like a Chinese car and wrote them down at the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s great ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a writer online .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
So to explore this , I came up with an MRI lab to image my brain and indeed visualize it , so I can compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here we go ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the unemployed ?
It means it &apos;s all great until this happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but the Big Bang doesn &apos;t like it , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a little while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any important jobs .
The Maltese Falcon is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know who she was , and she does care about two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And humans are just one other species of animals .
You have to remix , upset and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a culture of civilization , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another animal in our brain — the Rational Society of solutions that allow us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like , during dinner or wandering in bed , or to enjoy a sustainable poison .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things called a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call it the Silver Spoon .
This is what happens when the freedom function shouldn &apos;t happen .
When everybody runs the show , it raises the question of how do you allocate the participants in the blue zone , not the kind of pleasant place where important things happen .
It turns out that the warmer has an carbon footprint that stands out at the top , views it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one who fears the Buddha .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream of being here at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in , and we need to start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , let &apos;s get in Google Earth , but let &apos;s get the picture of India down to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to understand India better . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When six months went into four , then two , and after that , one , people from TED decided to introduce the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monstro starts to go away , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Big Bang — remember the Panic Monstro gives her the plague — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And finally , the Royal Society of Defense Employees Transparency , and I am beginning to write a language .
Panic Monstro explains the whole behavior of the unconscious , like something that looks like me for two weeks without being able to write the first letter of a speech , and then with the magic card , it doesn &apos;t go all night and write eight pages .
This situation , with three characters , is an open-source system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People got frustrated and wrote about how disappointment affected their lives , how the Big Bang affected their lives .
Why do people go to such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing , less about it than about laughter , shorter distance with words .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and despair .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term attention made them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they failed to achieve their dreams , but because they managed to start pursuing them .
I read those articles , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no non-disclosures .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all attracted .
Maybe you &apos;re not as uncomfortable as some of us are ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re comfortable with the terms , but remember : The monkey is comfortable with no terms at all .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window for every 90 years of life .
It turns out , not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look at these calendars carefully .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because everyone in our lives is doing something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a man named Captain William Senison , who was recently awarded the Congress of the Gulf of Congress after his role in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with the interaction , paved the way to the detection of medical evacuation .
The amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the evacuation physicians in the country had turned on the GoPro camera and caught this event .
And you can see here , in the paper , Captain Senison and his community , he &apos;s carrying a dry war , he &apos;s got a drink in his pocket .
I started thinking , where are these people coming from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a kind of vague emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I behave this way ?
On the vertical axis , we prepare for people who are willing to educate others to benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they &apos;re serving the military .
Those better people are willing to connect with others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
I had the great honor of meeting a few of these people we would call heroes who were willing to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the waste of our lives .
So in social animals , we live together , we work together , we call the Security Council , the bathroom where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that someone from a gentle danger is safe .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to get your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We cannot deny it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only thing to change is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone that makes it leaders .
I took a trip to the airplane , and I became an inaugural officer : a trip to fly on the plane before I turned it over by numbers , and I watched him work on the instruction pad treat him as if he had a lander , as if he had a lander .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us humanly ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she would say words .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or not work . &quot; &quot; Actually , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t need to let your leaders know .
We like to share &quot; &quot; Southwest Airlines &quot; &quot; not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to take time and strength to supply one another , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Diary leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to , push their self-belief , the ability to attempt and decline , and to achieve more than we could ever imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York , so this person says , when you have a family of problems , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
Why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;re never going to be released by failed tasks .
That &apos;s why so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and committed to the managers of those banks who receive inproportionate equations and premises .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The bottom line is , they gave rise to the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve won encouraging social cohesion rules .
This is what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motors Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will fight it .
Diplomats are not taught in any way .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company took a very recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of her assignments .
In most of the manufacturing business , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government would ask for advice .
Bob did not .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t trust the number of workers .
And the heart of the worker , and the heart rate is much harder to reduce .
And he decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of unprepared leave .
They could have chosen any time , not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for everyone to cheat just by a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way , he got the moral of the staff .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They are the government , and we do what they succeed because they have the government in front of us , but we don &apos;t have the people in charge .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a couple of warriors in the middle of the war , and as there were warriors who were adopted , the command management was the last and they were allowed to feed their people first , and they were finally eaten by the supply chain of food .
And when they returned to the park , one of his people brought some food to this store because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they deserve to grow their own , that only their people are safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll get natural responses — our people will cheat for us .
They open up their blood , their practice , and their leadership &apos;s vision to be real , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you open up your blood , your hands and your straws for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in remote , rural communities .
I worship these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the limits of the city , life with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures and other barriers .
And during these trips , my grandmother complained in the White House , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that goes beyond mountains .
Get ready and wait for you . Go ! &quot; &quot; I became a medical student for the next six years .
One in 100 children born worldwide has some heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — some of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with persistence .
Vaccines have to survive in the mother &apos;s eyes .
The distinction depends on the connection between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart valve .
It leaves the presence and the genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of this skin is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Maltese stood up in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up was a green roof .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of resistance to our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Religion is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these big problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
The one then makes the chicken .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and my partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our own success , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than a mile high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the anger between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
So the research began again .
We come back to the original plans .
After many trials , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new machine .
For years , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with glasses , and unexpected mastery helped us make new machines .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design that was made out of very strong materials that recorded the form .
It seems that auditory right now allows us to create a device that doesn &apos;t deal with , because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can change itself to a complex structure process that took decades to process .
As you can see , the device comes into the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device is booming , and it &apos;s sitting at the right bench and doing the right thing .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that take a long time and effort to survive — if they do .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful from both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients we &apos;ve had are part of our team — a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly recover strength and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind by a marriage , not by a marriage or an affair .
So we need to start with a one-size-fits-all model .
We give one tool not enough to make sure every child gets treated .
We &apos;re in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , and we spread it , really : no child gets killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Motor .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , walked with a couple of friends &apos; walls and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is coming up above the horizon .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is blaming anything you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought this thing . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I looked a little , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the core of those diseases is called trichotomy .
This infection in the eye is caused by a beer when the eye is caught up , and some of the infections that are lost can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about this is that preventing severe infections should swim the face : no drugs , no pneumonia or infections .
And when I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to hurt , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trusting Internet cafe for 20 pounds — I went to Wikipedia , I went to Google on
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I don &apos;t need to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , and I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first ever ever
You stick on the skin and you don &apos;t need buttons .
( Laughter ) So I started trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we got practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in markets . You can bring this product and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that the poor communities don &apos;t perform large products .
They cross when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not refuse all the cigarettes . He crosses one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s broken .
So we started turning DryBath into a small innovation .
He passes through the middle and pulls out .
The funny thing is , one of the homeless people stands up for a petri dish .
When we created this model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DryBath in businesses . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you take a damage , you can also provide two hours a day for kids in rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of global , we realized that we had a very basic definition of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to give the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t cheat .
Who stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to push this envelope , and the strange thing is that I got it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in vacation , and later I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve scattered the white coat and I &apos;ve seen patients .
And I was struck by two things in the last month .
I asked myself , would you like to meet this exam loss , or will we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of governments .
Many of the cost-effective solutions in health care are accepted .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by lowering the cost of the physician , you can lower the cost of the bill .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art fellows are smart .
So we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we kind of pulled back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it a health-care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of the treatment of patients compared to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg in the book .
In this picture , you see my girlfriend surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we most loved about this study was the price we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good , but the numbers of the bad are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can drive to Germany , which is a good healthcare system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the likelihood that he will not be buried under the treatment is about 50 percent , so he should start using the scaffold again .
It &apos;s like a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was just five percent .
So either a year or you have a risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
Looking at a number of different conditions in many different conditions , we can see big differences .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting in the year and talked about what the procedure was that they used to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a set of metal workshops that you use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly knew it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold , it actually takes a long time , and most patients never need a second surgery .
They &apos;ve taken the data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it made sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every day .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
Over many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists come together , the guards who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they take it away .
Tremendous improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you think about the effect of price on equality , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been the least expensive , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago , there was a study that was done compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to countries .
For most diseases , the U.S. quality index is smaller than the middle , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurements , and it would raise its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year to the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but although it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The next health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that they have in common is they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they provide for their patients is nothing better than what they provide for others , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have another quality .
They like other advice .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist working in a different hospital and discuss why that other hospital delivers far better outcomes , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community where we can observe and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , GDP has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the World Consortium on Health Consortium .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients , the diseases after the disease , which is really qualitative , what we need to count and turn to the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pains , drug arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show the paper clip .
This is the first time we compare data not only in countries but also in international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like this . Which one is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important patient outcomes . &quot;
That day , we sat in classes with doctors and nurses and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important bonds are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much enthusiasm .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the line stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he swept his armor , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right now . &quot; &quot; The value of living health care is not only costly , but also the results that we see in patients , we can turn our personal in hospitals and elsewhere in health care systems into not a problem but an important part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start translation , and I think that the advocate of modern medicine , the Great Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that make companies so successful , how important functions actually are to succeed in starting companies .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , they can unleash the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been creating workshops for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a sanitary pad on a bus stop when I was in high school doing solar power facilities when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best in corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the performing , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy named Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everybody has a plan until someone gets into a face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true in business .
The mastery of the team shows her ability to adapt to the face of the client .
The client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making consumer revenue ?
In my mind , it began to occur to me that perhaps it was the most successful influence .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world is not ready for it ?
Will we start but we need to learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , this Ideal company , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies , Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faiths , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resist all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; House , &quot; &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
The intelligence companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at these actions that had the most success and failure of these companies , and I was amazed by the results .
Part one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the press department when people needed remittances , and maybe it helped people make their own choices to move their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Soldiers were looking for remote money , and it was very important .
From our earlier successes , Citysearch emerged when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract compassion .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us fail .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website advocate .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the stuff online , add the code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the encoding problem solved Adobe Flash , and when the coding for coding lines increased 50 percent , in America , the same time , YouTube appeared .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that experience is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best thing to estimate is whether customers are willing to offer you something .
And hopefully this introduction may help you achieve higher rates of success , and thereby do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , getting into student laughter .
I felt very unhappy in the middle , unhappy and sad , and I was afraid of other people , future , failure and despair that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I was preparing myself to sleep , to crawl in my chest , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was shy , and even after a while , he was strangely friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
So for instance , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I kept sleeping , because I was angry , so the voice was confusing .
After a while there was a ferocious talk , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I told my university doctors about this .
Then I almost got interested and helped out , so I told him about the strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students in a field of knowledge in university , and during one session I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been instilled into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , terrible , terrible sense of awareness , awareness and desperation for myself and my future .
When I was committed to seeing that voice not as experienced but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I was basically struck by the aggression of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices spoke opposite and horrible .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of obesity , of lack of belief , of ignorance , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , not able to find any target , not agreement .
Two years later , my cancer was massively degraded .
I had all the opposite repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unexpected beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years of convulsion seems like something had died , but something had been saved .
The movement began to decrease and to decrease the person , but the person who made it out of the way was a perpetrator , and eventually grew up in a person that was forced to become .
Many people in my life have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to elicit all the good and powerful people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to come out of those wild and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essential to take the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I once believed it .
For instance , the voices that were coming back to my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice burst .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seric .
All of this knowledge ended up sticking to my bits and pieces , and each pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Visions Movement , and it was inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees the voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unprecedented circumstances , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to be continued , and it &apos;s
This society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Cheka , beginning with social change , cannot translate them back .
It &apos;s not possible to recognize the person who makes themselves better .
You can &apos;t get people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Vice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to recreate the sense of urgency and unification , giving powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating new language and behavior that provides hope that fundamentally rests the road to unprecedented hope .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinctive part to heal itself , and that intellectual capacity can be used to implement this capacity .
In this view , societal peoples are not greater than the voice or the privilege of helping other peoples &apos; processes , being fluent , sharing their hands , sharing their pain and giving hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and removed .
Light never gets off .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography caused me to set up my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was a slightly different thing to paint with my earlier passion , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important to plan .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a pencil .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you break the button .
Images like this : road jobs are going on in the dirt road .
But there is also a mistake .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to be understood .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But who is it that way to make the photograph so real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
Who creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , in which different parts of reality can arrange to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that this is completely irrational .
I see the same and putting the photos together .
It &apos;s simply a distortion of reality .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of as what happens to us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in the other case , the picture just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting them , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is : get the pictures together should be taken from that same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar light .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be unique .
that you couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually created .
So by printing colors , contrasts and light in translation , and among the pictures , the photographic feces of the eye as the cloud is sitting still , putting the colors and the clouds together , we &apos;re bringing the boundaries between separate images , and this is how they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is really all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the land was photographed in the marshmallow .
Cancer is from different places .
The vertical portion is photographed in the glass floor .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So in order to achieve the actual outcome , I think the main thing is plan .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we collide , we put together images of separate .
And here each part is very well-thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at getting the right frames , the result can be pretty and pretty .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that scares us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the deep official world .
Suddenly we had a reverb .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It is estimated that the six business owned by two million dollars in the United States , related to the president of Russia , the Prime Minister of Putin , and his childhood friend , a fabulous violinist .
There are more recent rectangles that are concerned about waiting for new stories , about the emergence of another document .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can hold money to offices and don &apos;t pay taxes , it remains less slow for public services like health care , education , several tensions .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this public excuse of phenomenal assault .
The media and the political leaders matter how official space can be used to hide our slow motion . We &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is kind of loud , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to do justice protection , and institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
It &apos;s because Mossack Foonsect has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delaware , from Germany , or from Sweden , we would see more U.S. connections .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to spread their students , their brothers , their investors .
This affects all of us .
The Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was just preliminary meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The point is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows us to get rid of the masses .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So we &apos;d like to see Panama &apos;s success as a way of looking at the open world for openness in the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
It requires business leaders to say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy which creates conditions for mobility , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Johannes .
It &apos;s been estimated that your kid , Wikipedia , over the past few years , has been going to have more hidden documents than are printed by participants around the world .
Can it be ?
Juan Assad : Well , could it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so easily , that a group of activists can upload more information than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JS : You can say that these people are classic embedded information processors , there &apos;s not one way they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art coding methods to get the material online , without leaving traces , until information goes to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get the information on the electronic path , just by the way , encrypted or not , we make it commonplace like a regular news agency , and we give the formula — what we rarely do is quite difficult , because speech is about the overwhelming mass of information and the separation of ourselves from the unprecedented legal and political policies .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in a very rare event , and if we find out about it at some stage , it &apos;s just as much information as possible .
( Rattling ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out there about how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an infamous report that the government of Kenya announced after the election in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , run by Daniel and Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this research , and together with one more attitude , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it to policy pushcards against Moi , which was — and rarely — the richest person in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , before the election , of the 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — and so this report to President in Kibaki became unprecedented .
CA : In summary , you can say that the information that came out of Kenya was not from the official media , but is it ineffective . In your mind , it really changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian front page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors in Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been heavily burned and the printing of Kenya .
This news in Kenya was broadcast 20 weeks , and Kenya &apos;s birth rate , 10 percent replaced its voting results and won the election winner .
CA : So your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned Baghdad .
The video on the scene is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not a disconnect for more sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody paused .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after the other ...
I understood . Okay . Get up .
Tell me when you see them . Sorry .
Shake it all .
First , gosh !
( Crackling ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Crackling ) Sorry .
The button — Bushmaster Dahlia , Bushmaster Dahlia .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
All right , so we killed eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and they &apos;re still in color .
I got it . I see it .
Two , six , six , six , go .
Up , sorry . Who happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , chess . I hit them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The responses to those who did that were real .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has caused a global appeal .
How do I think that was the main cause of disappointment ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen irregular power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to heal and murder the people who rescue the killing .
There were two journalists who were really not immigrants , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning was taken by the U.S. Conventional Research analyst , and he was proposed to admit that this video had been transferred to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of U.S. embassy cables .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cube .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 100,000-pound convulsion and a 50-year-old convulsion .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this embassy , I was a big adviser .
CA : If you had received thousands of cups from U.S. embassy .
JO : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Right ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , specifically human rights violations in those states .
Looking at this hidden cable , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that more .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to transactions .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have the resources and the resources to put in place , that &apos;s a good sign , that lets hope that you can achieve something good . Organizations that provide that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of investment in order to store that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole of society that information transmission can actually cause untold effects ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the case of our investigation .
I mean , we &apos;re considering the politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that you could think of as personal — that you could identify yourself .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data is the right secret , but our sources that provide information have really to be done .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you want to search for is inexhaustible motivations .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that the wars of America are inhumane .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , the people of Bageye , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan , don &apos;t have to watch that video every day ; they see it .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who learn for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light to the black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you strip away the mystery of others , you hold your own information secretly ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have resources that are disposable in other sources .
If that were the case , we would have a bad situation , but we &apos;re doing our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the contrary .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — what you &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience says .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the bigger you are , the bigger you are , the brighter you are .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s the big man ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying lions , Juliano , understandable .
We should be more excited . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : That &apos;s the illustration of our action , the daily activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil sacks , much like the Gulf of Mexico , not that big .
We got the answer — a kind of random engineering analysis of events , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competitive , various oil mining agencies were designing coalitions .
The battle was drawn in and part of the Albanian government .
There was no explaining information at the top of the engineers , so it was a particularly complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what was going on .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is trying to get to the Global Goals .
So we put the paper in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t really check it , and this week we got a letter from the community that said , &quot; &quot; In order to find the source of the documents . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What &apos;s the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; Then they sent us a beautiful image of the document , and the Microsoft Word ID portrayed by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our methods that we &apos;ve targeted to identify or to test the material , and in particular we want these men to write a letter to us .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have gone down , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these kinds of systems .
The mass of interest is the problem .
Like every initial organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a tremendous amount of information that goes into the crowd that is the most diverse , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And who scares the most opportunity — or scares the desire to work by journalists , or is there a lack of slow journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing is difficult , and it affects our material properties , and we need to reconstruct that we should have people working with the highest levels of national security information and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to the point of view , let me tell you how you got there .
I said you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA Anderson : Psychologists would say that this is a recipe for how to make a living .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker &#91; unclear &#93; and fairly young law enforcement actors .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I read a newspaper that I was followed while I was growing up .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by the Russian mafia , wanting to remind you of your old bank accounts .
So this word is not as comfortable as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t really think you &apos;re riding the cost of an old bank account . What &apos;s your core value ?
Can you introduce them to us , maybe tell us what kind of event it took to get them to choose ?
JS : That &apos;s why I can &apos;t answer the case .
But the basic values are that smart , fuzzy people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about growth .
This insight came from my father and from other clever , sourced people I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a struggle way , so I can &apos;t really care about growth very well , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I could avoid survivors — which is to provide justice for criminals .
This is a frog that I &apos;ve been in for a long time .
CA : So let me tell you a quick story , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , a bank account , and then the intelligence agencies were happy to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a great privilege in Iceland . Who carried on ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult problem .
The state of the banking industry was 10 times higher than the rest of the economy .
And yet , last year , we passed the report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes until the transaction . As a movie movie , it knows about friendship , and the reader has been surprised , &quot; Never been . Who &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was shown , and at some point in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this would never happen again in the society , and the result of that was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we developed a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become such an official freedom writer , and it would ultimately be preserved by journalists , put a new Nobel Prize for freedom of speech
Iceland is the northern countries , so like Norway , they can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were the same for the Icelandic peace .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or does the Big Bang even take greater grief , there will be more grief , or will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling on either side ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong incentive to harmonize the right to express freedom of expression in order to get more transparency — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because a challenge for either one or the other can take the very small movements , in our power to drive one or the other .
K. Anderson : I think I &apos;ll leave you with the thought of the audience : Julian , be careful , and let &apos;s make you strong .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
A bad day .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , ironies and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , contemporary meaning , talking about me in Russian issues , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only at the age of 12 , but in the middle school , he claims he shouts and doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , wanting to be thrown out by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personalities .
This boy has goals and dreams , but it keeps them accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nicita , one of the bars of Santa Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Him from the movie , but I never saw Him .
He blames his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be overwhelmed by women and to look like an aggressive Black .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with words : the irony , the Greek person , the equivalent of the person .
( Laughter ) In the artifacts , I ask the social questions that make me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and willing to get together .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls fight to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For the Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
That &apos;s why you see me in the Gulf of Mexico , with a wetsuit , with a wetsuit of rain , barely in your sofa .
But remember , the irony is miserable , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we do more .
As long as all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragmented creatures .
And in fact , the consequence of that is that it &apos;s more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
I tried to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had washing machines .
People fell . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After 18 years after Herodott , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine episodes and then giving people the tools to achieve them .
We made this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , the creation of the network , the wealth , the vision and the reflection of the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And that little idea is cute .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in the workplace . This is a full room .
Nonetheless women .
I experienced what was worth soaking in my neighborhood .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of trouble .
As I walked up the table , I yelled down the stick , the right eye was quiet .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time I was graduating from high school , I was talking to doctors , researchers , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to emerge .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , men &apos;s incarceration has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treated for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It turned out to be a failure of ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you kidnapped in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put some tension together , I &apos;m going to meet eight of them , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before it gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even if the Dalai Lama were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bankrupt .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be walking in a very dry and hot , maybe a sight would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been washed over 7.5 or eight hours in midair and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency to our lives , is the best thing for our careers , the best thing for the world .
So I encourage you to embrace and discover the great ideas that inherit us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is that imagination has to be valued very seriously .
About 14 years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a network of stars , ages , for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , flourishing forms , a scale for the construction of the world .
It wasn &apos;t like I could take it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidates were gone .
I started learning on my own , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to travel to India .
With a lot of hope to open up the paintings , I sent the paintings off the pavement and I went to the town of Mahabalpa .
It was the last day of the show , but my paintings hadn &apos;t been edited .
I had to take something .
The living room was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried scuba diving .
But for the creation of a large sculpture , it was too difficult and too fast .
I went out to the camp to walk , and I watched the crowds rotating my network into the languages on the floor .
Every day I would see it , but once I saw it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first experiencing sculpture was designed to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Paradise Girls . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately replaced the sculptor .
I found her colorful surfaces with every wind in my face constantly changing her writing .
This hypothesized me .
I carried on studying traditional landscapes , and I worked with artists , later in Lebanon , and with the news of frustration .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from a miracle object they would become the ones that could change ...
Going back to India , we built a network with half a million hands of cake , and the sculpture was made in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sol-Morals , who designed the critical design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them wealthy , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly glimmer and shorter ones .
For two years , I was looking for a pneumonia that would hold ultraviolet spindles , a friend , a weather , a convulsion , and would make it easier to swallow in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the window .
So we cleaned up this 100,000 pounds .
We had to design it so that the Greeks could move with the wind and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was static and moving .
I came up with some great airplane engineers designing the slums for the slums of American empowerment , Peter Heppel .
It helped me challenge the double challenge , to get the perfect shape and easier movement .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were not allowed to wash the buttons .
So I collaborated with an industrial web factory , and I realized how they could make machines , and how they didn &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could be translated into this unique , ancient dress of basic machinery to create this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , after the birth of two children , we had 50,000 square feet , a rough network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and unforgiving without a little authentic .
( Applause ) This place was white and barren .
Now it has meaning .
We walked through this skull for the first time .
I watched the wind blow through choreography , and I felt like I had a connection with the sharp edge .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these skyscraper cities for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic crossword of Philadelphia : its trajectory , I felt , was needed easier than just to make a grid sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be formed by wind , and experimental explanations , and also people who could be able to participate in all of those things without hesitation .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban transportation system .
Another challenge : Connecticulture and ideas in the Biennial of the United States , run in Denver , has the organizers asked me if I could visualize the 35-week vacation and join them in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami flown across the Pacific .
It destroyed the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the moisture of the planet , and yet it shrunk the Earth &apos;s day .
I met with the NOAA , and I asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds of the Earth are minuscule .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So , I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny , tiny network of materials , 15 times cheaper than a canvas .
This sculpture was already out of existence , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be nature to the building and just become part of it .
There were no computer programs that could design complex networks like this and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my creative Times Magazine or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and create sculptures that fit the skulls .
And while they haven &apos;t financed yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities where they &apos;re most important .
About 14 years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual creature .
Today , I deal with the high-tech and the engineering to create the most compelling structural form .
My creative horizons expand .
Let me close with this story .
A friend of mine called me to the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer , who never thought of art , never touched the local art museum , cut everything they could out of their workshops and made them stuck under this sculpture .
With bones glued to the floor , there were wind turbines going on , next to strangers , creating mirrors .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you , thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some capabilities .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became a boy &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separate from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very pleasant . ( Audience : I don &apos;t doubt . )
Information imaging is collected at the same time through all of our senses , and it creates a multiple variety of images about what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — the left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
The left-hand part of us is mind-wandering .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
