Within this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to suggest .
The first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a student and technologist journalist , and he died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that went right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Okay . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the Web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would release this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archival may have been written better and more careful than most people , but in fact , we &apos;re all creating archives
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being destroyed every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of the house , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think it &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technology , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few calls made for us to be able to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdote after we die .
One of them , actually , quite honestly , found me after I signed up at a magazine in Foursquare in New York .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifire.e. , not yet .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am , what ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is more interesting .
Many of you may have heard of Deb Roy , who showed that Coke can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , with the exact amount of content that we create and technology can do that in a meaningful way .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions of what you might say on your next message .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be computational .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more like humans .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a particular person , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their life ?
Think about this terrible stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN directly released W.I. among — hip-hop music hologram to interview with Anderson Cooper in its study .
What if we could use the same technology to transmit our loved ones &apos; representations into our spaces — connecting them to a very similar way in life , according to all the content that this person had created before they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them together .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if so , what that means is the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career &apos;s trauma — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interests or for personal health .
And that has to do with all sorts of career change : soldiers , soldiers , soldiers returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because of the loss of interaction between workers and restaurants .
By removing people &apos;s well-being in their lives , we &apos;re describing them as a great risk , and the person who &apos;s done a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about his friends coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy released a quote from &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; the people who tried to get back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there were five kids &apos; mother who liked being in the house , but after they got to work , she really wanted to get back to work , because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She has been looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she has spent the last nine months studying companies online and running for jobs without repeating outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
The trust is not going to disappear .
You &apos;re just a sunburn of the ones that finally get beyond the workforce . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us , the more we get distracted by our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after my day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great seduction of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t follow business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;m rarely following the news as I was growing up in my house with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t around anymore .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew what was happening in the business world .
I believe that the restaurant is the ferocious labor force , that &apos;s why .
We have less competitive or part-time rewards .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the context of our work .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have while the restaurants .
First of all , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technically relaxed , it just keeps being there .
I used a financial analysis so old that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus 1 , 2 , 3 . &quot; &quot;
I don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint has made a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m using it all the time now .
I say to the restaurants that the workers are expecting to work by having the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility to connect .
And they get in .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the restaurants that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not before they were in a career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s called a survey , or not , but it was a short-term experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
And I saw , as a return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , was running the initial de-escalation program in the war , and after that , he got a full-time job .
I saw two universities signing up for a mainstream education program .
So I wrote an article about what I saw , and it &apos;s an open-source article in the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Court of 40 . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old graduate student standing next to .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; the 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have a reintegrating agenda for returning to financial services .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are trained , and the people who are moving to permanent positions get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate rating agencies to come back to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Intelligence Survey .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow the employees to be involved in finding real examples of work , engaging sustainable conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable investment decision until the stop is over .
This process of testing unlocks the risks associated with leaders by regulating restaurants , and they attract great candidates who become great customers .
Think how much we got there .
Before that , most employees were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But right now , it &apos;s not just programs that are designed specifically for restaurants , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
It knows a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this recurrent problem , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their return to work was adopted by their reintegration programs .
And there is no concern that there should be no five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from their community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to happen to something more , but she couldn &apos;t make a living .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was worse than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this march and hope for the best .
Well , she celebrated all their peers , and not only did the company offer her a delightful job at the beginning of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called another restaurant to work for her .
The Three Year &apos;s work was an attempt , just as a punishment , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating rating agencies as many people as possible .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career , don &apos;t let me suggest to a stalled or innocent employee who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other restaurants come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I &apos;m now working on solar technology .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to put serious perspective on the environment .
Using a little bit of crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can take some blood vessels .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go through — I &apos;ll go through the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the senior .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , if it &apos;s delicious and respectful , you can make an excuse .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of nurses .
We &apos;ve also founded the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover , they don &apos;t connect to anything ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object I call &quot; &quot; The Downing Hole . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by the weird technique that I had to ask someone to do for him , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light or turn on the glass of water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the auction was a better person in the Indian family .
And what struck me the most was how he used a mobile phone .
He &apos;d roll the ball and he &apos;d expect me to grab a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my gift , I made a &quot; &quot; Dance &apos;s phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
It &apos;s exactly how my unit uses a phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine that he could borrow his sons and daughters around the world , same thing .
All he had to do was take a paper page , put it in a pencil , print his elbow and cut it out of paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person with an email address .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve put lots of electronics together that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And of course , the object had to be especially challenging and encouraged by the ritualistic aurochs as my tea and my love .
The next piece is a sound-called &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put boxes on the walls , and then we put little boxes on them .
And once it &apos;s all around the event , they &apos;re sort of expanding forward .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they turn .
So we put these boxes on the three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small bats behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they &apos;re sort of outfitted out of sheets .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become transparent to their sounds .
They don &apos;t respond to sounds either .
Then you hear the trauma they don &apos;t respond to .
( Video ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan , and you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were very interested in creating them as animals .
So each cheese is self-behavior , psychology , the cost of negotiation , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll celebrate it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but we found that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of communicating with the idea of immortality .
How could you experience feeling invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges from the surveillance system , we &apos;ve created a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an overlapped video in which the camera is turned into an invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Sir ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it , and it &apos;s compressing .
This is a very early video , where we don &apos;t solve the traffic jams and things like that , but it &apos;s immediately a compliment .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s locked in space , and then we put a monitor on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person &apos;s always been invisible , as the group moved in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; The Sun Horse . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s paper towels or sunglasses .
From the front , this object looked very strong and warm , and from the inside it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
When they finally got tired of it , they collapsed .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that he &apos;s sort of stuck inside his chest , and his body is growing out of it almost like a chicken .
He &apos;s blushing around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the boundaries were not there , the boundaries would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no laws or there &apos;s no laws .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within minutes of pain reduction , taking advantage of it , and it seems to be coming backwards .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to defeat the instincts of sight to help him save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because in the end , he &apos;s going to change himself again .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked really , really hard , as well as most of our work , to break down the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that it would open up , it would be damaged , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it would not affect the sense of inevitability , so uncomfortable wanting to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we &apos;re testing on this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object changes itself .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly involved in , and we &apos;re working with an aesthetic element , a beautiful diversity of skyscraper fields that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the bowl shaped like a divine shape , wrapped in the palm .
Our idea was to reverse something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you spend your time looking at this shape as a snake , and you realize it &apos;s more like a snake in space , as if you &apos;re looking at it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , makes you fall asleep , growing into two taller and eight holder objects .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — trying to preserve a secret or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it , because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems like the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what the image it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Imagine how much he took us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the content , all the industry , all the commerce .
And that happens throughout our life .
I believe that one day it will happen in the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is that online there are problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career fighting these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by the Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus ever discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector department , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to interest . &quot; &quot; And then this goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for the Palestinian refugees .
In fact , there &apos;s a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
The UK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are a few pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abbottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Bridge in Allah Iqbal .
I walked into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK rule .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt a little intrigued by this realization that both the Beatles and the Amjad computers had been packed hundreds of times over , completely unconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to run an old program on a modern computer .
So let me now virtually set up some tools . Let &apos;s set it up here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundred-year-old laptop , and it happens when you &apos;re attacked by this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you turn around , you start walking around on your screen .
So it was pretty easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was made by the brains and the adults .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and adults .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , to follow the infections of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that what we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan applications , we find every day .
This is the latest virus that we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find them for tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are passing hidden computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyborgs .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every single Google search engine that you print is protected and shifted to the refugees .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and transported to refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is sites where you come in and you buy them in any store on the Internet .
Because when you go to the store online , you have to register your name , your content address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and buy that information you &apos;re going to get .
And that , of course , is a problem .
We now have a sustainable market and business economy built on the basis of cyberbullying .
Take , for example , how these men actually work out of their surgery , take a look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , from Sweden , and his colleagues , who are also fortunate enough to find INTERPOL , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , cyberbullying surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the account of the Swiss bank , including Jain and that bank account of 14.9 million dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that online officers can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that cyberbullying programmers are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have off-the-shelf systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the Global Goals for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , goes from country to country when only a page tries to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the track .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving an unlimited flight vote to all cybercriminals around the world .
So the criminals who couldn &apos;t reach us so far can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can we actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one failed failure .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old letter abbreviation failure where it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this image file on your Windows computer , the file will actually take over your computer control and download the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been coded , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , part of the code is now being published .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You can actually see here at the bottom there , you can see the web address : onononononononone-by-io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it actually sends that program and releases it .
And this is the hidden entry through which your computer will take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , as someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I rescued him .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the lab , and one of them thinks that the head is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Sanskrit Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone numbers and cars in numbers and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian who &apos;s been running the Internet for a few years , who has his private section , and he &apos;s leading his network to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in Sank Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girl .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of paper and over 400 pounds of paper .
Well , it &apos;s quite beautiful to a 20-year-old child from Sanchez Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
Sank Peterburg , he got in the other car .
And he put pictures of that event in his network — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see the Samara number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online browser is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
The vast majority of cyberbullying , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t get them wrong .
I want it to be easier , but wait , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked something like this .
This is the Seventh-400 PLC programmed by the logic of control .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet turns one , there &apos;s a huge revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food processing plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on the job of this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if you hadn &apos;t worried about them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I don &apos;t care that we &apos;re dealing with problems with cyberbullying .
Online silence is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the network , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk about cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than making anti-viral programs and selling fire .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a collaboration of people who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but we need to give them the opportunity to use their gaps for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have a job , so we &apos;re traveling around the country parks and national forests — literally the longest road we could take .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that calls me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see next door ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely differently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally transfers his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just kind of spoke to me for a few moments and then she stops laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this one — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no competition for work .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the opportunity to fail ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is false — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all the events that I have here , I am in the midst of all of a sudden , all of this sudden acknowledgment of this abstract misunderstanding of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that I &apos;m missing .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re going to have time for dinner with the family ; we go to the choices ; we vote for the existing time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , including this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a society .
So what I want to do today is first of all talk about why we feel comfortable in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative chair you could do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s cold .
Not bad . OK , perfect , good .
I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m sorry , thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , it can actually be funny , as my grandfather complained about the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean it doesn &apos;t hurt .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , a permanent swimming foot and never feeding the bird ?
Almost every time this movie was in the movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps from the cage , it &apos;s okay , it jumps up and walks .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that your leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running , until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
And then it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like that foot after it falls off the grid , and before it looks down .
You know , we &apos;re laughing , we &apos;re already running , but we feel like we &apos;re on some basis .
So , in fact , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s another reason why we &apos;re so excited about this event — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get some ideas for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws back the textbook , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a mania .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A little kid , a conservative friend , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are left miserable are strong , irresponsible bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to succeed in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I think , especially many of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the head of the P.A. , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because the next thing to do wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel intelligent , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s hooked to the operator .
She gets dressed , the surgeons do their job — they take care of it , they put it on a surgical platform .
It seems like it &apos;s done perfectly well .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body fixed ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon had done a serious operation on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of the Health Leads of Beth Israel talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The core of this story is that overwhelming belief feels that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we &apos;re all experiencing so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Mississippi or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs just fine mirrors reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans actually explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do is something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we deliver that information to them , they shine light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the box , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who don &apos;t agree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it because of the individual goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our right keeps us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what makes me most glamorous and most tragic is that it deals with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
The magic of your reason is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see it , and that &apos;s the same thing .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can either turn off or off .
It &apos;s a whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and so forth .
Last year , for a few reasons , I packed myself with a lot of public radio exposure to this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
Then there &apos;s the clever failure .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the time , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think one will happen and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And we need that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , imperfect moments of mistakes and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like static duty , misdirection and unexpected end .
In our stories , we like failure .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that if you went to Iraq , you would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction unleashed people and put democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life until he was too old and through the illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and go out of high school , go back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone doesn &apos;t enjoy , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all of these innovation and advancement ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fucking , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The topic you &apos;ve heard about seven million times is awesome discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a look out of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the head of Jewish living .
Fortunately , those plans were detected by an FTB player .
Unfortunately , the bombing of 1993 was not at the center of the World Trade Center .
Nosair ended up being destroyed by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connected to each other , they realize that in life we want the same things for so long .
A few months ago , he called me out of his ark and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my brown hole broke into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , the whole point broke .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abba . &quot; &quot; Whatever the father , the son .
They all looked very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire to marry my father .
These people ended up moving beyond the burial of 650 kilos of rainfall and left at a lower level of standing , the global trade center in the North Pole , which resulted in warming , reducing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people that I call the granny are the boxes .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , a lot of time in class .
I was raised to give people criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was the choice of the president in the year 2000 .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I had been a huge amount of my life , and it was very exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The second key step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden River Park .
There I was witnessing all the belief and cultural people , and this experience was central to cultivating my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
I was given the opportunity to work on shows with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for others , and it seems to me that it &apos;s intangible for good people to behave in ways that I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Lord of this . &quot; &quot; The following Jon Stewart challenged me to be open about my own fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religious or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that a comedian has made me a more positive influence than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a titan .
I was talking to my mother one day about the beauty of my world , and she said what I would hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind eye , a person who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not calling people . &quot;
At the time , I realized how much effort it would take to keep the uninformed self .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my dad and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and my potential to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I had been involved in this ugly , unorderly ideology , I had not been obsessed with fanatics .
Instead , I chose my experience to use battles against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these feelings of my father and assess my activities .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that dying is not distorted by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no rocks .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the boardroom table where I left them and left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early morning road in Europe , and I needed my friend and my quiet .
As I fell deeper and deeper , I found a big rock , and I pulled out a corridor window , took out a glass of glass , stuck it inside , found a whole bunch of coma , and with a pencil , I turned it into a glass of ice cream , thinking that morning , when I went to the bathroom , I could call the teacher to help me .
It &apos;s going to be cold , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a bronze athlete in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , things would go something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cartilage that causes heart failure , it changes the adrenaline levels and it causes thought .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so I flew back to the plane next to the toilet , a seat that didn &apos;t come back at eight hours in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours , it didn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect these kinds of bad things ?
Or , if something goes wrong , at least the likelihood of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my thoughts didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was growing up , I was telling you about my wide window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he was practicing something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist , Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it conveys a lot of science to the extent that public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , the bathroom of drugs , where you have friendship and contradiction .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which spans the range of drivers in London .
That &apos;s the part that enables governments to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they would swim the swim and they would still find boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using hippocampus , which is a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not very well moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the rocks of the car , or the windows of the reading and the back .
So take your place at home — a cable near your door , maybe a decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The students are the perfect table .
If you cut the space and you really enjoy keeping it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things happen , or if they happen , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
And these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the brain is divided into a cartoon .
The Korean is awesome , it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to understand that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about our treatment or treatment of the heart , or help them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — any decision that derives rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got out of the lab and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your state . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe you know somebody who &apos;s consuming them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to be treated .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s calling , if anything is for that and for that , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs affect only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly the numbers on your desk , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug to take years for a single heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another request , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of food ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : seeking pain and contemporary pain , knitting and knitting — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is improved , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
15 times more likely to be replaced by your drug than by helping you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can check whether you want to take risk or not .
Now , you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , according to the men over the age of 50 , have been state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art measures .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection deficit , their inflammation , the regular destruction , will mismatch .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is before you begin to think about the questions that should be asked to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without suffering , or do you have a longevity that can cause a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the horror of the event , but at least you will have tried to eat it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles into its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond quickly , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thought , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we should have effective ways of reducing green , or taking the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Monday , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master to set up a coding sheet next to my door , with a piece of coding on the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of crap that I didn &apos;t paint , and a piece of crap that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely unified , but I see sustainability as a modest process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an unstable space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current installed in front of it , two radio waves .
In March 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then create a new planet called Sputnik .
For years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Colombia , they were happy to find new land .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a snapshot of Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he handled America .
After the release , Sputnik created the whole summary .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and commitment that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , the so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can set us on a waterfall by putting the Sputnik rocket .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crimes , compared to Perl Harbor , and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He touched the rocket show .
And he saw a scout .
And the cosmic collapse .
With the funding of Congress , within one year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , the impact of Sputnik has been more than making weapons .
For instance , some of you may remember that March of 1958 , the Civil Rights Movement , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik has made some wonderful changes .
For example , several of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , natural science , and within the educational sphere , the rape has exploded .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows us how we can change the situation seemingly unrelated to what Americans in general have even benefited .
Sputnik will be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the courage and to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , and I &apos;ve been living at the very first TED conference .
The third environmental is less visible .
Will it all serve ? No , not exactly .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , rocks , rocks .
We all know very well about these simple things everyday .
They were often told that they were going to turn into wars .
These things were discovered in captivity in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by the mass graves , 20 years after the war has happened .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever invented .
Throughout the four major conflicts that took place in Bosnia at the beginning of the 19th century , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The Industrial Rights Movement revealed several fears for human and genocide .
Genocide isn &apos;t just about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and , in some ways , the same idea that they had ever existed , laughed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — no perfect legs .
There will always be cases of death that are more robust than their bodies or our easily destroyed memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since then , when they find things that the victims carry with themselves to the execution , they &apos;re highly checked , analyzed , engaged in the record and preserved .
Thousands of climbers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are being used as a tool for the ears to recognize , but they &apos;re also being used as a very valuable tool in the rating agencies of war .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of them are hardwired or simply dismissed by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost thing , to create a visual archive that could easily detect survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , irrelevant and objective reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and the recognition of these things guarantee that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is close to all of us as far as a documentary can be .
One day , when all the individuals will recognize , they will only have bodies floating in their pockets and these everyday things .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was researching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to photograph for the whole month every day .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide immense happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the exciting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Score .
The viewer sort of walks into the room and instantly touches these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching them , they seem to be following and stopping into a grim symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change we needed to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alcoholic lentils and the next one is about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
It &apos;s about that much . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the viewer will enter their space , and they will immediately reach their position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel kind of turns into a viewer into a space , and it becomes lovely and self-loving until they feel like they &apos;re in a room or a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the cricket , but it can also be quite the opposite that the cricket itself is so dense that it actually follows the rules of making it , that they &apos;re sort of like the viewer of the tunnel .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankinis .
The user can see a paper page attached to the remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin A4 shape , or a paper sheet of paper which is made up of two small arms that were carried out of both sides and carried out of a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold the page of the paper without touching it for a long time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability is a very primitive movement in the movie with our hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here one by one .
One is through a hidden camera and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just removed the camera , and we just broke the movement on the blackboard .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to define the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big paper page is a small human with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of compared to the amount of blood that you have to do in this audience , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper that you see in front of you .
The next piece is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall instrument — a head , and its only purpose is to attract its attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side and moves his arm further and further apart as the person gets touched .
This is the first stage of the experiment .
You can see two integrated movements , and the object appears to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they &apos;re looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Masla &apos;s collection .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of resistance with our image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the audience to see the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this size , and the audience sort of takes over my visual field .
There are 996 little characters in the audience .
They learn to plan mechanically by choosing .
That means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to pay , how strong and how long they want to be acted around them or how to paint others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a few flowers or flowers , and then no one happens until the viewer walks away from the stage and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak ends of the audience or it could be a very sound ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So a viewer can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t make an audience react properly .
So there &apos;s this feeling of being able to make decisions and feelings of fun and insecurity .
It also has its own fragrance and its own fragrance .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the head of the imagination divided into two hands .
Here &apos;s a little animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other to discover the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see a prototype .
So we &apos;re not thinking when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is the window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a self-portrait or a network that sits in a room and can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a certain perspective or a shoreline in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and on the first path , and be hidden for two grams .
So unlike this very grim , complicated network , we wanted to give the characteristics of commercial and other groups of subjects as if the aircraft physically confirmed them to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re dressed up and they don &apos;t have any care , as if they &apos;re restless and comfortable , so long as they &apos;re perceived as moving from view and they &apos;re hiding behind the closest wall .
So we have this project going on the opposite of itself .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of a warm grid , but also a warm grid , because it allows them to stay warm and fuzzy and anxious about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement signs from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls in my throat .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that doing this kind of work didn &apos;t happen .
It &apos;s too big a project .
That &apos;s what happened last year .
I &apos;m going to start a cliff , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind the screen .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the weird thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that went on for two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing that came out of it : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I walked slowly up like a book , and I pricked up the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad disertion . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s awesome ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today I am a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about attention .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain , and a real wireless brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious mind .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the waitress ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; It &apos;s time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-makers decided to do something productive , but they don &apos;t like that plan of the Beijing , so they take the government and they say , &quot; Let &apos;s read Wikipedia all about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any significant work .
The Big Bang is not the one that should solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only care about two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Beijing people still have one more species .
You have to remix , mimic and manipulate the baby , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a culture , and the Beijing doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another animal in our brain — the Rational Society of Defense Resources — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what would be the most useful thing to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take things that are fun and easy to do , like waiting for a night or jumping into a bed , or hobbling for a coat hanger .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things , and not to do things that are common .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the game .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When everybody conducts the Beijing Bridge , the question is , how do the paychecks actually stay in the blue zone , not in the kind of remote place where important things happen ?
And it turns out that the payload has a coal plate , which is looking up at it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one who fears the Beijing .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in , and we need to start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , let &apos;s get in Google Earth , but let &apos;s get in the picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When I turned four in six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , connected to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts to move away from it , and after a few seconds , the whole system is in chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panikon Monster touches her anger — by the way , she &apos;s not there !
And by the way , the rational decision-maker can take the vote , and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the uninformed player , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then the magic career won &apos;t go away all night and write eight pages .
The situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were fascinated and written about how delayation affected their lives , how the Bible affected their lives .
Why do people stay in such trouble ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term attention is a little bit of an observation about it , less about it than about the happier , shorter reflection with the terms .
It &apos;s mostly living in silence and alone .
It can cause a huge amount of uncertainty and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these sentences and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term attention transformed them into views in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they failed to achieve their dreams , but because they could even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and all of a sudden I realized that , in my opinion , there are no caregivers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all attractive .
Maybe it &apos;s not as uncomfortable as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s commonplace with terms , but remember : The chimp will slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call this the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window for every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the penis .
I think we need to take a serious look at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
That &apos;s the job for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we should be starting today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
The nearest time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a person named Captain William Senison , who was recently presented at the Library of Congress in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered the way to the emergency room of medical care .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , through the accident of the devil , one of the doctors on the nation had turned on a GoPro camera and captured this case .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing together a warrior warrior , hiding in his pocket .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I do this ?
On average , we give prizes to people who are choosing to sacrifice others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve in wars .
Those better people are willing to communicate .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the length of our life .
So we stick with social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety rate , a profession where we feel like we &apos;re part of it .
And by doing so safely , a natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and I can believe that somebody from a gentleman is safe from danger .
The modern world is just like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t die .
The only alternative is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone creates leadership .
I took a flight to the airplane , and I became an emergency manager : The route was trying to get to the airplane before turning it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device treated him as a touchpad , as a touchpad .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I turned on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , words in words .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or don &apos;t quit the job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We laugh because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to spend time and force trying to get rid of each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a father .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , the ability to attempt and ignore , and to make them more than we could imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , which is a tech firm founded in New York , so this person tells you that when you have a family of problems , do you consider the opportunity to leave one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people to work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;re never going to be released for the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and committed to the managers of the bank who receive inproportionate equations and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they were giving the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion principles .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . None of us do .
Different leaders do nothing at all .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , made a very recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of her assignments .
In the manufacturing business , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
They had to pay 10 million dollars , so like most companies today , the government would ask for advice .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees have heart attacks , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to run a resistance program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of uncomfortable grades .
Athropologists could choose any time , and not necessarily all four of them in line .
He said that it was better for everybody to suffer after a while , than for someone to feel bad , and in that way , he threatened the moral of the worker .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They are — the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we don &apos;t get to follow those people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of several warriors , of war , and as warriors were accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let them paint for their people , and they end up eating the food that they prepare for .
And when they returned to the village , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their grandchildren to be safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll have a natural response — our people will pay for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their knives to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood on , your clothes and your skirts on this person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Part of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , rural communities .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , life with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures and barriers .
Throughout these journeys , my grandmother complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s wrong . Get it out .
Go find Calais .
Something lost on the mountains .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One hundred children born all over the world have a heart disease .
In addition to this , I think I can solve some of the problems that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
Children have to live inside their mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child is in his heart .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these particles is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only cure for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t wear a hat was a green shade .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shape as a form of locomotion to create our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Rice is contagious time .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these huge problems .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter moves the rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a mess .
After these moments of inspiration , there was a very long process of creating and prototyping .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The cycle on top of the living patient is different because the coal between the arteries is larger .
Most patients cannot be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We come back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the village , we built a new device .
For years , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us get a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design that was made of strong materials that recorded shape .
It seems to us right now that the audience is enabling us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
Our device proliferates , resists to the required supply and enrichment .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we &apos;re fighting diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they do .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , once the device is in place , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From beginning to end , the process still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients we &apos;ve had are part of our team , a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
The knife is not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to get power soon and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for grandma or for admission .
So we need to start with a one-by-one model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child survives .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s impossible , and we &apos;re going to spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Wind and electricity were as unpredictable as weather ; growing up in such complex situations , when I was 17 , I was married to a couple of my friends &apos; ears and we were married in the sun .
The sun is coming up above the ground .
When you get married , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t nobody touch something you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for those diseases is called a trachoma .
It &apos;s trapped in the eye of an infection that &apos;s caused by the tumor when the eye is caught up , and the cancer that is caused by infection can entirely change .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s minds every year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid suffering from severe infections , you don &apos;t need medication , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my personal favorite phone , I didn &apos;t have a laptop 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have trust the Internet coffee 20 pounds — I did Wikipedia and Google on the platforms
who looked like somebody from KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person ever received the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I mostly didn &apos;t have to advertise anything — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first mind-wandering refuge@@
You put on your skin and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I started trying to build a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and I met several people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can introduce to markets , and you can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One of the things we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform large products .
They miss when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex misses all the replacement cycles , and he misses one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into a small innovation .
Pull it in half and drink it out .
The cool part is that one replacement builds one-fifth grade education .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even richer parents want to use DryBath on their own . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you take a bathroom , you can also provide two hours a day for children from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for work , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of general , we had to define the fundamental functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and the poor man is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried a product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process , Google has picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also picked the best student in the business world , the first African to come up with this approval , and the strangest thing is that I appreciated it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in an orphanage , and later I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I scaled up the white coat and saw the actual patients .
And after a month there , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , would we ever meet this expedition , or will we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you &apos;re sitting in , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Others , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of governments .
There are many , many health care solutions available right now .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs to the physician , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors will tell us that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are silent .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of got back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re aiming to improve the patient &apos;s lifestyle , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment with our cash given .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you see my wedding dressed in three beautiful daughters .
When GDP started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the recipe that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good ones , but the worst numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My wife Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , it can travel to Germany , enjoying a healthcare system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the hope is that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should start using the pill again .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to the Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was just five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of undies or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
When we look at a number of different diseases in the diagnosis , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons that came together in a meeting of the year and talked about what the procedure they were using to operate a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of paper that you would use for somebody who needs a new hip .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; my approach is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need another operation .
They took the data , and it changed the national clinical practice .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A few years later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the world &apos;s best results , at least for those who are equal , and most of them don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists come together , the takers who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and the best .
Serious improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just a exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of price on equality , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved equity have at the same time been achieved by the lowest income , although that was not the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. has been three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than the middle , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements , and it would increase its quality until the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that those numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The next health care applications are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to know other people .
If a cardiologist invites another cardiologist to work in another hospital and discuss why the next hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community , where we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , the BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the World Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients to talk about , the diseases under conditions that are really qualitative , what we should consider and turn the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , drug arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only to the country but to the international space .
In the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease burden .
Divide two things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I conducted teachings at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve the quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure the quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important conclusions ?
We said , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat patients more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the session , the peak of the magazine stood up .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right now . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care is not only value , but also the results that we see in patients , we can transform the patient into hospitals and other aspects of health care , not a problem , but a critical part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical assistant , beautiful Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are most influencing the success of companies , how important functions actually are to contribute to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them in the first company , they can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so big ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphysical , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been designing workshops for 12 years , when I was in elementary school , I sold a suitcase on a bus stop , when I was in high school , I was doing solar power tools when I was in university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who worked best in terms of corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when I first came up with the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the experience , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy named Mike Tyson at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true and business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the meat of the client .
Silence is a reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear road , how does a consumer feel ?
In my mind , it began to rise to the topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea arise too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Will you start , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve checked the top 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First , these Idealab companies , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com. — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but we didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resign all of these insights , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal alab , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; Kozoma , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time has been important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for cash transfers , and it was very important .
From our previous success , Citysearch has emerged when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , found out when companies were looking for innovative ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but the time was really important .
And then some of us fail .
We founded Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the video on the web , add code to the web and do other things , and the company finally got off business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code issue solved Adobe Flash and the content of the spreadsheet passed over 50 percent , in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , YouTube had no business model .
So in summary , I would say that the experience is really important .
It &apos;s also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them .
I hope that this conference may help you reach higher rates of success , and to do something great for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I had a happy start in college , reading , having dinner , going to college campuses .
I felt very unhappy in the middle , unhappy , unhappy , ashamed . I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the curiosity that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started . I was walking down the stairs , I was walking down my stairs , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
It was neutral , it was ugly , and even , after a while , it was strange and it was cheering , although sometimes I noticed it reflected my hidden emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , so the voice was confused .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation going on that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard him meant that there was something wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors about this .
And then I got interested in it and helping it , so I told him about the strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television conference on students who were translating knowledge into a field of university , and in one particularly sad conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been incarcerated into a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , terrible feeling of awareness , awareness and destruction about myself and my future .
When I was committed to watching that voice not as experienced but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I basically shared aggressive before my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices were contradictory and terrifying .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a battle of fear , of avoidance , of infidelity and of disappointment , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find more targets than recognition .
Two years later , my stomach was highly smooth .
I had a whole wheelchair repertoire : speaking up votes , absurd images , odd , uncompromising events .
Now , by remembering those ugly years of the year , it seems like something must have died , but something must have been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by the person , but the person who passed away from it was a bypass , and then finally grew up in the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who have helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to bury all the good , senior people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe , because the voice seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , was critical for the first step : to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I once trusted .
For instance , the voices that rose to bury my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice coincidence .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seen the voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than hiding and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on , and it &apos;s a difficult
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chekhov , beginning with social change , cannot be translated back .
It &apos;s impossible to recognize a person who &apos;s doing well .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to reduce the sense of urgency and unity by giving powerful people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially provides the road to unprecedented self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being that is encouraged by an instinct to cure himself , and that intellectual capacity to leverage this building block .
In this view , societies do not have a greater honor or or a privilege of helping others through their remediation process , to be honest with them and to raise their hands , to share the courage and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets tired .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography came when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier painting , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important to design .
And when you take a photograph , the process ends when you remove the mycelium .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process begins when you break a magnet .
Take pictures like this : road jobs are going on in the background .
But there is an unbelief .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These pictures require a brief moment of reflection to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes the picture real ?
Does it have to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a floating surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a sort of a mirror of reality , where different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the Third World .
But to connect in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to the extent that it might exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn to the brain because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same pictures combining .
It &apos;s simply a distribution of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in other words , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that leadership should be made to achieve the real result .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting , they can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
so it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually created .
So by printing colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and all sorts of different images , using photoreceptors like the color and the texture , we remove the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be constructed out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it doesn &apos;t require much planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the land was photographed in the marshmallow .
The roots are from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So to achieve the real result , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we divide , put together different images .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you keep on building the frames you need , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama shattered the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Suddenly we had a voice .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his childhood friend , a supercriminal .
There are more rectangles concerned about the emergence of new stories , about the emergence of another document .
It all sounds like a joke or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can hold money at office and not pay their taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this global demand phenomenon .
The media and political leaders matter how the office space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , are not able to understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because the Mossack Foundation has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , from Germany or the Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
Infidelity in America allows employees to expand their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what the office looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to emphasize that this is not an individual prospect .
The point is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows students to separate .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So we wanted the Panama Canal to give us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , like Global Witness , see this as a sign for translation time .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flowing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi , come on , Johannes .
It turns out that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to read more secretive documents than there are in common in the world .
Could it be ?
JF : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so simple that a group of activists can transmit more of that information than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sustainability ?
JR : You can say that those people are classic inherited information processors , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art cleaning approaches to the Internet , without leaving traces , while information is coming to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the law and getting legal protection .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple storage or not , fixing it as normal news reports , giving us a formula — what &apos;s rarely done is really difficult , because language is about the overall variation of mass information and our own separation from the inevitable legal and political population .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we do , at some stage , we know about it , we &apos;re going to process information as quickly as we can .
( Phone clapping ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Prize . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret delay that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with one other reference , they spent about two million pounds .
The government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information before the election , the national election , the 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report to President in Kibaki became an unexpected celebration .
CA : In summary , you can say that accounting information has been connected to Kenya , not from the official media , but inexorably . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been heavily detected and the colors of Kenya .
This knowledge on Kenya &apos;s television was broadcast 20 Westerners , and , by the way , the assessments of Kenya , they changed the poll results and they gave the choice overload .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airport from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this desire is not separate from the sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody is rewarded .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after another ...
I got it . All right . Enjoy it .
Tell me when you see them . I &apos;m scared .
Ask them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Come on . Come on . ( Cheers ) Come on .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move , it &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; flying saucers , and even more harmful .
I got it . I see them .
Two , six , eight , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After heels , Kyle . All right , a-ha . I checked them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The responses to those who did that were significant .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : There are 11 people in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters in the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a universal claim .
How do you think that was the main cause of disagreement ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk in the street , and Apache cheaper , a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of caliber , looking for wisdom to shake and kill the people who rescue hatred .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning was taken by an analysis of birth control in the United States , and he claimed that he &apos;d rolled this video to you , and together , 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy Club .
Did he do that ?
JA : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced for 150,000 cups of tea and 50 cups of tea .
At the beginning of this year , we have a report card from the U.S. Embassy Review , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this ambassador , I was a common athlete .
CA : If you had won a thousand U.S. subscriptions ...
JA : We would have thrown them out . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the Arab government , certain human rights violations in such states .
Looking at these hidden globes , this is the exact same picture .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to overmarkets .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
So that information that institutions can incorporate immense amounts of effort and resources is leaking out , and that &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to expect that you can achieve something good . Organizations that have that information that they know from the beginning up to the end have a lot of work to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or even societies that information delivering can actually cause untapped consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , it &apos;s the politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could be self-identified .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s doomed to secrecy , but our sources of information have to actually do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve missed what you wanted to find out about those unintelligent mothers .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dying people .
It makes a impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My son is not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear that kind of stuff a lot .
But remember , for Baghdad , people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can transform awareness and understanding the people who learn from it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into black businesses and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem to you ironically that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly holding your information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have resources that are going to be great in other countries .
If we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work to get people to feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing what you &apos;re hearing from the TED audience .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the greatness , the greatness , the cloudspotting light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s time for him ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying lie , Johannes , understandable .
We should be better off . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our actions , of everyday activities .
By the end of last year , a note came out of some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Mississippi Delta , just not that big a scale .
We came up with a solution — a specific engineering analysis of events , where it was written that conservation workers from some competitive , various oil fields had destroyed buildings .
There was a war going on , and part of the government of Albania was involved .
The engineering approach above was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society would achieve for themselves .
So we went to the country and we said , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just check it out . &quot; &quot; And this week , we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to find out the source of a document . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they were documented by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , specifically looking for these guys to write messages to us .
CA : Did you get the information from BP workers ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intensive search and technical jobs going on .
So the number of us in the audience has gone down in the last few months , because we &apos;re getting very interested in this , we &apos;re now redesigning our core systems .
The issue of attention overload .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that goes into the crowd that is the most diverse , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go out and check that information .
CA : And what scares the opportunity — or scares the desire to work by journalists , or is there a lack of resources for slow journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it affects the way we treat it . We have to restructure it so that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also less information .
CA : To better understand you , let me tell you how you got there .
I told you , as a child , you had to learn in 37 different schools .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get paid .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; and quite a young advocate for the law .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I sent a newspaper that I was following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly a Russian mafia that wants to revive your old bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody else &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can we get them to hold us , maybe tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the fundamental values are that intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about their grandchildren .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant people that I met in my life .
CA : So smart , smart people don &apos;t leave behind screens , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — which is to provide the right crimes to the police .
It &apos;s a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me tell you a quick story , a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , in addition to the bank account , the media accounts were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . Who carried on ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
In the banking sector , the GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
But in spite of the past year , we &apos;ve made a discovery .
And the national television station has been broadcast for five minutes until the transmission , and as a movie , you know about friendship , and the readers have been wondering , &quot; Never been . Who &apos;s going to happen here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was shown , and we were in very exciting places in Iceland , we were driving towers , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was , together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become in a certain sense the official freedom of speech , where journalists would preserve a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal eyes were identical to the Icelandic language .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think of what it will be — or does the Big Bang even have more grim control , will it be more transparency , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process process process process change ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure in order to harmonize the right of speech freedom to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to count .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can cause a very small movement , in our power to destroy one or the other .
CA : I think I &apos;ll give you the impression of the audience : Johannes , be calm , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day after day .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today , I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new meaning , a contemporary conversation about me in Russia , asking people who aren &apos;t models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he shouts , and he doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , wanting not to be taught by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades in Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Haley from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be occupied by women and to look like the aggressive Chief .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Greek person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about the Syrian refugee in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19 year-olds , are already ready and willing to fit in .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so most girls fight to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an elderly man , and I don &apos;t have hope to escape .
So you see me with a Mexican warrior , wearing a wetsuit , wearing a wetsuit , wearing a wetsuit .
But remember , the irony is rock , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be friendly . Be ironic — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re reaching more .
Everything together , the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual reality of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve into community-driven creatures .
And indeed , the consequence of that is greater social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
I tried to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the game more real .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had some awesome connotations .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the tremendous happiness and then giving people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a strong story . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a network of knowledge , sustainability , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And my little idea is honey .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced my loved ones , which was worth milk .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I walked up to the table , and I saw a sign , and the right eye was quiet .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
Over that time , I &apos;ve been studying , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , I &apos;ve been talking to scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remix .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We will reach height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s redemption has become equal to men .
I was having dinner with a guy who was feeling a lot that the night before it was four o &apos;clock .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an infinite number .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Is it really dry tomorrow ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to meet a couple of clubs , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but they &apos;re not — because we have to see
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it reaches the Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t seem to me that if the brothers of Lehman were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crushed .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would be brothers and brothers would be extremely bold and connected , perhaps the seed would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been covered after 7.5 or eight hours of sleep and could have seen a collective image .
So at this point , when we face all the crisis in the world , what &apos;s great for us personally is what brings us more happiness and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best and the world .
So I urge you to zoom in and find the great ideas that inspire us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a web of birds , ages used for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could take it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduation of college , I went to seven art schools , and they were all rejected by my candidate .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give paintings to me , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I also went to the town of Mahablanca .
It was the last day of the show , but my drawings had not been published .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for the creation of a large skull , it was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the countryside to walk , and I watched the birds shoving their networks into the languages on the ground .
Every day I would see it , but this time I was looking at it incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experiencing skull was designed to collaborate with these stars .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we collapsed the sculpture slowly .
I found her bright surfaces reverberating with every wind , constantly changing her writing .
This blew my mind .
I carried on studying traditional views , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lithuania , and with the headlines .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from beautiful objects they would become the ones that could change ...
Back in India , we built a network of six and a half million hand-held apartments , and the culture was built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sol-Morals , who designed crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them blank , well-engineered , long-term , like the opposite of highly frustrating and low-lying .
Two years ago , I was looking for plants that would hold ultraviolet bricks , rocks , weather , humidity and make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the spectrum .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000-pound load cell .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with rain and maintain uranium walls .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I came up with some great airplane engineers designing bridges for the United States Department of Justice , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge two things : to reach perfect form and easier movement .
I could no longer build the same way , because my hands could not hold the grass .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial browser network , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of their manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could develop this unique , ancient drilling of a traditional machine operator to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two-year-olds were born , we removed 50,000 feet of a network of about 15,240 feet .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost any kind of authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
You go after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shake by choreographing , and I felt like I had a connection to the screen and the connection to the screen ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these skyscrapers for urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new insights that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its building , I felt , was much easier than making a web sculpture .
So we experimented with small pieces of drinking water to create a drinking milk that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be shared in all of that regardless of drinking water .
I use this material to create a subway street on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s sort of the x-rays of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Cultural and ideas , the hero of the American Biennial of the United States , run in Denver , has asked the organizers if I could visualize the identity of the 5th anniversary of the West and their collaboration in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the dawn of the Pacific Ocean .
It has destroyed the tectonic plates of the Earth , and it has destroyed the Earth &apos;s daylight .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means the microseconds that hit Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I turned metal armature into a tiny , tiny network of materials , 15 times more thin than a penis .
This sculpture was already innocent , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex networks and model them in terms of territory .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my creative Times Magazine or High Line .
A new way to think about it enables me to create and build sculptures that look like graffiti .
What they haven &apos;t had yet is funding , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers to many of the cities of the world where they &apos;re needed the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create a shape-shifting structure .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix was called to the city .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never gave up the local art museum , destroyed everything he could , from his workplace , and forced himself to go under that sculpture .
With the costumes stuck on the floor , there were wind turbines pointing next to strangers shouting out a miracle .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I became essentially a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely separate from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information characteristics of energy all of our senses at the same time , and it creates a multi-dimensional image of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re in the middle of it , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works in a different way .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is entirely thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine .
