By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people active on social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So what I first thought about this was this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and technology journalist , and who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an event .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the web .
And I asked the question earlier that when my body finally released from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends shut this message down — as part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archival may have been written a better and more thoughtful coordination than many , but actually all of us today are creating archiv@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being trafficked every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different parts per month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of their homes , or a grandmother who lives in a box .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think it creates a few incredibly intriguing technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I signed up at a restaurant in New York Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ified . Even before it fails .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared am I ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook after you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines are capable of compressing people &apos;s language and processing huge amounts of data improves , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
And I think what will happen is that it will become possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s simply not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to make it meaningful to us .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say on your next message .
Well , now , as you can see , performance can be comic .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are advanced .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lawyer works on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a particular person , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their life ?
Instead , think of this terrible stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN had just passed an I.D. — hip hop musician to interview with Anderson Cooper in his study specifically .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to life , according to all the content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand together exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them a reporter .
These are the people who spend a career taking care of their elderly , their children growing up , demanding personal interest or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all kinds of career change : veterans , soldiers , veterans , veterans , veterans coming back to work , or people coming back to work .
Going back to work after a career break is hard because of a lack of relationship between workers and restaurants .
By employing people , we see a miracle in their lives as a great risk , and the individuals who make a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this open-ended problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
The successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about the villages coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who goes back to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy released a torrent of &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; descriptions to people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Theresa wrote that there are five children whose mothers she liked being home , but after reading , she had to return to work , and after reading , she really wanted to get back work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy did what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for finance , she was looking for a job , she was looking for a job , and she spent the last nine months studying companies online , and she was nominating the work without any marketing results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the audience to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that don &apos;t go anywhere .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
You &apos;re just a sunrise to the possibility of work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of time goes down , what happens to most of us as we continue to get rid of our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after my day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great antidote to self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for going back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I did not expect business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home as a child of four .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt that I knew what was happening in the business world again .
I believe that the reporter is the beauty of the workforce , and that &apos;s why .
We have less educational or partisan rewards .
We live a more successful life .
We have a great working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find a job interface .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have while the reporter has .
First , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a state of existence .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint posed a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the worker what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term payment , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a general reintegration survey program .
I saw , as the return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , was running for the initial de-escalation program in the military , and after that , he got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating curriculum into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s in a magazine called &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen . &quot; &quot; And I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration , which you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated rating agencies to return to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are approved , and the people who move to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegrated feedback programs for engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Integration .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to develop real-world examples of work-life conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the stop is over .
This testing process removes the risks that lead leaders to protect the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for the reporter , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
It knows a real change , a real institutional trade-off , because if we can solve this problem of a restaurant , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans coming back to work on their reintegration program .
And there is no concern that there should be a five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would get into something more , but she couldn &apos;t make a living .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and offices were worse than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal to another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she outlined all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her persistent job at the start of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
The Three Year &apos;s work was an attempt , almost as a punishment , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating reintegrated institutions as many people as possible .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Try the first story of their success , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little firm , &#91; unclear &#93; , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go through — I &apos;m going through the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the top .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , and you can make a discovery .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be clear , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of relativity .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Search Television . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by the weird technique of my lap that always asked me to do something about it , like I was the extension of his body : turning on the light or bringing off a glass of water with cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the box is the best person in the Indian family .
And what disturbed me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He would raise his hand and expect me to pick up a number .
So , like the answer and the gift of my law , I made &quot; &quot; Send phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
Just like my box uses a phone made for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that could set up his dreams for his son and daughters all over the world .
All he needed to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and cut it out and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person with an email address .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and celebrated with ritual values , like my box and I like it .
The next piece is a soundtrack that we call &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put layers on the walls , and there are little layers behind them .
And as soon as things go around , they sort of expand out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they turn .
So we pasted these postcards onto three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these babies behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they sort of leap off the shelf .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become transparent to the sounds of disruption .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were really trying to make them live .
So each petition is a behavior , a psychology , a desire path , a personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards we &apos;ll do a good job .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges from the surveillance system , we &apos;ve developed a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded so that the camera was invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Shoots ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it , and it &apos;s off .
This is a very early video , and it &apos;s not solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately done .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was locked inside the space , and then we put a monitor on each wall .
And as soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
From far , this object looked very strong and tense , and in between the sound , it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just nothing .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
Eventually , when the inevitable happens , he frowns .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that she &apos;s sort of stuck inside a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s blinking around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
It &apos;s limited by definition .
If the boundaries were not there , the boundaries would be very equal , he would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People came into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within minutes of pain reduction , taking advantage of it , and it seems to be coming backwards .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to run for it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because in the end , he &apos;s going to change himself again .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked a long and heavy job , as well as a lot of our work , to combine the mechanical , the balancing and the dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely set the moment of his critique , because if we had designed it so that it would turn around , it would be damaged , but if it didn &apos;t turn out enough , it would not occur to the sense of inevitability , so uncomfortable it would be to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip of this object that we &apos;re testing — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly interested in , and we work with the aesthetics of steel , the optical fibers of different colors , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a jacket shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to rebuild something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of the hull of a joke , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape like a jacket , and you start to realize it &apos;s more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still designed , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , would like to kill you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , keeping a dynamic connection with people around you — trying to preserve a secret or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we &apos;re using it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors in nature .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much it took us .
Think of all the services that you use , the relationship , the whole industry , the whole business , the brand .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s happening all of our lives .
I believe that one day it will go into history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be thought as a generation , connected to the Internet , generation that created something truly global .
But yeah , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve struggled my whole career with these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-centimeter disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
It &apos;s a crowd-sourced disaster sector , and if you look closely , you can see here , which says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says , 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for promotional resources .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures that I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Bridge in Allah Iqbal .
I walked into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt so thrilled to realize that both Basit and Amjad computers had also been packed hundreds of times over viruses , completely unconnected to them in those years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me go online and build some tools . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you turn around , after your screen , a guy starts walking .
So it was pretty easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our labor patterns that we follow specific instances of viruses in the world .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and organize an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re comprised of those viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBuck.com .
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are crossing laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and shipped to the cracks .
Every single one of you has an election security and an election cycle .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for is a session when you get in and you buy it in any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy an Internet store , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example of failure that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the number of credit cards , the end data , the security code and the name of the cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can go online and buy information with them .
And that , of course , is a problem .
We now have a clean agricultural market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s take a look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden and his colleagues , who have also been successful in the INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal record surgery , where they had millions of cases .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a couple of weeks ago , the U.S. government announced the Swiss bank account of the Swiss bank , for example Jain , and in that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that cyberbullying programmers are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have relative systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which is thought to have come from Estonia , is moving from country to country only when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to global support lawyers when they do this .
So the Internet is kind of like putting out free airplanes for all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t get us there , now they can .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one failure .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file that &apos;s been tagged .
And what that really means is that if you try to review this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take over your computer control and leave the code .
So if you look at the profile of this picture — this is the front of the picture , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s publish it .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so outrageous .
And we can go over here and actually blow it up .
Well , part of the yellow code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can see an online address : onononononseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under the entire encryption , as someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made him proud .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the maze , and one of them has thought that power is Russian .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sanskrit Peterborough .
For example , you can find this on the phone number and number of cars , and in parts like that .
So I started looking for connections in Santic Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been on the Internet for a few years , who has a private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girl .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car to a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Sank Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident in his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the bullwhips on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crime , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot cope them .
I want it to be easier , but ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked something like this .
This is Siemens S7-400 PLC programmed in a logical management blockchain .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their job .
For example , the liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invents one , a major revolution takes place in which we should not take the risk of the approach .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computers controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on the job of this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — think about sustainability , replication of cartoons , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if you didn &apos;t wake up one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life rescuing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk about cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do that globally , and we need to do that now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and distribution of fire .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gains for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend and I were on the way from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have a job , so we travel the highway through national parks and national forests — almost the longest road we &apos;ve ever been able to take .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me over the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see on the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambivalently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reads his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And then I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments and then she turns around laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this one — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when things like this happen , and what can we say about the human nature of this ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the opportunity to fail ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is wrong — okay .
But when it descends to me right now , to all the events that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden this notion of an abstract misconception of failure coming out through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We &apos;re going to spend time in meetings ; we &apos;re going to spend time with the family ; we &apos;re going to go into the choices ; we &apos;re voting in the future .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , involved in this little sense that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a community , as a culture .
So what I want to do today is to first talk about why we get stressed out in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s black . It &apos;s going to fall .
Nice . OK , perfect , good .
I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be uplifting , it can be downloading , actually , it can be funny , as my smile is falling on the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , constantly running and never bothered by the bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the track , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the legs are running after him .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
It just keeps running — until you look down and you realize there &apos;s air .
And then it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on some basis .
So , in fact , I should mention the moment before that .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false visual .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the textbook , and one of them looks like this .
And by the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a support coworker , someone who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are in trouble are smart , irresponsible bureaucrats — and second , in order to succeed in life , you must never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect , especially many of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the head of the P.A. , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , willful and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s taken to the operator .
She &apos;s frustrated , the surgeons are doing their work — they &apos;re getting together and they &apos;re bringing her into a surgical platform .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t this part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothing , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel was speaking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the foundations that overwhelmingly believe that you are on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop analyzing the opportunity to fail , so we end up adding things like putting 757 million pounds of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or reducing the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about to end up in reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans share reality in a similar way , with some misunderstood assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we &apos;re willing to share that information with them , they will shine light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the box , but they &apos;re too stupid to put them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we get to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it purely for the individual purpose .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This approach to our rights keeps us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what amazes me most is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your reason is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see that , and so does that .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sevitha Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can either turn off or off .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and so forth .
In the last few years , for a few reasons , I &apos;ve covered a lot of the public radio show , &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the most sophisticated gift of mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As the creators of the time , we laugh that every single one of us has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought that one will happen , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories feel convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a number of weapons of mass destruction that liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the president of Egypt &apos;s lifespan until he was too old and he was too sick , and he was going to transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and go out of high school , go back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s never meant , an audience that never came .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circulates around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but you know , why do we need all of this innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that were most valuable to think about and change the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , are fantastic new discovery .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside from this tiny , awful space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man called El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the head of the Jewish wilderness .
Luckily , those plans were measured by the FTB player .
Unfortunately , the bombing of the global trade in 1993 was not the center of the world .
Nosair ended up being committed to commitment devastation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people interact with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things don &apos;t last long .
A few months ago , he described me and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to a grocery store in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , all the targets got off the ground .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic , he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abba . &quot; &quot; What a father , like that son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I totally understood what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire to marry my father .
These people ended up setting up a 300-pound marathon and shipping at a low-lying stadium , the World Trade Center in the North Pole , which resulted in the destruction of six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called the ammy , what the box means .
For too long in my classroom when I was a new face , I would often challenge myself .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choice of president in the year 2000 .
My focus was on the death of my group when I was young , because I was a big fan of my life , and this topic really touched me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I realized that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and frankly , I felt comfortable being able to go through a barrier , which was defined most of my life as being untouchable .
The other major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden Agency .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was central to the education of my long-term character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
At Pranitha Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some gay artists , and I immediately realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and I find it uncomfortable with good people &apos;s behavior not as I would like them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my own experience and my own experience .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Country of God . &quot; &quot; Next year , Jon Stewart invited me to be open to my own fanaticism , and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that the word comedian made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not touching people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort I needed to keep myself aware of myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
And I did this with hope that something must have been forced to use violence , that somebody will hear my story and realize that there is a better way , that although I &apos;ve been involved in this violent , unorderly ideology , I have not been involved in fanatics .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these feelings of my father , and I &apos;m going to measure my actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pockets , I realized I had no hair .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the driver &apos;s desk where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other windows and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t go back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nightmare because I had an old dude in the morning , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I was growing up and freezing , I found a big rock , and I broke the corridor &apos;s window , and I took the glass ceiling , and I put a whole bunch of cardboard in it , and I put a bunch of cardboard on it , and I thought to myself that morning , when I went to the air hall , I could call my teacher to help me fix it
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably no less than a frog farmer in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , it &apos;s going to look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartilage that affects heart failure , and it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they had given me my place for something else , so I had to go back to the airplane outside the toilet to the seat , which doesn &apos;t remember , at 8 o &apos;clock in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours of noise .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , set up systems that protect you against such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe is already lowered .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my crazy window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago , and it &apos;s called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it provides a lot of science based on how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus , where you can find fish , the bathroom of drugs , where the friendship and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which spans the race car in London .
This is the part that allows governments to find their own rhetoric .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid and they still found puzzles .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly branded brain mechanism for finding things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so with moving things .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of reading and the backs .
So take your place at home — a cable next to the door , maybe a decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The students are a specific table .
If you cut a space out and really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself a lump to be in the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re going to get them a lot easier .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re stressed out , the brain is blocking the cortex .
The Korean is terrifying , it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to understand that through stress , we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where you have to make really important decisions about your treatment or your loved one , or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , including financial or social solutions — to any solution that regulates rational facts .
You go to the doctor , she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
That number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s fault , if anything about it and yellow , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave to the statue most frequently , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to save yourself ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medication over the years before they have a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And there are frightening things among them : following the pain of muscles and nectar and cake juice — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this is going to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take the medication . &quot; &quot; But wait a minute .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is improved , five percent of those 300 will have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get your drug replaced than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so that you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now , you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , according to a 50-year-old man , the standard removal of the wheel is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their inflammation , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is before you think about the issues that you should ask to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often do you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you have a longer life that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the wardrobe of the event , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver system or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles at its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is that we think from an early stage of what failure can happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing green , or shrinking the way for bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montreal , when I came back after my journey , I wrote down a master &apos;s degree to set the code beneath my doors , with a handful of front doors , easy to remember the code .
I must confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t drink and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a stupid process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers at the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current installed in the front , which is two sets of radio .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Columbia have had the luck to invent new land .
Now we have to be happy to find space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he handled America .
After the Sputnik process , Sputnik created the whole distribution .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our opponents had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can set us on a watering hole by Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crimes related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
And he noticed the gun .
It &apos;s about space warming .
With the funding of Congress , within a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation trained , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were battling underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For example , a few of you here got a scholarship in science simply by Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , nature , and within the educational landscape , the rate has increased dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be a very disadvantageous thing to do in terms of Americans .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
Ultimately , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors — for a long time to join TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , and I &apos;ve been at the very first TED conference .
The third environmental is less apparent .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , rocks , rocks .
We all know very well about these simple everyday objects .
They were often told that they would be shifted to the battlefield .
These things were found in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by mass graves , 20 years after the war broke out .
And it seems to be the biggest captain we &apos;ve ever discovered .
Throughout the four major conflicts that took place in Bosnia at the beginning of the 1990s , about 30,000 people , most of the citizens , the denial and the death threats , and 100,000 were killed in cardiovascular operations .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights looked at a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their privilege , their cultural heritage , and ultimately the same idea that they had ever existed , they were born .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they discover things that the victims carry with them in the execution room are highly managed , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool for catalogs to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable tool for catalogs in war-torn barriers right now .
The rest of the life is often asked to figure out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are either bothered or hidden away by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to take a picture of every single object that was disgusting to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforbidding and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and understanding these things makes us a little bit more aware of each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the close documentary can be .
One day , when all the individuals come to an end , they just stay in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I &apos;ve done these 30-day challenges , I &apos;ve learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to do — take a picture every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share with you some of the exciting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and define some of the experiences that we &apos;re aiming for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Score .
The audience sort of enters the room , and instantly they &apos;re embedded in these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , and she seems to be following and stopping in a frozen symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the exhibition of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temple .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alphabet , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Milky Way &apos;s abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they immediately reach the position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes a reflective view of being in space , and it becomes , again , balanced and self-organizing until it sort of feels like being in a room or moving when it stops its position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boundaries , but it can also be quite honest that the boundaries themselves are so tightly bound to develop the rules for them to sort of fit the viewer &apos;s video .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page applied to the remote wall , but if you zoom in , you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet A4 , or a piece of paper which is made out of two small arms that have been carried out of both sides of the medium of a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves as if it were really , really moving , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability , we &apos;ve been moving very reminiscent of the instability by camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here one by one .
One is through a hidden camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video is interfering with the viewer and the subjective view .
So we just removed the camera and replaced the movement on the blackboard .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to define the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of blood that you need to do this talk and very delicately present this piece of paper with the observer in front of you .
The next job is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like a tank — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks in , he sort of leaves from one side to the other and moves his arm closer and closer as the person gets closer .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get the attention of the person , it &apos;s not that interesting , and it &apos;s looking for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Masali &apos;s collective body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , as if it came from a factory , like a vaccine cutter or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of resistance with our image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-organizing sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of an auditorium about the size of the person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at the size and the audience is sort of occupying my whole view .
In Audience , there are 996 samples .
They learn to navigate by choice mechanically .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a few holes or a few holes , and then no one happens until the viewer walks off the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weightlifters in the audience , or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or structures of sound , but they can &apos;t really provoke the audience to respond appropriately .
So there &apos;s a feeling of being overwhelmed with decisions and a sense of awareness and uncertainty .
It also has traits and traits .
So here , if you can see we are very happy , because of the head of the imagination divided into two hands .
This is a short animation , like two brainstorms interact with each other to discover the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create our own stream or a network that sits in the living room and can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a certain perspective or a quarry in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and first on the road , and hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic boundaries and the other groups , as if the glider were physically constraining them down the road .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re crazy and they don &apos;t have any interest , as if they &apos;re curious and contented , as long as they &apos;re feeling the movement from view , and they &apos;re hiding behind the next wall .
So this project is a self-organizing project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of like a crime , but also tension , because it allows them to remain locked and tired , and worried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaboration with the City ETH building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took a movement trail out of our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to move back and forth .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slow , and in the first week , you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything , release the frog . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start with a click , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to hook up the highest surface , like a click under the skin .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s remarkable , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to bed , and there was no one word left . ( Laughter ) The only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do that — I walked through the city of students , I walked slowly up like a movie , and I printed 90 pages before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s awesome ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
I &apos;m a writer now .
I wrote a website called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain and indeed wireless , so I could compare them .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a little while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain Beach is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only care about two things : She &apos;s fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the mammals are just one more animal .
You have to remix , upset and upset the baby , and all that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Society of Defense — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take advantage of fun and easy things , like waiting for dinner or walking into bed , or enjoying the joyful staff .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get stuck .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not to do things that are common .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the Tamil game .
This is where freedom works when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t occur .
When the Beijing Progress Index begins the question of how do the retailers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the remote place where important things happen .
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal miner who , from the top , looks at it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one who fears the Big Bang .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we understand what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to join and start work now . &quot; &quot; And the Beagle said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do a Google Earth image , and let &apos;s bring India down to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to understand India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking away from it , and after a few seconds the system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember the Panikon Monster brings her breath — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And eventually , the Rational Society of Defense Fund can take steel and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first letter , and then , with a miracle of work , does not appear overnight and write eight pages .
The situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to do on the web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were fascinated , and they wrote about how the procrastination affected their lives , how the Beijing influenced their lives .
Why do people stay in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it than about laughter , shorter focus on terms .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of unsatisfaction and despair .
I understood why people wrote these sentences and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they were setting up a specific project .
This long-term attention made them look at their own lives .
They were angry not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they managed to get there .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no doomers .
Right ! I think all of you are atheists .
Maybe it &apos;s not as mundane as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s okay to use the terms , but remember : the monkey will slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially knowing that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look at this calendar a little bit more carefully .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we need to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
For the next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There is a man called Captain William Senison , who was recently accepted by the Congress of the Council of Liberty in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a blessing , scattered the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , through the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and captured this event .
In the paper , you can see Captain Seinson bringing a cold warrior , a lump of coal .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I want to know why there are no people around me that have that kind of behavior ?
On Versle , we give prizes to people who have chosen to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are willing to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all responded in one way : &quot; Because they would have done that for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s outdoor weather , and maybe the tiger with the wind , all of these forces work to reduce the lifespan of our lives .
So we target social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that something from a gentle perspective of danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to overcome your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tuna is created by the leader .
I was on my way to the airplane , and I became an emergency manager : The route was trying to get to the airplane before turning it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device treating him as a taxpayer , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I turned on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Listen .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or not work . &quot; &quot; Actually , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t need your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we &apos;re forced to spend time and force trying to get rid of each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline whenever they need , push their self-belief , the ability to attempt and push , and to make them do more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York . So this person says , when you have problems in the family , do you consider the opportunity to take one of your children away ?
Nobody does that .
Why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so outrageous , so outrageous , and so forth to the leaders of the bank who are getting unproportional rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve understood the intriguing rules of social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motor Teresa ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . none of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t teach anyway .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , made a very recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of her assignments .
In most of the manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We needed to pay 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government sat down to address the issue of openness .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
The heart of the workers , and the heart rate is much more difficult to minimize .
And he decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of unpaid leave .
Athropologists could choose whenever they were , not necessarily for all four weeks in a row .
He said that it would be better for everybody to blame for a little less than to blame anybody , and in that way he celebrated the labor &apos;s morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we don &apos;t get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of several warriors in the war zone , and as the warrior was accepted , the leader of the officer led the last , and let the first people take care of themselves , and they end up eating the food that they prepare for .
And when they came back to the park , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they value their ears to be safe only their people , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get natural responses — our people will pay for us .
They give their blood , their dress and their shame to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you open your blood , your appetite and your appetite for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key , that we move from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , rural communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city &apos;s borders , living with many possibilities , without speech , without culture and other barriers .
Throughout these journeys , my daughter complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s wrong . I find that .
Go find Calais .
Something that misses the mountain .
Please go and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world have a heart attack .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
Vacancies have to live inside their mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it does not , the child has a heart attack .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these particles is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t wear a hat was a green shower .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shock as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the heart of a child , they can be treated with it .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these huge problems .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter moves the rhythm into the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In winter and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it succeeds , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with our own mind , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
Skype is different than the living patient , because the anger between arteries is bigger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountain , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the stories of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of strong materials that would record shape .
It seems right now that auditory is empowering us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s only made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
It expands , it expands , it expands , it expands , and it expands .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we &apos;re fighting diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
This is a child in front of an operation .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it only takes 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the former community are part of our team — a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There are always a lot of challenges .
We get strength from our patients .
Their ability to quickly discover power and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for hours of survival , not for education or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child gets treated .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an idea that was impossible , and we would expand it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Motihad .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , walking along with a couple of friends &apos; ears and we got married in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t nobody criticize something you can put on the skin and not have to hurt it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are widespread under conditions like this , and the main thing for those diseases is called a trachoma .
This infection in the eye is trapped when the eye is blindfolded , and some of the infections that are lost can completely change .
This illness affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that to avoid severe infections , you have to avoid severe fever : no drugs , no pill , no infections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop than the Internet , except for how much I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds — I went to Wikipedia and Google on vacations ,
who looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , for the first time in the world
You climb onto the skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to build a product in a school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and I met several people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can introduce to markets . You can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They go through when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not go through all the spare cigarettes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started replacing DryBath on a small innovation .
Put it in half and print it out .
The fun part is that one replacement after five replacements occur .
When we created that model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DryBath on a daily basis . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We figured that this way you could grow 80 million liters of water every time you spend your treatment , you could also save two hours a day for kids from the neighborhood — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of global , we were able to define the underlying functions of our product , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t cheat .
What &apos;s stopping you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to push this envelope , and the crazy thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at a year &apos;s workshop and later went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I scaled up the white coat and saw several patients .
And over the course of a month , two things struck me .
I asked myself , are these encounters in the cost of taxation , or are we not forgetting patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have a health issue .
It &apos;s done a lot of national budgets .
And a lot of reforms are trying to minimize that growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are in some ways the targets of governments .
The most expensive health care solutions are made exactly by them .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are smart .
At BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of got a bit curious , and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s behavior , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we have in terms of &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment with our money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wedding dressed by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in the study was the profits that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find an incredibly good number , but the worse numbers are an absolutely huge number .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erick is suffering from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , it can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should re-use the sugar .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year or a year , or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting and talked about what the procedure they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operations were different .
Everyone claimed that &quot; &quot; my approach is better , &quot; &quot; but no one knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we can learn best . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the lab in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it will last a long time , and most patients will never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the national clinical practice .
Everybody saw that it made sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A few years later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing ? What &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an amazing improvement .
Over the years , Swedes surgeons have shown the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , decipher who is the best , start the study , share the data , find the best and the best .
Fast-forward .
But that &apos;s not the only part of the joy .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price on the equation , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been achieved at least , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the lab surgery , and a couple of years ago , there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. has been three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases , the United States has smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality of quality and assigning its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say , these numbers are incredible , but is everything logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they achieve by looking at the quality they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they &apos;re giving their patients is nothing better than what they &apos;re giving them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like recognition of others .
If a cardiologist calls up the next cardiologist at the other hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , GDP has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the International Consortium of Medicare .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the illness after the illness , which is really qualitative , what we should measure and make universal standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , medical artery illnesses , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show the paper clip .
This is the first time we compare data not only to countries inside , but to international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to study 40 percent of the cures .
Different things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors and nurses and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than what we &apos;re doing now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the session , the peak of the magazine stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the personnel into hospitals and elsewhere health care into a system , not a problem , but an important part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think that a modern-day medical assistant , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are driving the success of companies , how important functions are really to make the company work .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a firm , they can unlock the potential of people unlocked .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , to avoid some of my fears and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been doing business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I was selling solar panels on a bus stop , when I was in high school , I was doing solar panels on my university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were the most effective in the success of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
One , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the survival , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I would quote a boy named Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right and business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of generating revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down , that maybe it was the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea spread too early , and the world unprepared for it ?
Will you start , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these Ivy League , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we believed a lot of them , but they didn &apos;t .
I tried to resign all of these insights as to what it seemed like for companies to follow each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not idealably successful companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozoma , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company appeared only in the press department when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own arguments to remove their homes from strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were seeking expensive money , and it was very important .
From our previous success , Citysearch appeared when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , found out that companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website development firm .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add code to the web and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased 50 percent in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
And by the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that the experience is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope that this introduction may help you reach the highest levels of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , and I enjoyed going to college life , reading , having dinner , getting into college campuses .
I was feeling very unhappy , unhappy , unhappy , ashamed . I was afraid of other people , future , failure and despair that I felt inside .
I walked away from the seminar , and it all started , and I was lying on my shoulder , and I bent down my shoulder , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he spent days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded and , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my hidden emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , so the voice was angry .
After a while , a heavy conversation started , that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard him meant that there was something wrong with me .
I told my college doctor about my college days .
And then I became interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television department at a university district , and during one particularly frustrating conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , terrible sense of awareness , awareness and alienation for myself and my future .
When I was determined to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I basically shared aggressive before my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started listening to more voices , and these voices made me angry and awful .
Can you see that glass of water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of avoidance , of faith and faith , and it was a struggle in which I felt comfortable , unable to find a target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my hip had been highly underestimated .
I had all the unintelligible repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unexpected events .
Now , remembering those ugly years , it seems like something would have died , but something was saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by the person , but the person who delivered it from it was a bypass , and eventually brought it to the person that I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can break this down .
Sometimes it comes to the same grass , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to elongate all the good , elderly people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that voices seemed counterintuitive and funny , and it was necessary the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I believed before .
For example , the voices that propelled me to push my house , I taught them to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting in front of my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to be a real vote violation .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic chip , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each of these fragments had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back to the psychiatric area , but on the other hand .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing vote , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to the unintelligent environment , rather than the decline and the symptom of
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who is doing better for themselves .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing vote has established a website for listening in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to reduce the sense of humility and unity , giving powerful people who are addressing mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that fundamentally provides the road to unthinkable self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinct to cure himself , and the intellectual capacity to leverage that capacity .
In this view , societal peoples are no greater pride or privilege than their ability to help other peoples &apos; exit , to be polite and to raise their hands , to share the courage and give hope to survive .
We &apos;re special . We don &apos;t change .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets tired .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because , of course , these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography caught fire when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closed to my earlier passion for painting , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important for planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the ink .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do that .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process begins when you stop the maggots .
Photographs like this : road jobs are going on a long way .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to hold reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a short framework of thinking to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes the picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a floating surface .
It &apos;s actually not true , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a kind of a blend of reality , in which different parts of reality can range in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is something we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . The picture has to be consistent .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and all sorts of images , by translating photoreceptors into windows , by combining colors and shadow , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be constructed out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to those ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea of failure , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the joint .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Croaters are from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yeah , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So to achieve the realistic result , I think the main thing is design .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we collide , and we put together images .
And here , every part of this is very well thought , planned .
If it &apos;s successful at delivering the right frames , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The Panama Papers created a secret sauce , a dense office world .
Suddenly , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It is estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his childhood friend , a violinist .
There are more tickets that are concerned about the rise of new stories , about the rise of one more documents .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay their taxes , it is less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are making this public declaration phenomenal .
The media and political leaders are really concerned about how official space can be used to hide their smiles , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s happening .
Interestingly , this event did not corrupt the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are rich Americans who are hiding in the slow office .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Guinea or the Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
It &apos;s the privilege in America that makes school workers expand their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was only a preliminary meeting , no lawyers accepted it as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the students to separate .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So I wish that the Panama Papers would give us a glimpse of the openness of the open world for the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to turn around and say , &quot; Business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Johannes .
It turns out that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , is going to have to have more hidden documents than the entire world &apos;s particles combined .
Could it be ?
Juan Asanga : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so simple that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure the resource safety ?
JS : Well , you might say that these people are classic input recipients of information . There is no way they can give us information .
We use the latest encryption methods on the Internet to send material , without leaving tracks , while information is gathered in countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get the information from electronic tattoos , simple messages , or not , we check it out like a regular news agency , and we give it a shape — which is really hard to do , because language is about the overall distribution of massive amounts of information and our own separation of the laws and the political population .
CA : It &apos;s called , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we decide to do something about it , it &apos;s so hard to get the information as quickly as possible .
( Cheers ) After you .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious account that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old under Daniel and Moi .
He was the president of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this study , and together with one more attack , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information in front of the election , the National Voting Fund 28 .
We published the report three days later , when a new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to regret — Daniel Arp Moi — and so this report to President Kibaki became unacceptable .
CA : And by balancing it , you might say that information processing has been leaked to Kenya , not from the official media , but from the wrong media . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors in Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it could have been heavily discussed and the printing of Kenya .
This news on Kenyan television broadcast 20 Westerners , and , by the way , Kenyan grades , 10 percent changed the performance of the vote and loaded the election winner .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airport in Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this push is not for more sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody &apos;s rewarded .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after the other ...
I got it . All right . Great .
Tell me when you see them . Fear .
Excuse them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Cheers )
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; flying saucers , and we &apos;re still dancing .
I got it . I see them .
Two-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . OK , ahh . I beat them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : Well , it was true for those of you who did it .
We sent two people to Baghdad to follow the study of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? According to the two journalist Reuters .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global appeal .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of calibration , looking for wisdom to shake and kill the people who rescue haters .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , and they were working their own way .
K. Anderson : There was a U.S. Government analyst , Bradley Manning , who said that he had posted this video to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to a 5,000-pound prison and a 50-year-old search .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I &apos;ve been a big adviser in this embassy .
CA : If you had received a thousand cups of diplomacy from the U.S.
JS : We would have been looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the Arab country , definitely the damage of human rights in those countries .
Looking at these hidden frames , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about it .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information you can access to overmarkets .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
So that information that institutions can improve outdoor development and resources is a good brand , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , an organization that provides the information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , has a lot of embedded work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals , or to the whole of society , that information processing can actually produce unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I want to say that the politics of immunization is wrong .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources that provide information actually need to be done .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what would you say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out about the inexplicit motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yes , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change perception and perception of the people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is this a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem to you ironically that as you try to expand the secrets of others , you &apos;re secretly holding your own information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have resources that are the biggest resource in any other country .
If we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing what you &apos;re hearing from the TED audience .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the grandmother , the grandfather , who carries the light .
Or a dangerous predator .
What time is this big ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . You should be .
CA : This is the lion , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is the illustration of our work , the everyday activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a notebook took place in Albania a few oil fields just like the coast of Mexico , not that big a scale .
We got the answer — a certain kind of random engineering analysis , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil companies sprayed the building blocks .
That battle has been brought in , and part of the government of Albania has been brought in .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing about , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is going for itself .
So we put the documents in the country to say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it . &quot; &quot; And this week , we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to identify the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , the documents were pointed out .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , specifically to these guys writing letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from your GDP employees ?
JS : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intensive search and technical jobs going on .
So the numbers of us published in the last few months have come down , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in getting our basic systems right now .
The issue of scale of attention is overwhelming .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And what defines the opportunity — is there a lack of willingness to work as journalists , or is there a lack of fluid journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we are such an organization that is hard to grow fast , and it drives the way we treat it . We have to reframed it so that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and also the other , smaller information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I read that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get a pair of shoes .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young at the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I emailed a magazine that I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by a Russian mafia , wanting to remind you of your grandfather &apos;s crime .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we enlist them , maybe tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer why it happened .
But the basic values are that intelligent , wealthy people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about their families .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant people that I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So smart , smart people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — to avoid the crimes that are appropriate .
It &apos;s a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something searchable , along with the banks , and then the media came together to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
This has given you a great population in Iceland . What has happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we published the report .
And the national television station has been banned for five minutes until the transmission , and as a movie , it knows about friendship , and the readers are watching , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s happening here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on TV , our website was shown , and we were in Iceland , we were traveling , we were talking about these things .
There was a sense in society that this shouldn &apos;t change again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom enforcement , the greatest preserve journalists in the world , a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same as the Icelandic prime minister .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it will be — is the Big Bang even more distressing , will it be more secret , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process process process itself upset ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech in order to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can cause a very small movement , in our power to destroy one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you the audience &apos;s opinion , Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s move forward .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good morning .
My name is Ultrasound .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and artifacts .
Today , I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and made a new meaning today , talking about the issues that I have in Russia that include people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he shouts , and he doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has a purpose and a dream , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars of Sanskrit Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Hole from the movie , but I &apos;ve never seen his face .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be overwhelmed by women and to be seen as aggressive Huck .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Greek person , the person equal .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so many girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly woman , and I have no hope of rescuing .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield laid on its side .
But remember , the irony is compassion , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be friendly . Be ironic — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
Everything together , the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve to be community and nurtured .
And indeed , the implication is more social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts more like a game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had wedding receptors .
People woke up . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herooto , after 18 years , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a map narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the outcome .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Women who do not exist .
I &apos;ve experienced in my deep body what sleep is worth .
About two and a half years ago , I received a letter .
And I would hit the table , and I would hit the girl , and the right eye would shut down .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time , I was graduating from college with doctors , with researchers , and here I am to say that the road to productivity , a greater inspiration and a happier life is to mimic .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-dominated infidelity has become gender equality .
I was having dinner with a man who was treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had saved five , the dinner would have been a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for inflation .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really dressed in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss the tennis , I &apos;m going to miss a couple of clubs , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very engaged and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Dalai Lama were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t have been bankrupt .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would be left with a very bold and connected party , maybe the seed would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven or eight hours later , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what is good for us personally , what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what is best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to embrace and come up with some great ideas that inspire us , connect the needle and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of birds that I &apos;ve been using for centuries on the same goal .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were dismissed .
I started training independently and became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to open up the paintings , I brought the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not published .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But to create enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and too expensive .
I walked into the bush to walk , and I saw stars sprinting their websites in languages on the floor .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experienced skull was created by collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her glittering surfaces with every wind in my face constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classical classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later in Lebanon , and with the letters of the traffic .
I really loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from magic objects they would become the ones that could change ...
Back in India , we built a network of six and a half million handheld mazes , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term piece for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly low levels and low levels .
For two years , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet brushes , drought , weather , moisture and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the web above the glass in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 45,000 pounds of paper .
We had to design it so that it could move the grass with the sand and and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed the burqa for the American Defense Department , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the question — to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hands to clean sheets .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial browser , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of their manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could have translated that unique drink into a regular car operator to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years , and — we gave 50,000 feet to two children &apos;s birth .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost any kind of authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and fast .
Now it has meaning .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shut out the choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the heavens ...
My life wasn &apos;t the same anymore .
I want to create these skyscrapers for urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its staircase , I felt , was needed to be much easier than making the sculptures of the Web .
So we experimented with the fragmented particles of water to create a dry millimeter that could be formed by wind , and in the experiments it explained , and also people who could be able to participate in all of those cases without discrimination .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway street on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an X-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Cultural and ideas , the hero of the Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine the tune of the 35-wind tunnel and their collective in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami disappeared across the Pacific .
It has crushed the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the melting of the planet , and yet it has shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which represents the microseconds that the Earth Day passed .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual , using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny little network of materials , 15 times cheaper than a canvas .
This sculpture was already intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design complex networks like this and model them in terms of the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my creative Times Magazine or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
What they haven &apos;t been able to fund yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing a glimpse into many cities around the world where they &apos;re needed the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create these intricate structural scaffolding of the size of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
Let me close with this story .
A friend of mine called me Phoenix , the city .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never considered a museum of local art , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced himself to go under this sculpture .
With the costumes attached to the green , there were wind turbines , surrounded by strangers sharing toothbrush finding ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from one another .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : No doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected through all of our senses , and it creates a multiplicity of images about what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
