By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people realize is that they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really deep meaning to explore .
And what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and a technology journalist , who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that came out immediately after he died .
This is what he wrote as an assumption .
He said , &quot; &quot; Well here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the web .
And I asked him earlier that when my body finally turned off from my fears of cancer , that my family and friends had turned this message that I had written — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Now , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive may have been written better and more careful than most people , but in fact , all of us today are cre@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million Tumor Treating Fields are sent every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of houses , or a grandparent who lives in a box somewhere .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few calls that are set up for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media reports after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me afterwards when I was signed up in a New York restaurant at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Miracle : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but any time , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidia , even before I can .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook as you die .
The next one is called 1,000 Prisons .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of video from home .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content is going to be possible — TVs , pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , thanks to the exact amount of content that we create and technology can do this in a meaningful way .
We can see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you tweet to make predictions , what you might say in your next news .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be very symmetrical .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are improving .
To put that in perspective , the MIT media lab works to manage the robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a human being , with the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
Finally , consider this famous stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN had just passed the CNN literally — a hip hop artist in his study specifically interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our worlds — connecting them in a very similar way as in life , in the entire content that this person created before they were still alive .
I think this can be entirely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand both exponentially expanded .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this is about , the definitions of life , and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them restoratives .
These are people who made a career out of careers to care for the elderly who grow up , to pursue personal interests or personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , retirees , returns to work , or return to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard for the missing relationship between workers and restaurants .
When people see the benefits of people in their lives , we describe them as the great risks , and the people who go through their careers can doubt their skills to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
And it &apos;s this issue of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore has recently written about nurses returning to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career break , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California who returned to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated with the phrase &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; which was different for people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled with it .
And Mary wrote that there was a five-year-old mother who loved being at home , but after the trip , she had to go back to work , and not only that , she really wanted to get back to work , because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything on demand .
She was looking for funders or bureaucrats , and she spent the last nine months studying companies online and running for jobs without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy Show in January of 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I said she had to go to the public and look for work and tell everyone knowledge that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that don &apos;t happen anywhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a soldier of those who finally get off the job . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me chasing my mic from day to day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great temptation for self-worth to connect with these people and to hear their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career breakfast .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;m constantly following the news as I was growing up at home as my four little children .
So I was afraid that I was going to start talking about companies that no longer exist .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it properly for six months , from the beginning to the end , and I felt that I had an understanding of what was going on in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the empowerment of workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less educational or partnerships .
We live a life of success .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the intersection of our work .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we haven &apos;t had it for a while .
The other side of the medal , when I talk to workers , is two concerns that workers have when they call restoratives .
First , workers are really excited about restoratives being driven by technology .
I can say , I was also technologically challenged , it &apos;s just about being .
I &apos;d been doing a financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers expect them to come to work with their basic desktop management tools .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worries about restarters is that they don &apos;t worry about restarters knowing what they want to do .
I say to the repositories that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a working job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the worker what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started noticing something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started noticing the possibility of short-term payment , whether or not you call it a surprise , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; started a collaborative reintegrating program .
I watched as the return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , ran into the initial surveillance program in the war , and then got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities integrating curriculum into the middle career .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s in a paper in the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Sense . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old college graduate student .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have a reintegrated agenda for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people .
These institutions are trained , and people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering companies are trying to reintegrate the reintegrating agency programs for engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Engineering Field .
Why do companies choose to reintegrate ?
Because institutions allow the workers to take real-world examples of work , stop talking to them , and the worker doesn &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the stop is over .
This testing process removes the so-called risks that the leaders take into account the repositories , and they attract great candidates who become great suits .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing rebels .
But now , not only are we designing programs for repositories , but we can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career readers .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their return to work was given to me by their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no doubt that there can be no five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , that &apos;s the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the folks that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father in her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of the bureaucratic administration in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this would all be more successful , but there was nothing to guarantee .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was worse than 10 minutes away from her house .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this amazement and hope for the best .
Well , she celebrated all their challenges , and the company not only offered her a lasting job in the beginning of 2012 , but made him more interesting and more complicated , because she knew what Tracy could do .
And in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They undertook her master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
The Three Year &apos;s work was an attempt , just as it turned out , and all this ended up in the front both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the institution as much as possible .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of coming to other repositories .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get a serious view of the environment using ...
Using crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
Maybe a little bit of blood pressure .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go through — I &apos;ll spend the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the top male .
Well , the answer is yes .
Then , it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , and you can make a challenge .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of boredom .
The same is true of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sit Play . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my own weird tool kit , always asking me to do something for it , as if I were the continuity of his body : turning on the light or bringing on a glass of water , a pack of cigarette .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He &apos;d put up his arrowheads , and I would expect that I would find a number for him .
So as the answer and the gift of my box , I made &quot; &quot; Sit down . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s two people using it .
Just like my box uses a single person &apos;s phone .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his proposition .
So I made him an golden writing machine that he could send his instructions to his sons and daughters around the world .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and print his elbow and print the paper .
This device automatically sends out a letter to the person with an email address .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical connection .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and obscure about the ritual value , like my box and likes it .
The next piece is a soundscape installation , which we deeply call &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are overwhelmed with a very friendly , sentient and loving genome .
Here &apos;s how it works : we put plates on the wall , and there are little farmers behind them .
And when it &apos;s all around the event , they kind of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they turn off their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we placed these tiles on a three-room wall .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small swimmers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of escape from the waist .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become transparent to the sounds of disbelief .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
You &apos;ll hear the trauma they don &apos;t react to .
( Gunshot ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . And then you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were really trying to make them live .
So each cheese is self-behavior , psychology , desire pathways , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll get it better later .
We got them to respond to people , but we noticed that the people next door became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of cameras , we &apos;ve developed a software that allows cameras to follow people around the room and change one of their phones , and make them invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a rendered video , where the camera turned it into a blind eye .
Sun goes into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and sweeping it out .
This is a very early video that we haven &apos;t solved yet to solve problems , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s bounced into space , and then we put the monitors on each wall .
And as soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as the group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sleep Horse . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s notice of oil or sunlight .
And by the way , this object looked very strong and tense , and in between , it was very smooth .
So people would come into the room , and they wouldn &apos;t pay attention to him , and they would think that was just something unnatural .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he would take them down to the top of the wall .
And then eventually they would get sick and tired .
( Laughter ) This work is translated into human cartoons .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it kind of sounds like it &apos;s grown into a shape , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It weighs around the head like a headache , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If there was no circle there , and the floor would be very equal , it would be missing all space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People walked into the room , the object activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , like a pain replacement , it gets repair , and it looks like I &apos;m going to turn it around .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional willingness to run for him to help him save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because at the end , he sort of asks himself again .
So this was a real technical challenge for us , and so we worked hard and hard , and actually a lot of our work to try to combine mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that he could turn it upside down , it would be damaged , but if he didn &apos;t turn it upside down enough , he would not reconcile the sense of inevitability , so he didn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we &apos;re testing for this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now he &apos;s getting worse , so he &apos;s going to keep making it worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself is changing .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in , working with the aesthetics of steel , looking at all sorts of different screens and stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the spacecraft that was contained in the back .
Our idea was to reconcile something as cold , as distant and as abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a rainbow , that feels so close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were looking at this shape as a ball and realizing it more like a hole in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And that &apos;s the final piece , still being made , called &quot; &quot; Space Out of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , sitting in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach it , enjoys putting yourself in a circle that is both taller and eight-legged object .
So this object is continually expanding and intracting , and it &apos;s keeping dynamic relationships with people around it — trying to protect mystery , or whatever .
We work a lot with techniques , but we actually don &apos;t like them , because she gets nervous for years .
But we use it , because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it looks like the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what model it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that you use , the relationship , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this happens throughout our lifetime .
I &apos;m sure that one day , this will be in the history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is , online , there are problems , very serious problems , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my entire career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a three-and-a-half inches long disk hidden by the Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
All right .
This is the flying saucer sector , and if we look closely , we can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says , 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of a promising race .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of phones and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or the road to this building , which is the 730 Backs of Allah Iqbal in the city .
I knocked on the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting there .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt this thrill for realizing that both Basin and Amjad computers were also hired hundreds of times over , completely unconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to see in the 1980s , and clearly in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you a few examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve laid down a system here that allows me to launch the old software on the modern computer .
So now let me make some tools virtually . Here we go .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old , that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you turn around , the men will walk around behind your screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus created the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teenagers .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labor , to follow the circles of viruses around the world .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I join our labor system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found in the face called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they work from those viruses .
This would be grouped as — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a website that works in Massachusetts , where these guys are crossing open computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hide Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — to somebody else &apos;s computers — to these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be cybercriminals .
&quot; &quot; The bloggers &quot; &quot; quietly hides in your computer and records everything you print .
So you &apos;re sitting next to your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every single Google search for words that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and taken to prison .
The same is true of every single one of your secrets and so forth .
But what they &apos;re looking for is the sessions when you go in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you go to an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s a famous example that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power time , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to the other person &apos;s credit card information , you can link to the Internet and buy this information whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a vast market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also went to the INTERPOL headlines , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had a surgery called the U.S. , a cybercriminal record surgery , where they had millions of them .
They &apos;re both getting stuck .
Nobody knows where they are .
And just a few weeks ago , the U.S. government issued a note from the Swiss bank that owned by Jain and at that bank there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that online crimes can allow themselves to invest in the future attacks .
We know that cybercriminals do the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and have responsible systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to get rid of all the protections that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also utilizing the global characteristics of the Internet .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which is supposed to be coming out of Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when it &apos;s just trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They &apos;re changing from one country to another , from one jurisdiction to the other — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving out free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So , criminals who have never been able to get us there , now can .
So , are we wandering around the Internet looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is a one-stranded file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file that has been buried in it .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the profile of this painting — this is the anchor of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was punctuated by the XOR function 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so pissed off .
And we can go over here and actually blow it up .
Well , part of the yellow code is now wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can see an online address : unionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden entry through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep hacking the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , as if it were written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I was trying to figure out what he meant .
So I threw it away .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few Russians in the labyrinth labor , and one of them said the head is red like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and automobiles and things like that .
So I started looking for contact in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian who &apos;s been on the Internet for a couple of years now , who has his private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s pretty nice enough for a 20-year-old child from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Santa Peterburg , he got in the other car .
And he put up photos of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Mars is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I was a lawyer , I would say , &quot; &quot; It was over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercriminals on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not the result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot defeat them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they screwed up .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical control frame .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
The PLC , the little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , the keyboard that &apos;s programmed , put in its place and do its job .
For example , livers in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on that risk that we should not take away from .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , the maker of food , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We need to have some way of working , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think of all the services that we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you didn &apos;t regret them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I don &apos;t worry that we &apos;re dealing with problems with cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life on a safe network , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t address cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that are making millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire supplies .
What &apos;s really important is that it truly is a gathering of people who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and my friend and I were on our way from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling the highways across national parks and national forests — literally the longest-running path that we could take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally transmits the mimic of her face .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these little signs that we see in Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just turned to me for a few moments , and then she laughs , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs were scorned . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when things like this happen , and what all of this can mean about human nature .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my convictions here , I am in time , all of a sudden the awareness of this abstract misconception of failure coming out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The real thing is that the real time is where we live .
In real time , we go to meetings ; in real time we spend engaging with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote in real time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get stuck in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get out of that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on these rights ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m going down , I &apos;m not sorry — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to perceive that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be uplifting , it can be downloading , actually , it can be ridiculous , as my fool mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make it feel bad .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where the legs were still running and never recovering the bird &apos;s running ?
Almost every time in this movie theater there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the jar , that &apos;s good , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after it &apos;s broken .
And the funny thing — at least , if you &apos;re six years old — is that your leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until that — we are like that foot after he jumps out of poverty and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re already in the game , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cusp .
So in fact , I should point out what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we &apos;re wrong about something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Consider briefly the premise of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the bill , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , that &apos;s not the case .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of the child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never does homework .
So by the age of nine , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are accurate , irresponsible , and second , that in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I suspect a lot of us in this room — deal with that simply by becoming idealistic little decades , idealistic , makeshift .
Really , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathons ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are CEOs of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except that at the time , we &apos;re terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel smart , responsible , willful and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She gets painted , the surgeons do their work — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body restored ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body restored , because the surgeons had a serious surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of the Health Leadership of Israel talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the essence of the story that too much of the belief that you &apos;re right on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we finally add things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil spill into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are simply revealing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t like you ?
It turns out that most of our people explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do is something that somebody doesn &apos;t like us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we share that information more closely with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as we do , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it purely because of the individual angular goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This inclusion of our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us behave terribly with each other .
But what makes me sad and sad about this is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we &apos;re all doing it a little bit differently , which is why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and so does that .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
In 1200 , until Doctor said a famous phrase : &quot; I think , it &apos;s called , I am . &quot; &quot; In Augustine , he sat down and he wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Kill , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something we can cheat or lose .
This is the absolute core of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re comfortable trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and our creativity and our shame .
In recent years , for some reasons , I &apos;ve been covering the story of a lot of public radio show on &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
And then they make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I remembered that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , it really is .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As creators of the crowd , we joke that every single one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen to one , and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories feel convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , are missing .
We like things like static curves , mishints and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen alone , and instead everything else happens .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find so many weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his entire life , until he was too old and under condition and he was going to be able to transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school love , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about the thing that everybody was missing , the audience who would never come .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but you know , why do we need all of this innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that have been most committed to thinking and changing the world — TED , 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So , we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , are amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to go outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair came into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Meir and Khan , the leader of Jewish life .
Luckily , those plans were measured by the FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Eventually , he was devastated by his participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I say that when people collaborate with each other , they realize that we want the same things in life don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he signed me up and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to a camp in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
And on that last day , my celebrated goal ended up with a little orange light on top of the target and everything , and particularly to me , all the targets had collapsed .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same wish to kill my father .
These people ended up sticking aside 650 kilograms of output and leaving at lower levels of stocks , at the heart of the global trade center in the north tower , creating a disorder that killed six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I was hearing .
The people I called amum what is the box .
Over time in my classroom being a new face , I often followed my experiences .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the 2000 presidential elections .
My group was focused on the death penalty between the young , because I was the victim of a large part of my life , and this was especially exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and if I was honest , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier that was considered most of my life unbearable .
The other major step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden factory .
There I was showing all the belief and cultural people , and this experience was central to the education of my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
In the industrial park , I got a chance to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
My childhood experiences with experiences made me feel empathy for others , and I find it uncomfortable with good people not the way I would like them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes I had learned as a child with a life-saving and life-saving experience .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; This Day . &quot; &quot; The following was by Jon Stewart , who was offering me to be open to myself on my own fanaticism , and it helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I absolutely needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in places that are unexpected , and the realization that the gender comedian has made me a more positive outcome than the father of my extremist , I &apos;m not a cousin .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my worldview , and she said what I would hold near my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;ve struggled to hate people . &quot;
At the time , I realized how much effort it would take to keep the self hidden .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself at risk ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I was involved in this terrible , implausible ideology , I was not allowed to be a fan .
Instead , I have chosen to use my experience to advocate for terrorism against fantasy .
I &apos;m doing this because of the caves of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to you before these uncompassionate acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my dad .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no targets .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I quickly ran up and tried the other doors and the windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night , because in the morning I had an old rope in Europe , and I needed my companion and my camel .
And as it got cold and cold , I found a big rock , and I blew up a corridor window , and I took out glass ceiling , and I found myself in the middle , and I found a piece of cardboard and I threw it in the middle , and I thought that morning , when I got into the air , I could call the master to repair it .
It &apos;s going to be cheap , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a sandwich shooter in the middle of the night , so I thought , by the circumstances , it would be something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartograph that reinforces heart failure , it changes adrenaline levels and it challenges thought .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back into the air bank , and I said , but they had given my place to someone else , and so he pulled me back to the head of the airplane next to the toilet , to a seat that didn &apos;t come back at eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect things from so bad ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was lying down , I was telling him about his expanded window and how I forgot his passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , and it &apos;s called a study of contemporary disgust .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When the unfortunate happens , the team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some of them are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Remove the place for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science about how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years , to be able to track important things — where the shadow is , where you can find fish , the shadow of the trees where the friendly and the contrary is living .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winners to find their shops .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid juice , and they still found puzzles .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re using a perfect brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that don &apos;t move at all , and not very well for moving things .
And therefore we lose sight of the machine , or the eye-reading and the reading .
So take your place in your house — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative piece .
The world is a particular table .
The desks are a specific table .
If you divide the space and you really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , your passenger &apos;s license , send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or affordable , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when your brain is stressed out , your brain is divided up .
The box is boring , it makes it hard to think .
So part of the preparedness for recent analysis is is to understand that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we &apos;ll all end up in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about whether we &apos;re treating our treatment or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical condition .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , and even to financial or social decisions — but to any kind of decisions that rationalize rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the lab results , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the highest risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your state . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about statins , and they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to stay .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s guilt , if anything is for that and courage , it would be scientists like me .
We haven &apos;t fully understood the mechanisms underlying it .
But GlaxoSmithKlin calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you have to leave most of the time to the standard , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to solve one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug to take years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another request , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : the next pain of muscle and neck pain , the development of tar and paper — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is successful , five percent of those 300 have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get your medication more than to help .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a stick or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so that you can tell whether you want to take the risk , or not .
Now you may think I &apos;ve taken this number from my head to remove you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep going .
Most surgery , for men over 50 , is the number of lifespans you need to stay 50 .
Yes , 49 surgeries were done while removing one person .
And the country affects 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their hidden away .
And if you &apos;re lucky , and you &apos;re one of those who means that , maybe it &apos;ll only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about issues before the event that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You really don &apos;t want to think about it all at once .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a length that can bring much pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the horror of the event , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need a burning system , or a burning system , or an immune system , because if the body of these things collapses its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react quickly , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that comes out of the window as stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues showed .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We &apos;ll all be wrong someday .
The point is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have effective ways of reducing evil , or taking the path to bad things .
Going back to that Saturday afternoon , when I returned from my trip , I wrote down a master &apos;s deposit list next to my doorstep , with a stack of front doors , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a pile of postcards that I didn &apos;t paint and a pile of postcards that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of scientists in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an unlivable space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same background as the current rule in the middle , two radio waves .
In 1957 , October 4 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then create a new planet called Sputnik .
In ancient times , travelers like Vaska and Gama and Columbia were fortunate to discover new land .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And this is the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at the excerpt from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he shaped America .
After the break , Sputnik created the whole thing .
A human being made up of the moon , seen by ordinary people , held a respect and a sense that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Redwood Day , &quot; &quot; the media and politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our ancestors had influenced us in science and technology , and that they could now put us on a waterbomb by putting Sputnik .
And then the whole summary began .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest American crimes , compared to Perl Harbor , and 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the emergence of rockets .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s about the space shuttle .
In the last few years funding for Congress , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 atomic weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national security trailed when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were lying underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik has also made some wonderful changes .
For instance , some of you here got a scholarship in science just by Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , science and education , dramatically increased .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change what seems to be a very disadvantageous situation to what the average American has even benefited .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use thank you to one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank all of you .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , during my first TED Conference .
The third transformation is less visible .
Is it all there ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , heads , eyes .
We all know these simple everyday things .
They were often told that they were going to be replaced by war whites .
These things were found in mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the body would reinvent mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever discovered .
During the four cold conflicts in Bosnia in the early 1990s , around 30,000 people , most of whom were killed and displaced , and 100,000 more were killed in cardiac operations .
The Industrial Rights law enforced several fears of human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and ultimately the same idea that they had ever existed , perpetuated .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be posters — there are no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than their bodies or our easily melting memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they discover things that the mosquitoes carry with them to the venue of execution , they &apos;re evenly distributed , analyzed , put into the list and safe .
Thousands of rectangles are packed into white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Expertise uses these things as a tool for the earthquake to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable instance in the realm of war crimes in prison .
The rest of life is sometimes asked to figure out why these things belonged , in terms of them , but it &apos;s an extraordinarily complex , ineffective and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardened or are merely trapped by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object in order to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people a little bit more .
And maybe in this way somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , unforgiving memory of what happened .
These pictures are of our understanding of each other , and the recognition of these things makes us realize a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; expert on justice , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals are met , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I went through these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had set out to photograph every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give away a lot of happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to achieve these projects , we &apos;re mostly working on intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have on each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Way .
The viewer sort of walks into the room and immediately touches these plates immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the eye of a poster is watching them , and they seem to break down and stop in a frozen symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And it reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 18th century , the alphabet letter and the other , about 100 years old , the Composition of Maya abstract .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest board is about two meters high .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is the A4 form .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes like an open viewer in space , and it becomes lovely and self-serving as they are , like , perceiving being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of sustainability between the boxes , but it can also be quite honest that the boxes themselves are keeping the rules for getting them to settle as if they were applied to the viewer .
It brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can either go ahead and see that it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a letter sheet of paper , which is held by both sides by two small hands , and those hands are held together by both sides and reflection in the medium of a small portion .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture is moving very , very slowly , as if these two hands are trying to hold the page of the paper while they &apos;re not touching it for a long time , and they &apos;re not successful .
So this instability , we &apos;re moving very reminiscent of the instability by video by hand .
So here I &apos;m going to show you two clips after one .
One is through an unmovable camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable image image reveals itself to the viewer and subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and replaced the movement on the board .
Here &apos;s the video .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to reduce the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , it &apos;s a small human being with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of a breast mass , having to do this service , and very delicately presenting this piece of paper to the front .
Another job is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a body of clothes , two hands , and a very tall instrument , a head , and his only purpose is to attract his attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leans in between and moves his arm further and further apart as the person rates .
These are the first scenarios .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is , when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate maker &apos;s body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as if they &apos;re making an object and giving us a little bit of distance with their image .
And therefore , it &apos;s a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need us to pay attention to , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Flipping . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
With an amphitheater shape , his shape was made out of the size of the auditorium as the person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at this size , and the audience is sort of taking the full view .
There are 96 little figures in the audience .
They &apos;re learning mechanically to plan on their own choice .
It means that each one of them can decide whether and when they want to pay , how strong and how long they want to be done around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a couple of complaints or threats , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks off the stage , and the audience react again .
It can be anything from a few weightlifters in the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating quite complex and diverse musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there is a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and unity .
It also has a springboard and a spade .
So here , if you can see we are very happy , because of the head of the image sharing in two hands .
This is a brief animation , as if two brainstorms are reunited with each other to discover the meaning of spirituality and tenacity .
And here you see the prototype .
So we &apos;re not thinking when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , so this is the last project . We call it the Race Strip .
It comes out of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create our own range or a network that sits in the room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures living on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like diving into a particular perspective or landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and first along the way , and hidden away for two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shape of the comic boundaries and the neon clusters , as if the lander had physically constrained them to travel .
We like the idea that these shapes dance around like they &apos;re fixed , and they don &apos;t have any interests , like they &apos;re restless and satisfied , until they get the movement from view to view and they hide behind the nearest wall .
So this project , for us , challenges the opposite .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grid grid , which is kind of a prison grid , but also a grid , because it allows them to survive for the businesses and the nails and the concerns about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a fairly concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful at working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement strings from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the head to the movement of the movement and the movement at first sight .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits into my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps work in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough that later on in a difficult day , you &apos;ll expect everything to slow down . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal work wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put in the top of my head as if I &apos;m going to squeeze underneath the surface .
Isn &apos;t it hard to fit in ?
There &apos;s nothing special about it , right ?
But the strange thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and still not a single word , and the only way for me was to write 90 pages in 72 hours , not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , slowed down like anyone else , and I prayed ahead of the end of the day .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was bad , a very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s great ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was really bad .
Today , I am a writer online .
I wrote a blog called &quot; &quot; Wait for Why &quot; &quot; .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain , and it would damage my brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There is a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang likes , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workshop for any serious work .
The great Mountain Bear is not the one to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , that works great .
( Laughter ) And humans are just one more kind of animal .
You have to de-animate , count and keep birth , and all of that in your life would change .
But if you notice , we live in a different time .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Decisions Program , which allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a shared picture .
And he wants us to do the best we can .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like putting on your dinner companion or screaming in a bed , or enjoying a conversation with a poet .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are difficult and not that kind of pleasant things called a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call it the Dark Ages .
This is what happens in freedom when the activity of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When Everybody runs the monkey , the question is , how do the monkeys end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of dark areas where the important things happen ?
It turns out that the payload has a carbon sink , which from top views it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , it &apos;s the only one that the monkey feared .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree with everything , but let &apos;s get a Google Earth image to be 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When it turned four for six months , then — two , and then one , the TED people decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web and I saw my face , my connection to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts going off , and after a few seconds the whole system is played out chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember the Panic Monster brings her pain — oh my goodness , she &apos;s gone !
And ultimately , the Rational Vice President can take the vote , and I can start writing the language .
Panic Monster explains all the uncrypted behavior , such as something like me can &apos;t write for the first two weeks , and then with the miracle in my work , the full night and written eight sheets .
This situation with three characters is the reflection system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were frustrated and written about how the painting affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people end up in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term focus is less observation , less talked about it than about laughing , short term procrastination .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re rushing around with a particular project .
This perennial proclamation made them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there were no readers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as immortal as some of us are — ( Laughter ) — and maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life week .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look seriously at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because everyone in life is paying attention to something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows are not that much , it &apos;s the work that we should start doing today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
For the next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Synson , who was recently voted under the Medal of Congress for his role in September 8 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken down the road to a medical evacuation facility .
The amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of the kidney , one of the evacuation physicians in the country had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
This is a picture of Captain Synson bringing together a destroyed war , leaving himself into the neck .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
This is a man &apos;s love , and I wanted to know , why is it that there are no people around me that are doing this ?
On the vertical axis , we give prizes to people who are choosing to thank others for allowing us to benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
And therefore they serve in the military .
Those better people are more likely to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we call heroes , who were willing to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why would you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
And that &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is hard because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the flow of our lives .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call safety rates , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was natural — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
What that means is that at night , I can rise up and I can believe that somebody from a gentle background is safe .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can enable your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only thing to change is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important , because tunas create leadership .
One plane took me on a journey , and I became an early warrior : the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I reached it with numbers , and I watched as he was working on a commitment device treated him like a crash .
He was scared to try to get a little too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you act with us as humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she would say a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can get to the stage or not get to work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
I don &apos;t believe in my boss .
We like to talk to the Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are bad , we are forced to take time and power away from each other and essentially destroy our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it need to be that way ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , the ability to try and push back , and to make them more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of the Next Jump company . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York , so this person tells you that when you have problems in your family , are you empowered to leave one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
Why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released for the wrong tasks .
That &apos;s why so many people feel so instinctively dissatisfied and proud of these banks that they are receiving inproportionate comparisons and awards .
The core is not in the numbers .
And the key thing is , they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They violated social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the 150 million dollar prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa Prize ?
Would we suffer from it ? Of course not , none of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t thank anyway .
They name numbers .
They would count on the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company vastly influenced the recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of her sentence .
In most of the manufacturing business , that means a lot of it , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force out .
They had to pay 10 million dollars , so like most current companies , the government would ask for advice .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s a lot harder to reduce heart numbers to people .
It was decided to do a launch program .
All the workers , from the secretary to the chief , were asked to leave the four weeks of unprepared leave .
Atheist , they could choose anytime and not necessarily every four weeks in a row .
He said that it was better for everybody to blame for a little bit than anyone to blame for , and in that way he celebrated the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not following those people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several warriors in the war zones , and as the warrior was accepted , the head of the officer was eating the last and letting their people speak for themselves , and they were left to eat the food supply chain .
And when they come back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their dress and their shame to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your razor and your razor for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they would all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survivor at the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has happened as I &apos;ve helped them work in remote , rural areas communities .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand the life beyond the borders of the city , the life with many possibilities , without speech , cultures and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained the Kiplingo line , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find that out .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountain .
Pamma and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; And after that , I became a medical student .
One in a hundred children born worldwide has a heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
The parents must survive inside the mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a heart attack .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t land in the rain was the green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of letting go to our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Rice is a crowded lake .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt at creating this huge problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter is moving rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this inspiration moment , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our own success , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
A high-end patient is different , because the coal in the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We went back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Around the years , local women used to tell stories by writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery to help us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we created a design that was made out of hard materials that recorded shape .
It seems that audiences right now allow us to create a rotting device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s made up of only one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to settle .
As you can see , the device comes into the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the hill .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s at the right place and it &apos;s producing holes .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we battle diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it only takes 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful for both medicine and human beings .
And we &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , the team , thanks to having intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to acquire strength and courage lead to creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for purpose or access .
So we need to start with a one-size-fits-all model .
We give one tool not enough to make sure every child gets treated .
We &apos;re in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , that we would spread it , really : not one child would be killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the sun .
The sun beats the wind well .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is harming something that you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to wash ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I &apos;ll buy something . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is to be called deafness .
It &apos;s considered that infection in the eye is caused by the naked eye , and some of the infections that are lost can totally cut off .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid life-saving infections requires that you don &apos;t need drugs or pesticides or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I had no more than a laptop than a trustworthy Internet , just as much as I used in a 20-story coffee shop — I
That looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my cell phone , I was the youngest person ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t Think ! &quot; &quot; ) — a lot of nothing needs to be added — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first ever to change the scene .
You climb onto the skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to build a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a number of people , and we got practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to markets , and it &apos;s a product that you can eat .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t deserve products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the replaced cycles , and he uses one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more timely .
So we started replacing DryBath as a small innovation replacement .
It passes through and it presses .
The fun part is that one replacement stands for a five-choice education .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even richer parents want to use DriBath in the bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We figured that this way you could save 80 million liters of water every time you spend breastfeeding , you could also give two hours a day to kids in rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of global , we devised the definition of the key functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor man is the necessity of life .
We tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with a global community help , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience in Limpopo , on Fifty pounds a week , I &apos;d save the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best entrepreneurial student in the world , the first African to pay for this bill , and the strange thing is that I appreciated it because I didn &apos;t like to pay . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on sabbatical and later returned to the medical school that I attended .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I &apos;ve been a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve been looking at white coat and seeing real patients .
And two things struck me about this last month .
I asked myself , are you going to come up with this kind of emission reduction , or are we going to forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have health issues .
It &apos;s made up a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that amount of growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get compressed , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of government .
The health care solutions that are highly valuable are made by themselves .
You select a coat lab , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by lowering the freedom of the doctor &apos;s office , you can lower and lower .
And finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my other colleagues are silent .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize healthcare systems ?
And we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; treatments relate to our money spent .
This was nicely described in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg in the book .
In this picture , you see my wedding followed by three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look at quality , and one of the things that was most exciting about our research was the overload that we saw .
Compared to a country of hospitals , you can find that it &apos;s incredibly good , but the numbers of bad are significantly higher .
The differences were dramatic .
My wife Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can travel to Germany , making good healthcare systems .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he &apos;s not going to have a damage is about 50 percent , so he should start using the sun again .
It &apos;s like doing a coin — 50 percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a month or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference seven times .
And when we look at a lot of different diseases in hospitals , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Data often doesn &apos;t exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who were gathering together during the year and were talking about what procedures they were using in the lab .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal workshops that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operations were different .
Everybody was worried that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one really knew it , and he accepted it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know and learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked about two years : &quot; What &apos;s the quality of the lab in the lab ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly realized that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold , it repairs quite a long time , and most patients never need a second surgery .
They &apos;ve transported data , and it &apos;s changed the country &apos;s clinical practice .
Everybody saw that was significant .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would jump to each other to learn — it &apos;s an amazing improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , the guardians , who are the best , they start the research , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
The permanent improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only exciting part .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the effect of price performance , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved the quality have also experienced the least expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s take a look again at the history of lab surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. accounts were three times larger than Sweden .
We looked at OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases , the prevalence of the United States is less than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurement and decrease its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the United States 500 million dollars a year .
This is 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are unbelievable , but although it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The next health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that they have in common is that they care about what they do , given the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if anyone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to accept others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the next hospital , and they discuss why that other hospital gets better and better , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see in this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community , in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
With two academic establishments , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
You &apos;ll say that the crash here is not a crash , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the International Consortium of Health Acts .
We bring together the best doctors and the patients , the diseases under the illness , who are really qualitative , what we should consider and turn to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , drug artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show you the work stream on this laptop .
This is the first time we compare data , not only in the country but also in the international space .
In the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the birth of disease .
Like two things . Which one is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest medical school in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly achieved for quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing about childcare .
We asked , how can we measure the quality of the day ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much enthusiasm .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the gyre stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing properly . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not only costly , but also the results that patients see , we can make personal patients in hospitals and elsewhere health care , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical advisers , the Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the most surprising findings that are driving the success of companies , what are the effects that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , you can unlock the potential of the unlikely people .
They can achieve incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why do they cheat so much ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain methodological , to avoid some of my experiences , and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been doing business for 12 years now , when I sold a sanitary pad in a bus stop when I was in high school , I made solar power plants when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at which facts were the most successful of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the achievement , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote the poor man of Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s the right thing for business .
The mastery of the team shows her ability to adjust to the touch of the customer .
The client is the real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of generating revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it started to melt away that maybe it had the most impact on success .
And then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies would get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea arise too early , and the world not ready for it ?
Are we going to start , but we still need to learn the world ?
I went to see 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , the Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reframe all of those definitions , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
And then I looked at an unbelievable success , not in the ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; Kozmo , &quot; &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
The intelligence companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I was trying to look at the activities that were most committed to the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time has been important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just at the end of the recession , when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people to put their opposites back home to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The airplanes were looking for extra money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysarch emerged when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for reasonable ways to attract wealth .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of a peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the data online , add the code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally pulled out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of coding solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased 50 percent in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So to summarize , it really matters .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and in doing something wonderful in this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , a happy start in my undergraduate life , reading , dinner , getting into my students &apos; laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy , uncomfortable , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the sin I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I was planning on my own tape , and I was recording my own tape recorder , and also hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the classroom . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting all to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded , and even after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I was sleeping frequently because I was angry , then the voice was annoyed .
After a while , the heavy conversation started , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it , it meant that something was wrong with me .
I talked to the doctors of my own universe .
And then I was hopelessly interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television station on students who were transferring news to the university district , and during one particularly short conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been placed into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the awful , awful feelings of hopelessness , awareness and despair of myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broke .
And then I was basically aggressive about my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices spoke opposite and miserable .
Do you see that glass water ?
It started with fear , prevention , mistrust and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find a point rather than a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was highly overlooked .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unexpected occasions .
Now , remembering those ugly years of hopelessness seems like something had died , but something was saved as well .
The puppet started crushing and crushing the person , but the person who delivered it all became a witness and eventually grew up in the person I was supposed to be .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories pop up against people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same town , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to burn all the good , generous people who fought with me and for me , and who expected me to escape from that missing and unique place .
At first , it was very hard to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , it was necessary the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I previously believed .
For example , the voices that rose to burn my house taught me to interpret them as their own fear and ungrowth in the world , rather than a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting outside my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice melting .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic chip , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
All of this knowledge ended up sticking onto my pieces , and each piece had a voice , and after a while I turned off all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now I &apos;m proud of the International Hearing Vice Movement , which is part of the International Hearing Vice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Rome and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seeing voices like a strategy of survival , a health response to unintelligent circumstances , and not a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to
That society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In terms of Chinese words , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot deny yourself to the person who gets better .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Vice Judge has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of dignity and equality by empowering people who are addressing mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that essentially provides hope for an unsustainable path for self-esteem .
As Peter Levine once said , a human being is a unique creature that &apos;s encouraged by an instinctive part to cure yourself , and that intellectual capacity can leverage that activity .
In this regard , there is no greater respect for the society or the privilege of helping other peoples &apos; processes , to be polite and to raise their hands , to share the patience and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be measured , excluded and accepted .
The light never goes off .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because of course these are the pictures that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I got my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier wish for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it was more important for planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you pause .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you break the button .
Shoots like this : road jobs are going on in loads of movement .
But there is also mistrust .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the depth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about glamour that makes this picture real ?
Does it have anything to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , where you can layer different parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to in the Third World .
But by connecting them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn to the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that this is completely irrational .
I see the same picture joining together .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of as what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because in the other case , it just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two images fill in both directions : it &apos;s the same height and the same light .
Rule number three : it doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell where different images start and where they end up . The picture has to be unique .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors and contrasts and light in lines and different images , by sending photographs of details like the field , by putting color and shadow , we pull the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is really all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , fish were photographed in a sea .
Crowds are different places .
The scene is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So to achieve the realistic result , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we collide , mixed in different photographs .
And every part of this is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right amount of damage to the right amount , the results can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documentaries of Panama started the secret sauce , the dense office world .
We immediately got reverberated .
The Icelandic premierer stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-year-old company committed two billion U.S. dollars associated with President William Death in Putin and a friend of his childhood killed a violinist .
There are more groups who are interested in new stories , about the success of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
Not connected to us , ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can keep the money in their office and not pay taxes , it remains less slow for public services like healthcare , education , travel change .
It &apos;s important to all of us .
My organizations at Global Witness are phenomenal .
The media and the political leaders are thinking about how open-source space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the world in the office is kind of joking , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
The company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s difficult to copyright protection , and institutions , journalists , regular citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delaware , from Virgin or Netherlands , we would see more U.S. connections .
Privacy in America allows disembodied school workers to leave their students , their enemies , their investors .
It works for all of us .
&quot; &quot; Global Witness &quot; &quot; wants to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just an off-the-shelf meeting , no lawyers accepted them as customers , no money transferred , and yet , there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that these are not individual events .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for exclusion from taxes .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So , you want the movement of Panama to give us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , &quot; &quot; Global Witness , &quot; &quot; we see this as a sign that time is shifting .
It requires business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not the place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the mystery that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flowing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi there , Johannes .
It &apos;s said that your child , WikiLeaks , over the past few years , is going to be making more secret documents than it is writing collectively .
Could that be ?
Juan Asance : Well , can it be ?
The real concern is that the whole print worldwide works so easily that a group of activists are able to communicate more of this kind of information than the entire world is writing together .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people experience those documents ?
And how do you secure sources ?
JS : You can tell that these people are the classic closed receivers of information , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest ways of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving tracks , to get the information to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the legal and the legal protection .
We get information on an electronic path , whether it &apos;s simple or audacious or not , fixing it as a normal news user , giving form — what we rarely do is really difficult , because language is about the exchange of massive amounts of information , and our own separation from inevitable laws and political policies .
K. Anderson : You guys are trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what a person is .
JS : That &apos;s true . The person we know in very rare situations , and if we do know about it at some stage , it &apos;s as much information as we can .
( Clicking ) Left Behind .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out there about how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious report from the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , ran Daniel or Moi .
He was the president of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they said this study , and with one more report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
This was a Kenyan journalist kid .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information before the election — the National Choice Challenge 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to tackle the man he was going to regret — Daniel or Moi — and so the calling of this report to President Kibaki became unacceptable .
CA : So by balancing it all together , you can say that the information that came out of Kenya was not from official media , but improbable . You think it really changed the outcome of elections ?
JA : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it was clear that Kenyan press could talk about it .
This knowledge on Kenya &apos;s television was broadcast 20 nights , and the data from Kenya &apos;s surveillance feed , 10 percent changed the polling results and went to the polling stations .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Andersen : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airstrip from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not for people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody was picking up .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Over .
Tell me when you see them . Sorry .
Excuse them all .
First , fire !
( Automatic beeps ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Automatic beeps ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; clouds , and we &apos;re still in blood .
I understood . I see them .
One-six , two-six , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . Okay , hey , hey . I broke them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences of those who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three initial attacks that happened in this place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? There were two Reuters in the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
Eighteen to 26 people died .
K. Andersen : The search for this video has provoked a universal claim .
How do I think that was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who are desperately walking the street , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 40-millimeter gallery in their underwear , looking for wisdom to roam and kill people who are going to save the damage .
There were two journalists who were really not minorities , but are working their way .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning was convicted by an analyst of birth control by Bradley Manning , and he was convicted that he had submitted this video to you , and together , 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy cables .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive his sentence for 150,000 calories and a 50-year-old search .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re on a cover of the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavík , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a very common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would be looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JU : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the Arab government , the true damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden cables makes this image .
CA : So let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to oversight .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have enough efforts and resources is going out , and that &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to expect to achieve something good , and organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed this in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or even society that the pursuit of information can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of the information we were looking for .
I mean , we &apos;re considering bad immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized from which we could identify the person .
But there are times when legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data , it &apos;s legitimate secrecy , but our sources of information have really to be done .
K. Anderson : You &apos;ve got to do that .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son was serving in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve reached out what you wanted to find out for some non-obvious reasons .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like this . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear that kind of thing a lot .
But remember , Baghdad , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan , don &apos;t have to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their understanding .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way people think and understand things , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is this a way to get light into black companies and government secrets ?
The light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets of others , you &apos;re secretly holding your information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have sources that would be huge in other sources .
If we find that way , it would be awkward for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , rather than the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what you &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience thought .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and Jylan &apos;s action .
Or greatness , the growth of tension , carrying light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps him growing up ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , gentlemen . You should be .
K. Andersen : This is an understandable list , Johannes , understandable .
We should be more excited . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do , what we do every day .
Last year , at the end of the year , a paper came out with some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Middle East , not that big a scale .
We got a report — a specific engineering analysis of events — in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil workers developed the building blocks .
And that was fought and part of the Albanian government .
The engineering response at the top was no explanatory information , so we were particularly intricate .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what a competing oil society is aiming for .
So we put the document up in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , it &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week we got a letter from the community that said it was meant to know the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to have a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they gave us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , they were shown by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or testing the material , specifically — we require these men to write letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now there &apos;s intense search and technical jobs going on .
And so our publishing numbers in the last few months have decreased because we &apos;re now reinventing our core systems .
The mass of interest is the problem .
Like every organization we start , we &apos;re really excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And what really scares the opportunity — is there a lack of willing journalists to work , or is there a lack of easy journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing up , and it drives our material mode , and we need to restructure that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and also less security information .
K. Anderson : To give you a sense of how you got there .
I would say , as a child , you had to learn in 37 different schools .
Could it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then they secreted the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologist would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get hurt .
JS : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker and pretty young lawyers at the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I emailed a magazine that I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I mean , this is a way to do things in different ways .
Unfortunately , today it &apos;s mostly mapped by Russians , wanting to remind you of your old bank account .
So this word is not as comfortable as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can we set them up , maybe tell us about what kind of event did they make ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the core values like this — intelligent , resourceful people are not left behind ; they &apos;re interested in growth .
This insight came from my father and other brilliant people from whom I met in my life .
CA : So clearly , smart people don &apos;t leave their eyes behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crimes — that &apos;s to give the judges the right crimes .
This is a shrimp that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , let me tell you very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something that was investigative , along with the bank caretakers , was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they told you your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a tough struggle .
The percentage of GDP in the bank sector was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the late last year , we asked the answer .
And the national television stations were broadcast for five minutes until the transmission , and as a movie movie , she knows about the cloud , and the readers were wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television as a content was shown , our website was shown , and at the time , very impressive in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this was never meant to change , and the result of that was that alongside some Icelandic politicians and international law professionals , we developed a new policy set of laws that would allow Icelandic to become in a certain sense an official freedom commandment , and the greatest policy preserve in the world would be for journalists , a
Iceland is the northern countries , so like Norway , they can fit into the system .
A month ago , these laws were equally accepted by the Icelandic law .
K. Anderson : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — or does the Big Bang even have more grim control , will there be more grief , or will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process process process collapse ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
Which way are we going to go ? It &apos;s hard to count .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the assignment of one direction or another can make a very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
K. Anderson : I think I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about the audience : Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s have your power .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good afternoon .
My name is Uldo .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took the picture , and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russian questions , documenting people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he shout , and he carries this brutality bone , and he wants not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has objectives and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the boats at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halki from the film , but I never saw him paint .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be overwhelmed by women and to be seen as aggressive .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with words : the irony , the Greek person , comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In artifacts , I ask social questions that become me in Russia .
The interesting fact about the Syrian marriage in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to wake up .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means successful lives , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27-year-old .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I have no hope of rescuing .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bowl of the Mexican War , with the sharp claws , with the pride of his name .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re reaching more .
While together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual Azeroth problems .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more communal and more nurturing .
And in fact , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I &apos;m trying to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts much more like video games .
Before the beautiful brands of play , we had a vacuum note .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the ultimate winners and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , and we can open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that small idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced my deep self what the honey was worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of service .
I would hit the desk , I would hit the girl , the right eye would shut down .
And then I began to rediscover the value of my ego .
During that time , I was a graduate student , I was talking to doctors , researchers , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to the height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , of course , men &apos;s insignificance has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was dressing that the night before it was four hours .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were married five , the evening would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a fairy tale .
Specifically here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Is it really going to wake up in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put out a tension , I &apos;m going to put some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have already survived too many glaciers .
In fact , it even seems to me that if the Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be ashamed .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would have signed up to be extremely bold and linked , perhaps the skirt would have noticed the glacier because it would have been blown up after 7.5 or eight hours of sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to reach out and find some great ideas that hide within us , connect the needles and discover the power of my own .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first faced a rather simple material — a web of birds , for centuries , for the same purpose .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long-term , ambitious forms , largely the size of molded buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were taken away .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 when I received an offer from the Fulbright scheme to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give to the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat and made it to the town of Mahabala .
The last day of the show came , but my paintings didn &apos;t come out ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this tool was too difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the emergency room , and I watched stars shift their networks to speak on the ground .
Every day , I &apos;d seen it , but I &apos;d seen it incredibly extraordinary — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create materials with no difficulty and no cheap materials .
My first experiencing sculpture was designed to collaborate with these fish .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; The Graduate Club . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her skyscraper surfaces separating with every wind in the face constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to learn about traditional views and collaborate with the amateurs , later in Libya and with the rhetoric .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from beautiful objects they would become what we could change ...
Back in India to work with livestock , we built a network with half a million empty handbags , and the culture was set up in Madrid for a short period of time .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban planner named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing a kettle in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a lasting piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them blunt , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly glamorous and short .
Two years ago , I was looking for plants that would retain the ultraviolet rainfall , the drought , the weather , the length , and also make it easier for them to travel in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the spectrum .
So we cleared this 4,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move the cracks with the snow and maintain the urgency wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was blind and moving .
I found a wonderful airplane engineer who designed the burn for the U.S. Armed Service , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the question — to achieve the perfect form and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because the hand was cleaning , the hand was not allowed to hold the organ .
So I was collaborating with an industrial fishing factory , and I learned their manufacturing options , and how they don &apos;t need the networks .
But there was no language in which you could translate that unique ancestor to regular car operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and ... two-year-olds were born , we removed 50,000 feet of a rotten net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and had never lost a single authentic .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it &apos;s meaningful .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shed out choreography , and I felt like I had found a match and discovered a connection with a headline ...
My life hasn &apos;t been the same .
I want to create this kind of sculptural glass space for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic trampoline in Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed more than just to make a grid material .
So we were experimenting with drinking little bits of water to create a drinking mill that could be formed by the wind , and in experimental explains , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this without sparking .
I use this material to create the subway patterns on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s sort of an X-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Environmentally , the hero of culture and ideas , the hero of the Americas , ran in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine the warrior of a 35-year-old orchestra and their community in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I couldn &apos;t imagine what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the storm blew across the Pacific .
He &apos;d covered the tectonic plates of the Earth , reinforced the melting of the planet , and yet he &apos;d covered the Earth day .
I joined NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 , &quot; &quot; meaning the microseconds that Earth took down .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual using a pencil .
Their structure was too complex .
So I turned a metal army into a mini fabric mesh , and it &apos;s 15 times shorter than a tree .
This sculpture was already totally mysterious , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex network shapes and shape them by looking at the Earth &apos;s trauma .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York City ; they asked me if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new mindset enables me to create and build skulls that look like skyscrapers .
While they haven &apos;t financed yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing resources to many cities around the world , where they &apos;re needed the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of creation .
Today , I &apos;m working on this with high-tech and engineering to create a compelling shape for the size of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer who never thought about art , never enough of a local art museum , cut out everything he could from his workshop and made him stuck under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind charges replacing the wind next to strangers sharing a fantastic discovery ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis shown by age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a boy in the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very pleasant . ( Audience : I &apos;m not sure . )
The energy model at the same time is collected through all of our senses systems , and it creates a multi-dimensional view of what this current moment looks like , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m an energy creature , a connected with environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re in the unity , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left female — our left female — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is mostly thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what &apos;s wrong with me .
I felt the ease of the body . Imagine .
