By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all these people are going to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty simple thought , I think it has a really deep meaning to be worth investigating .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technology journalist , who died of a cancer , a video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here it is . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally turned off from the fears of my cancer , that my family and my friends would pick up this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more careful than most people , but actually all of us today are creating archiv@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million tomatoes are delivered every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of the house , or a grandparent who lives in a box somewhere .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud for a short period of time , the year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I want to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed some of the services that are being created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profiles and our social media reports after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in a New York restaurant in Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but any time , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call ?
Death : Go to ifidi.e. , even if you &apos;re not .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook during you die .
The other one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Covie that you could analyze over 90,000 hours of video .
I think while machines are able to understand human language and to process massive amounts of data , analysis will become possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital self will be able to continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , thanks to precisely the amount of content that we create and technology can do that meaningfully .
We can see experiments in this area .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you published on Twitter to make predictions about what you might say in your next text .
Now , as you can see , the results can be very symmetrical .
But you can imagine how something like this will work five , 10 or 20 years from now , when our technical skills improve .
To go even further , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could cooperate according to a unique characteristic of a human being , based on hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 when CNN had just passed the CNN literally — hip-hop holographic designer at his study in a special interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , all the content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to explore them exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them a reporter .
These are people who made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue their own interests or for their own health .
With that , all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , pensioners returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of the loss of relationships between workers and restarters .
Working together as individuals see a miracle in their lives , describes a great risk in their lives , and the individuals who make a career break can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
The successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist in the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses returning to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career break , this is Mimi Kahn .
It &apos;s a social worker at the coast of California , which returns to the work of social services in 25 years .
It &apos;s the longest continuous career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the start of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the invitation of Today Show to the people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Three wrote that there are five mothers who enjoy being at home , but after reading , she needed to return to work , and without that , she really wanted to return to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met March , 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for work and tell everyone known to want to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
Think about it and not disappear .
You &apos;re just going to be the one who finally gets the job done . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even if the comprehension of time goes down , what happens to most of us , the more we are separated from our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after I drive .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they didn &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great incentive for self-determination to come back to those people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully about my career break .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get business news .
My range is financial , and I &apos;m hardly scraping the news as I was growing up at home as my four young children .
So I &apos;m afraid I &apos;m going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the beginning , until I felt I knew what was happening in the business world again .
I believe that restarters are the embodiment of power , which is why .
We have less well-meaning or workforce transfer .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the identity of the workforce .
Beyond that , we have the energy and the desire to go back to work precisely because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have with the reporter .
First , workers are really excited about restarters being away from technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically removed , it &apos;s just a presence .
I &apos;d been doing financial analysis for so long that I used &quot; &quot; One to two to three . &quot; &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to restarters , that the workers expect them to come to work with their basic bureaucratic software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worries about restarters is they don &apos;t care about restarters who don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter , they need to work very well , and figure out whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been working on a program since 2008 , and in 2010 I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term payment , no matter whether it &apos;s called stopping , or not , but it &apos;s suddenly experiencing the way professionals come back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I saw the return engineers , the uninformed reintegration candidate , signed up to a start-up agenda in the military , and then got a permanent job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s a front-page article in a magazine called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; which is called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old pedestal between college graduates .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monitors . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated reintegrated recipes to return to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are paid , and the people who move to permanent locations get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate engineering firms to return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Health Initiative .
Why is it that companies are choosing reintegration rates ?
Because instincts allow employees to recruit real-world examples of job description , rather than evil conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to accept permanent employment solutions until the instinct is over .
This testing period removes the so-called risk-taking risks that the leaders take under the &quot; &quot; restart , &quot; &quot; and they attract great candidates who become great customs .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing restarters .
But right now , it &apos;s not just about creating programs for restarters specifically , but it &apos;s also not about being able to participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their return to work was to support their reintegration program .
And there are no obstacles to being able to be a pension curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and it was a bureaucratic service in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this would all be more successful , but there was nothing to promote .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second offer in the next company to work in a permanent positioning , she decided to test this march and hope for the best .
Well , she covers all their assets , and the company not only offered her perpetual job at the beginning of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more difficult , because she knew what Tracy was able to do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They underwent her magic studies .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Three hours of work were an attempt , just as a switch , and it was all over Tracy and her work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the institution as much as possible .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest that you &apos;re standing up and down a department official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of coming to other restarters .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to put a serious view of the environment using ...
Using crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can shuffle cartilage a little bit .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go away — I &apos;m running a video — ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Ah , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the top one .
The unfortunate answer is yes .
And then , if you do that and you punish it , you can make a bet .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be precise , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the distribution network .
And we also found the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they recover , connect to nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects , working with the artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object of my object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sitting the phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird device that kept me asking for something to do with it , as though I was the continuity of his body : turning on the lights , or carrying a glass of water , raising cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind became increasingly robust , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the unit was a better person &apos;s family in India .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He would lift the stick and expect me to collect a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my board , I made &quot; &quot; Send the Telescope . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s got two people to use it .
That &apos;s exactly how my unit uses a cell phone that &apos;s created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine that he could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world , same thing .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a plywood , print his email and insert it and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a personal email , too .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve started a lot of electronics that understand mechanical action and change it digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be particularly challenging and obscured by the ritual , like my box and my pleasure .
The next thing we did was a sound-called &quot; &quot; Psychology . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : we put plates on the walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they kind of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they turn off their tails .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we packaged these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we hid behind them over 500 of these little cheeks .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they feel like they &apos;re out of the water .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become spontaneous sounds .
They also don &apos;t respond to funny sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . And then you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying to make them live .
So each petition is a behavior of self , of psychology , of boredom , of self and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll make it better later .
We made them respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the opportunity to deal with the idea of invisible .
How could it feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that , in the field of cameras , we &apos;ve created a software that can track people in the room and change one of their foundations by making them invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Soren , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an actual video taken from a camera that turned it into an invisible camera .
Short comes into the room . Whoosh ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking and contracting .
This is a very early video , where we &apos;re still not solving the problem of shipping , but it &apos;s immediately improving .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room , put it in space , and then after the monitors on each wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one individual was constantly invisible , as the group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shade . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s notice of oil or sunsets .
From the front , this object looked very strong and robust , and in between it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they had walked across the country , he was barely able to walk up the wall .
And then eventually they got bored and they got bored .
( Laughter ) This work is inverted by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that she would be buried in a stick , and his body would grow from it almost like a plant .
It washes over its head like a headache , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If the circumference wasn &apos;t there , and the foundation would be very equal , it would be standing around the whole space .
And there are no vultures or vultures .
Let me give you an example : People come into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you go through the pain , you get a reward , and it looks like I &apos;m going to turn around .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to help him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help because he ends up following himself .
This was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , and actually a lot of our work to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely dismiss the moment of his cross , because if we had built it so that he would turn around , it would be destroyed , but if it didn &apos;t spread enough — there would be no inevitability , so there would be no inclination to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
He &apos;s getting sick now , so he &apos;s running out of support .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object is changing itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly involved in : We &apos;re working with aesthetics of steel , spectacular fibers of optical deltas shaped like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the spaceship shaped by the shape of the canvas .
Our idea was to reverse something as hot and remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a steel ball , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you spend your time looking at this shape as a butterfly , and you start to realize it &apos;s more like a hole in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Odyssey . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoys you as you grow into a two-dimensional , eight-year-old object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts by keeping a dynamic connection with the people around you — like trying to preserve a secret or something .
We do a lot of our work with technology , but actually we don &apos;t like it because it &apos;s been designed for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your mind , it seems that the process of creation is trying to figure out how this creature wants to exist , what model it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he &apos;s brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , the connection , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this is what happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to happen in the books of history a few hundred years from now , our generation is going to be thoughtful , linked to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disc — 13.4 centimeter disc infected with Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus ever found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the sector of the landing department in the lobby , and if we look closely , we can see here , wrote , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the synagogue . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it &apos;s 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for resistance .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of telephones and a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is an address of 730 Nicham Blake in Allah Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess , who opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are men who first wrote an AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt a bit of a pleasure about understanding that both Basin and Amjad computers were also stuck hundreds of times over , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So the world is still justice .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and &apos; 90s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve leaved a system here that allows me to launch an old program on a modern computer .
So let me now virtually build some equipment . Here we go .
Here we have an old viral list .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
Let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of the screen there is a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you hit , you start walking on your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the mothers and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labyrinth for example , which we follow in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I join our labor system again through the Internet , we can actually see and organize the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve found on the file , called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , that &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that happen every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys go through hacked computers .
So if you &apos;re a typewriter maker and you can hack Windows &apos; computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell those laptops — someone else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a number of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
The computer will quietly hidden in your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of you has an email that &apos;s protected and sent to criminals .
The same is true for every single one of your secrets and so forth .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the synagogue when you join and you buy it at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in a store online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can go online and get this information you &apos;re consuming .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an entire market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
Take , for example , how these guys can actually work out of their surgery , go and look at INTERPOL sites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and their partner in crime , who also fought for the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila and Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys went on to operate under an operation called I.M. amplification , a cybercriminal surgery , where millions of them had been picked up .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. Secretary of State awarded the account of the Swiss bank that owned it , Jain , and in that bank account , there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are searching for programs , searching for tests , testing their code , and having related systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves see how we &apos;re doing — how people are doing business — and try to get rid of any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows how one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from country to country once the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They change from country to country , from one legislation to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to global support law when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving somebody a free airplane ticket to the cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who have not been able to get us there can now .
This is , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file that has a six-year-old file .
And what that really means is that if you try to review this painting profile on your Windows computer , the file will actually transmit control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the second law of the painting — and this is the actual code for the launch of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look very different than organ .
But just look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see that right down here , you can see an online address : unionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden entry through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep hacking the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , as someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made it up .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to the men in the labor .
We have a few clouds in the labyrinth , and one of them thinks there &apos;s a rice in Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars in numbers and so on .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been on the Internet for a couple of years , who has his private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And on this blog he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early 19th century — writing about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on the Mercedes-Benz Square 600 V12 with six kilograms of ink and over 400 kilograms of ink .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful 20-year-old car from Santa Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Santa Peterburg , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got involved with .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all these pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when cyberbullying is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercriminals on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find cybercriminals , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do it , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot steal them .
I want it to be simpler , but no , it isn &apos;t .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they came up with .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed by a logical control brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invaded one , there was a massive revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be worried about .
Because everything around us is driven by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food production plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
It all depends on the job of this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work even if computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand ourselves don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s a really simple thing — think about sustainability , replication of things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if you weren &apos;t having them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do this globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to find broken online groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire deployments .
What &apos;s really important is that it really is a gathering of people who are behind bars , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was in college with a friend of mine who was on a road trip from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland in Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas paths across national parks and national forests — practically the longest path we &apos;ve ever been able to take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that mean for the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally transmits his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And then I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signs that we see in Chinese hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments and then she starts laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this one — why we sometimes misunderstand the signals around us , and how we behave when that happens , and what that can tell us about human nature .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is wrong .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my assumptions here , I am in time , all of a sudden this notion of an abstract misunderstanding of the mistake is thrown overboard — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re having time for dinner with the family ; we go into the choices and we vote for the existing time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , compressed in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only ultimate moral , intellectual and creative value that you can do .
So why are we fighting this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with the feeling that we &apos;re asking questions .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting next to this : What feeling — emotionally , how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m going to run down , I &apos;m not going to love — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to perceive wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be embarrassing , it could be embarrassing , actually , how funny my silly style is , because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make it feel good .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon animation where there was a floating leg , always running and never catching a bird &apos;s ring ?
In almost every movie theater , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the shelf , and it &apos;s good , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the legs are running after him from the trunk .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that the leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
And then it falls .
When we make a mistake — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he jumps off the curtain , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re all wrong , we &apos;re already in trouble , but we feel like we &apos;re on the roof of a ride .
So actually , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any internal signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Let &apos;s take a quick idea to the first school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher brings back the paper , and one of them looks like this .
And by the way , it &apos;s not a mantra .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , who never does his homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do the right job are flexible , unaccountable bureaucrats — and second , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect , especially many of us in this room — are battling with this simply becoming ideal little decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysical , ultra-maratonal action ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-maratonists .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just take it for granted that we are right , because we feel smart , responsible , wealthy and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s obsessed with surgery .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their own work — they get up and they send her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She gets up , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeons had a robust surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel &apos;s Health College talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories were the essence of the story , that overwhelming belief that you are right , that everything on the right side can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like seven million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just as good as the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
As it turns out , most of us humans actually explain reality in a similar way — searching for some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we generally share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as we do , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly clever , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it because of their own purposes .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our rights keeps us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But the thing that really bothers me the most , and the most tragic thing , is that it starts with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The rule is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do this a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the night sky at the same time and see that , and so on .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years until Dekhar said the phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; St. Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Class , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some sort of tragic human loss , something that we can either eliminate or lose .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity and leap .
Last year , for several reasons , I covered myself with a huge public radio show called &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these bubbles of failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I &apos;m smart enough to make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we laugh that each of us has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen by one , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; said Ira Glass , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , unsuccessful moments of mistakes to make sure these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , are missing .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen alone , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a lot of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the president of Egypt for the rest of his life until he was too old and he was going to be able to transmit his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and stay out of high school loved , come back to your city and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I wrote an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible lesson for our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and advance and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and advances and improvements ?
Because half of the things that were most critical to think about and changing the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
This subject , as you &apos;ve heard it seven million times , is a fantastic discovery again .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , awful space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On May 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the head of Jewish life .
Fortunately , those plans were destroyed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Nosair ended up being destroyed by its partner .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , understanding that in life , we want the same things not last very long .
A few months ago , he called me out of his ark and explained to me that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drying .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my broken torso landed on a little orange light that was beyond the target and everything , and especially to me , the target got got shut down .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Buh . &quot; &quot; Whatever father , his son .
All of these comments seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same wish to kill that my father had .
These people ended up being swallowed up by a horse of 650 kilos of beans and dropped off at a lower level parking lot , the World Trade Center in the North Pole , which produced fire , killed six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I respected .
The people I called ammunition , which means the box .
For too long in my classroom when I was a new face , I often kept on going .
I was raised to justify people based on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
The focus of my group was on the poverty between my youth , because I had been a big part of my life , and this was especially for me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face before that , and if I was honest , I felt embarrassed to be able to go through a barrier that was largely unaffected by my life .
The other major step towards opening was to be thrown out when I found my summer job at the Baby Gardens industrial park .
There I was showing all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and this experience was the basis for educating my next character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
In the industrial park , I had the opportunity to work in shows with some gay artists , and I immediately realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and I find it unethical to treat good people not the way I would like to treat me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned in my childhood with my experiences and my interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I am confronted with justice for what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; Day this . &quot; &quot; In the end , Jon Stewart convinced me to be honest with myself about my feminism , and helped me understand that human race , religion and sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian &apos;s judge has had a greater impact on me than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a widow .
I was having a conversation with my mother one day about the change in the world , and she said what I was going to hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eye of an eye who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort I needed to keep myself aware of myself .
Zak Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when I decided to connect with my family and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and potentially put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone would forced me to use violence , that somebody would hear my story and realize that there was a better way , that although I had been involved in this violent , non-romantic ideology , I had not been involved in fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the sacrifices of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible suffering and loss that had caused terrorism in their lives .
Because of the terrorism winds , I &apos;m going to speak in front of these feelless acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son doesn &apos;t have to follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no toes .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where they were and I left them .
So I quickly turned around and tried other doors and windows , and they were all good stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff &apos;s night , because I had an early crack in the morning in Europe , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
And as I struggled and collapsed , I found a big stone , and I broke down a corridor window , and I took the glass ceiling , and I put a piece of cardboard inside , and I put a piece of cardboard on it , and I thought that the morning , when I got up to the air , I could call the master to repair it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a paintbrush in the middle of the night , so I figured , under conditions , it would look like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortical artery that affects the posture of the heart , and it changes the level of the adrenaline and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no trouble . ( Laughter )
This is me running home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , and I got back to sleep , and I swam back to the airport , and I prayed , but they had already given my place to someone else , so I got back to the front of the airplane next to the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t return , on the back of eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours it wouldn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , set up systems that protect against things like this ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was with my colleague , the Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and how embarrassed I was telling stories about my hidden window and how I forgot the passion , and Danny said he practiced something called future retrospect .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist named Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago by a psychologist called the opposite case study .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that can be done as a previous study .
Some are obvious , others are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Instead , let &apos;s make space for things that are easily obscured .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years , to be able to track important things — where the hippocampus , where you can find fish , the hippocampus , where the hippocampus lives in friendly and opposite areas .
The approach is that part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
This is the part that enables governments to find their own boxes .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the winds were blowing their breath away , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re using a wonderful brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , that aren &apos;t moving very well .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading , and so forth .
So put a place in your lap , a cable at the door , maybe a decorative skin .
For the world , concrete blocks .
The desks are a specific table .
If you take a space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , after all , send yourself to the cloud .
If these things happen or they fail , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed , the brain is blocking the cortex .
The Korean is boring , it makes it hard to think .
So part of the pre-frontal analysis of lack of lack of lack of lack of lack of lack of lack of lack of awkwardness is to recognize that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point we will all be in a situation where we have to make very important decisions about our treatment or our loved ones or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even with financial or social solutions — any one of the solutions that governs the rational judgment of facts .
You go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower the cholesterol rate , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know something about them .
That &apos;s the number you need to stay .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one cure .
So you might think , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
That number should be one .
But actually , medical practice doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s guilt , if anything goes wrong , it &apos;s a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to stay in a typical printer , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that takes years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another one , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And amongst them there are terrible things : the next pain of muscles and syringes , the construction of hair and carrots — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait a minute .
Remember , you can &apos;t really think straight about stress .
300 people are taking the drug . One is improving , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a cure than to get you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can check whether you want to take the risk , or not .
Now you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , men tend to be over 50 years old , to have prostate removed from cancer , the number we need to survive is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries being done by one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , their erection disruption , their lack of secrecy , their lack of resolution .
And if you &apos;re doing that , and you &apos;re one of those people who represents that , maybe it &apos;s only a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asking them to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want to live shorter lives without suffering , or do you want to live longer than ever before ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the warranty of the event , but at least you will have tried to cheat it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm , or a burglar alarm , or an immune system , because if the body of these particles degrades its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that gets blown through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re all wrong .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think first of all how unfortunate it can be that we have ways of acting as ways of reducing evil , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Going back to that night in Mongolia , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a master set up a coding pen next to my door , and a pen from the front door , and it &apos;s easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a pile of postcards that I didn &apos;t have , and a pile of emails that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a modest process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union hired a large part of the object in an unknown location .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to combat space .
The rock was huge .
With the same set of grid blocks embedded in it , two radio sets .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientists at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Columbo , they were happy to find new lands .
Now we have to be happy to find space .
And it &apos;s going to be a future for us to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the release , Sputnik generated all its complexity .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , gave some respect and a sense that people finally put something in space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; On the Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians told us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our enemies influenced us in science and technology , and that they can now support us with a hydrogen bomb using a Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest U.S. crashes , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He encouraged a rocket ship .
He saw weapons .
And the race to cure space .
With the funding of Congress , within a single year , a weapon has grown very rapidly : between 200 and 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik has done much more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you might remember that day in March of 1958 , the National Citizen Process trained when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were thousands underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will occur and that at least 50 percent of American juries .
Sputnik , however , has made amazing changes .
For instance , a couple of these people were getting a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , the science of nature , and within the educational sphere , the radical increase .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to the creation of ARPA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the seemingly irresistible situation into something that was generally very good for the United States .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
In closing , I &apos;d like to use the opportunity to thank one of my investors — a long time to contribute to TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years . I &apos;ve been at the top of TED .
The third is less apparent .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clothes , rocks , socks , eyes .
We all know these simple everyday objects .
They were told mostly that they would be shifted to war whites .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , our bodies were reinventing mass graves , 20 years after the war had happened .
And it looks like this is the largest crater ever found .
During the fourth conflict , the drought of Bosnia in the early 1990s , about 30,000 civilians , most of them died and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The International Communist Rights Act reviewed some of the atrocities against humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But also with their obsession , their cultural identity , and eventually the very idea that they ever existed , were born .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — there are no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are tougher than their bodies or our easier memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they find things that the parents carry with them to the executed spot , they &apos;re highly scanned , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of leaves are being modified into white plastic bags just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the prisoners of war crimes .
The rest of life is often asked to figure out why these things belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardwired or are just sold out of our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object wanting to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people everywhere .
And maybe in this way somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will be reminded of a permanent , intolerant and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and understanding these things makes us feel a little bit more aware of each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is as close to all of us as the next document can be .
One day when all the individuals will be recognized , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I decided to photograph for a month every day .
I would never have been so desperate .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide enormous amounts of fortune .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some of the projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re mostly working on these intuitions and mystery spheres .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called Color .
The viewer is almost like walking into the room , and instantaneously these platforms are sitting on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer is looking at it , and it seems to reflect and stop in a grid symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is a 19th century alphabet , and the other is about 100 years old , and the Milky Way is abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest form is A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s as if the viewer &apos;s eyes become reflected in the observation of being in space , and they become spontaneous again and independent until they feel like they are or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite honest that the claims themselves are so repetitive that they claim to be the rules that they claim to be played by the viewer .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a piece of paper applied to a remote wall , but you can either see that it &apos;s an A4 shape , or a piece of paper , which is held by both sides of a pair of hands , which are held together by an invisible attention and attention from a small piece of medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture is moving very , very slowly , as these two hands are trying to hold a piece of paper without disclosing its long period of time , and it doesn &apos;t work for them .
So this instability is very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a hidden camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately the unstable form of video processing about the observer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and placed the movement on the plate .
Here &apos;s the video .
You &apos;ll have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re sort of trying to knock down a stick figure , like , behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a little person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of a pie to the size of a pie to the size of a pie to the size of a pie to the front .
Another task is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and very high as a teeth — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks in , he sort of covers from side to side and moves his arm more and more slowly as the person approaches .
This is the first scenario of the demo .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get your attention , you don &apos;t care , and you look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate maker body .
It looks like it &apos;s a mechanical device for manufacturing , like coming out of a factory , like a washing machine or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of assembles the object and gives us a little bit of distance , with our image .
And so for us , it &apos;s a very dangerous creature that &apos;s trying to get our attention out of the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
Another task is called &quot; &quot; Play-Doh . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made by the size of the auditorium that you see on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m from , every single one of you looks that big and the audience sort of covers the whole spectrum of my eye .
In Audience , there are 996 little figurations .
They learn to spread mechanically by choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand as strong and as long as they want to be done around them or how they want to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a couple of blessings or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It can be anything from a few weak clothes from the audience , or it can be very sound ovations .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as the object itself or the organism that also has its own musical notation as the instrument .
So the audience can play by creating quite complicated and diverse musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to respond appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of solving and an awareness and an anxiety .
It also has characteristics and plywood .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the mind sharing two hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , as if two brainstorms connect with each other to discover the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get rid of all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Tower .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a self-drive or a network that lives in a room and you can watch from both sides .
In this network , there &apos;s a group of little figures .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like a mindset or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first on the road , and hidden under two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characters characters and nice characters , as if the retailer had physically constrained them to go that path .
We like the idea that these patterns dance around as if they &apos;re forced and they don &apos;t care , as if they &apos;re annoyed and happy , as long as they feel their way through view and they hide behind the next wall .
So this project leads to the opposite of itself .
This figure is sort of locked up in this very grim grid , which is sort of prison , but also tension , because it allows them to remain locked and naive , and no matter what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these true life-forms that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaboration with Curiel ETH building the first prototype .
And as you can see , they took the patterns of movement from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to move forward and back .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it &apos;s floating in my face .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , in the first week you do enough that later on in difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything to be slow down . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers , which I should spend the year writing .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to turn on the highest mirror , like a pencil behind a pencil .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , right ?
But the weird thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and I still didn &apos;t have one word . The only way I could have done it : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I skied not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , I skied slowly as a movie , and I pricked it to the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a blogger .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain and actually visualize it , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do this .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember that happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for serious work .
The next Monkey Canyon is not the one who has to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be and she just cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works great .
( Laughter ) And humans are just one more animal .
You have to remix , upset and upset your birthday , and that would be replaced by lifestyle .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brain is another living creator — the Rational Society of Defense — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like sleeping on a nightstand or jumping into bed or liking to touch a pool .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things with common sense .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy of Thai games .
This is where freedom functions should not happen .
When the monkey leads the monkey , the question is , how do the caregivers typically end up in the blue zone , not in this delicious place where important things happen .
As it turns out , the detector has a carbon sink , which , from above , looks at it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s get in Google Earth and take an Indian image of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and after that , one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , staring at me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts going off the mind , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , the Panikon Monster is driving her horror — by the way , she &apos;s gone !
And finally , the Rational Prime Minister of Defense can take steel , and I &apos;m starting to write a language .
Panic Monstro explains all the unthinkable behaviors of the unemployed , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first sentence , and then with a miracle of work , the whole night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were frustrated and wrote about how procrastination affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why are people situated in such bad conditions ?
Turns out , there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term attention is a little less awareness of it , less talking about it than about funny , short-term attention .
It &apos;s often survived in silence and in unity .
It can produce a tremendous amount of unsatisfaction and regret .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re setting up a particular project .
This long-term attention has turned them into views in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read these letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , the unemployed doesn &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe it &apos;s not as uncomfortable as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s okay to do it in terms of terms , but remember : The monkey frowns when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life week .
It turns out they &apos;re not that much , especially knowing that the bread is already used .
I think we need to look seriously at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re actually paying for , because everybody in life is paying for something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we should be starting today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Senison , who was recently awarded the Congress of the Council of Defense in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken down a road to a medical department .
What &apos;s amazing is that that that day , because of the accident of the tree , one of the nation &apos;s evacuation physicians had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing together a warrior warrior , a cake .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a constant love , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that do this ?
On the vertical axis , we offer prizes to people who are choosing to thank others for getting the benefit .
This is all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve in the military .
Those better people are more likely to benefit from others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting with a few people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
It &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to you .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the longevity of our lives .
So we become social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in a field where we feel like we are part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
Which means that at night I can rise up and believe that someone from the grave is safe from the danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology , it can be a nightmare for your business .
It can be your competition , and sometimes you &apos;re trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to compromise your plan to improve and take back your business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone that makes it leaders .
I was on my way to the airplane one day , and I became an Independent Diplomat , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it on its number , and I watched how he was working on his utility belt treated him like a guardian , like a consult .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early on .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you act with us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , the word came to me .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or I can &apos;t get the job done . &quot; &quot; Actually , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
I don &apos;t believe in my leaders .
We like to talk to the Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are bad , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate one another and that fundamentally weakens our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline , demand , support their own beliefs , the ability to attempt and ignore , and to achieve more than we could ever imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , a tech firm in New York , so this person tells you that when you have a family of problems , do you consider the opportunity to take one of your children away ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Once you go to Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released for the wrong things .
Therefore , so many people feel such an instinct and anger for those bankers receiving inproportionate grades and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social agreement .
This is what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mothers Teresa ?
Are we angry about that ? Of course not . none of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t give any instructions .
They name their numbers .
They &apos;re worth the name of the victim .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , this company has done a lot of recession , and she lost 30 percent of her sentences overnight .
In a major manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t sustain the workforce .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the government would sit down and answer the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob believes not the number of workers .
It &apos;s a lot harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave the four weeks of untrained leave .
The acoustician could choose whenever and not necessarily the whole four of them .
He said it was better for everybody to suffer in a little less than anyone to regret , and in that way he stole the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re saying , because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get the people in charge .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about some soldiers in the middle of the war , and as the soldiers were accepted , the head of the officer was eating the last and allowing the first to feed their people , and they were stopped eating the food suppliers .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to make sense of it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they make sure that only their people are safe and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their sweat and their armor to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your sweat and your shirt behind the man ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is this not the kind of organization that we all want to work with ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most intractable problems of our time can be solved by simple technology , if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transcending dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limits .
Some of my education has taken place in helping her work in remote , rural communities .
I value these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city &apos;s limits , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
During these trips , my grandmother complained in the Kiplingo manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . You find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from mountains .
Get ready and wait for you . Go ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born worldwide has a heart attack .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with passion .
The wolves must survive inside the mother .
The survival depends on the connection between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this illness , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Mao was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the rain was a green drop .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of birth control for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be with them .
Rice is a crowded lake .
Maybe that doesn &apos;t seem obvious to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create a key to this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter brings a race to the heart .
And one of them makes a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us alone , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 200 miles high .
And patients need a special equipment to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the altitude of the patient is different because the coal between the arteries is bigger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
Again , research began .
We came back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Over the years , local women were telling us stories by writing complicated texts with glasses and unexpected mastery that helped us make new machines .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of a very strong material that captured the form .
It seems right now that the audience is enabling us to create a rotting device that doesn &apos;t really care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device comes into the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through a hole .
Our device expands , it stays in place , and it creates a hole .
We have this beautiful system of law that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients we &apos;ve been on are part of our team , the team , thanks to intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
Cell isn &apos;t easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of mistakes .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to acquire very quickly and motivate creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind in the wages of survival , not in taxes or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We give one device to make sure every child is healthy .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that was impossible , that we would expand it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a little town called Muti .
Water and electricity were just as unpredictable as the weather ; growing up in these complex situations , when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the ground and we grew up in the sun .
The Sun is good at winter .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one makes anything you put on the skin and doesn &apos;t have to wear a hat ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; And I went home and I did a little bit of research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases such as conditions , the main thing for these diseases is called treatment .
It &apos;s considered that infection in the eye of a mouse when the eye is distorted , and some of the infections that are available can be totally cut off .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that you prevent treatment , you need to swim a face : no drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phones , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t trust the Internet cafe for 20 buc@@
That looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone , I was also the youngest person ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No Check Check ! &quot; &quot; — I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first ever wandering freak .
You put it on the skin and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I started making a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we got a practice , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can put on the market , and it &apos;s something that we can eat .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They go through when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not buy all those replaced cycles , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into little innovative changes .
Spend over half and print .
The cool part is that one replacement builds up one requirement for five choices .
When we created that model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We found that even richer parents want to use DryBath from businesses . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million liters of water every time you go to heating , you can also provide two hours a day of children from village sites — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours a day of simple childcare .
When we saw this kind of universal advantage , we confirmed the definition of our product &apos;s fundamental function , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fortune , and for the poor man is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on Limpopo , with 50 pounds a week , to reduce the way people cannot afford it .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also pictured by the best student in the business world , the first African to ever get this approval , and the strangest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like it . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at a leak of the year , and later I went back to the medical college where I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve been looking for a white coat and seeing actual patients .
During that one month , I was amazed by two things .
I asked myself , are we going to meet in this kind of spending , or are we going to forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , there are health issues .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs are not being treated , therefore they &apos;re not being treated .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are in certain ways the targets of government .
The most expensive health care solution is accepted by them .
You take a lab test , you choose to have an old , weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the prescription to the physician , you can reduce the cost .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my former colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
And we got a little bit back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s performance , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call this the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment are in relation to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph you see my newsprint filled with three beautiful daughters .
When GDP started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find extraordinarily good numbers , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erick suffers from prostate cancer , and perhaps he needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making a healthcare system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he &apos;s going to leave behind is about 50 percent , so he should start using fireworks once again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he would go to Hamburg , to the Martian clinic , there would be only five percent risk .
So either you &apos;re a meter month or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference . Seven times .
And when we look at lots of different diseases in terms of diseases , we can see huge differences .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons that met in a year &apos;s meeting and were talking about what procedures they used to do by operating a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide you see a bunch of metal sheets of work that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operation manager is different .
Everybody was worried that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know it , and he admitted it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure the quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years talking , &quot; What is the quality of the club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement in the bone of the patient , before you put a metal pump in , it regenerates much longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They released the data , and it changed the country &apos;s clinical practice .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
And every year they would come together and say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an extraordinary improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those of you who are compared , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists gather together , decide what is the best , start the research , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
Serious improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part of the enjoying .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the effect of the price on the balance , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the operation in the lab , and a couple of years ago , there was a study done that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after their first operations .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the rate of measurement is smaller than the average , according to the OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measuring and improving its quality to the OECD average , that would save the population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but although everything makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The next health care system in health care is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they can improve .
But most people don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like other advice .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist who works in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a much better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of constant improvement , which we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden shaped what we call SRMTK .
You might say that cheating is not an insult , it &apos;s an insult .
It means the Global Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients to deal with , diseases under conditions that are really qualitative , what we should measure and turn to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last couple of years : cataracts , cold pain , medical arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show the passions of this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only to countries inside , but also to international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the infections .
Compare these two things . Which one is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinct to achieve quality , important patient outcomes . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with our doctors and our sisters and others , discussing childcare .
So we asked , how can we measure the quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important improvements ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients to treat patients more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the season , the peak of the icefall stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital does right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care is not just costs but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the personnel in hospitals and elsewhere health care into the system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that the prophet of modern medicine , Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , to smile their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that I &apos;ve discovered most about the success of companies , how important functions are actually to success in the starting company .
I believe that start-up companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a start-up company , you can unlock the potential of the people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why is it so bad ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what was most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a metaphor , avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been working on a business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-electric bus stop when I was in high school , I was doing solar power plants when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see which were the most effective in corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
One , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because it &apos;s a very valuable &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the performing , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I would quote Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everybody has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of the team shows its ability to adapt to the face of the client .
The client is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , like a generation income from a client ?
In my mind , it started to hit the threshold that perhaps most impacted success .
And then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea stand up too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Will we start , but we need to learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies at Ideal and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these Idealab companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoGoGoGoTo , NetZero — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith in them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to recriticize all of these terms in terms of what it was like for companies to follow each other .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not at Idealab , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at these activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just at the beginning of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people implement their opponents to take their homes away from strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drones were looking for more money , and it was very important .
From our early successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
&quot; &quot; GoTo.com , &quot; &quot; which we showed in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for innovative ways to draw space .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online manufacturing company .
In 1999- to 2000 , the content was slow .
It was hard to look at the video on the web , add the code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and the content of spreading links increased 50 percent in America , at the same time YouTube .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
And by the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , it really matters .
Idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they willing to take what you have to offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , going to college campuses .
I felt very unhappy inside , I wasn &apos;t scared , I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the fragility that I felt inside .
I walked away from the seminar when it all started , and I daunting on myself , cutting my shirt , as well as hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he spent days and weeks commenting on the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , he was even , after a while , oddly friendly and intimidating , although sometimes I noticed he reflected my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I hid , and I hid many times because I was angry , then the voice was confused .
After a while , the heavy conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I talked about my university doctor .
And then I was desperately interested and helped , so I told him about a strange comment .
For instance , I worked at a student &apos;s television station , which was a news agency in the university , and during one session I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I was set into a series of events .
I was sent to a hospital , and then I had a schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , awkward , awkward , awkward emotion for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire to resist .
And then I was basically aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and these voices became contradictory and violent .
Can you see that glass water ?
There was fear , there was prevention , there was mistrust and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt helpless , that I couldn &apos;t find a target , that I didn &apos;t understand .
Two years later , my condition was deeply overwhelmed .
I had all this crazy repertoire : speaking voices , absurd images , odd , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years of despair seems like somebody had died , but something else was saved .
The tribe was originally destroyed and destroyed by a person , but the person who made it out of it was a winner and ended up growing up in the person I was supposed to be .
In my life , many people have molded me , and I remember them all , but those memories confuse me with people who help me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it works until May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to erase all the good and the older people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing places .
It was very hard to believe at first , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , was essentially the first step to learning how to separate metaphorical meaning from the meaning that I believed before .
So for example , the voices that were threatened to kill my house , I learned how to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , not a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice roller .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge came into play with my particles , and each of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back into the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and it &apos;s been inspired by Professor Marie Romans and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees the voices as a survival strategy , a health response to unintelligent environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on , and it &apos;s a difficult ,
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Chesch , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You can &apos;t catch yourself as a good person .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Vice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of humor and unity , by giving power to people who are engaged in mental issues , creating a new language and behavior of hope that essentially raises the way we believe in independence .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique creature that &apos;s encouraged by an instinct to cure himself , and that intellectual capacity can leverage this building block .
In this sense , societal societies have no greater pride or privilege of helping others succeed , to be cursed , to raise their hands , to share the suffering and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s inside of us can never be touched , excluded and removed .
Light never stops .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are pictures that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I started my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was a little bit different from my early passions to draw , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important to design .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a pencil .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I felt like everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you break the button .
Take pictures like this : road jobs are going on in the background .
But there is an uncertainty .
And yet , reality is preserved .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
When I say &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photos .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These pictures require a moment of reflection in order to understand the absence .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment itself .
But what is it about being able to make that picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a reality chart in which different parts of reality can distort to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so long as it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn off the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same thing , and I connect the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a multiplication of reality .
So what creates a reality of photography , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that makes us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , it just seems like the wrong image .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting them , they can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Adapt pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two images are filled with two requirements : photo at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : It doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be consistent .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually created .
So by mixing colors and contrasts and lights on boxes and separate images , by sending photographs of freckles as a field , by installing color and texture , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and only the bottom part is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it requires a lot of planning .
So having thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
The roots are from different places .
The background is photographed in the base of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house in red walls to look silly .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think it &apos;s important to plan .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
And then mixed up , and then mixed up pictures .
And every part here is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re successful at reproducing the right frames , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama started the secret sauce , the deep office world .
Suddenly , we got a reverb .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to the president of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a violinist .
There are more tickets that are concerned about the adoption of a new story , about the adoption of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should they care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay taxes , it stays less slow for public services like health care , education , policing .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this public disclosure phenomenon .
The media and political leaders are wondering how the office space can be used to hide its slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think many of the world &apos;s office is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to do justice protection , and institutions for taxpayers , journalists , for ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not corrupt the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding behind bars .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delaware , from Western countries or from Nevada , we would see more contact with Americans .
Privacy in America allows workers to expand schools for suckers and investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just a missed meeting , and no lawyers accepted them as clients , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet , there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
It &apos;s about how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it &apos;s about removing taxes .
Unfortunately , the United States does .
So you want the movement of the Panama to give us a glimpse of the openness of the United States and the world .
We , &quot; &quot; Global Witness , &quot; &quot; we see it as a sign that time will change .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; Secrets are not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secret that creates the conditions for the prevention of taxes , corruption , money proliferation and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , John .
It &apos;s said that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to read more secretive documents than the sum of the parts of the world .
Could it be ?
Jane Anuj : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the printing press of the world is so simple that a group of activists are able to communicate more information than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : How does it all happen ?
How do people influence those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing security ?
JS : You might say that these people are classic input recipients of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can inform us .
We use the latest methods of encryption to deliver materials online , irrespective of footprints , while information enters countries like Sweden and Belgium , judging and getting legal protection .
We get information on an electronic basis , usually wireless or no , we check it up like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — which is rarely done , because language is about mass translation of mass information and our own separation of the political and political discourse .
CA : It &apos;s called , you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JE : That &apos;s true . We know individuals in very rare situations , and if we make something about it , it &apos;s about as much information as we can about it as quickly as we can .
( Voice-over ) Behind the door .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out there right now . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JE : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an innocent report from the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the king who tried to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this research and they spent about two million pounds together .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and only the richest person in Kenya .
This was the grandmother of journalism in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information in front of the elections — the National Election for 28 days .
We released a report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to embark on the person that he was going to crash — Daniel Arp Moi — so this report to President Kibaki became unstable .
CA : So in summary , you could say that accounting information had been provided in Kenya not by official media , but by the way . You think it really changed the outcome of elections ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And then a few days later , it could have been published safely , and Kenyan printing .
This news was delivered in Kenya on TV 20 weeks , and , by the way , Kenya &apos;s reviews , 10 percent have changed the turnaround results and taken the election winner .
CA : It turns out that your search engine is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Andersen : We want to show you a short video clip from Bageye , an Air Force Step .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this ignorance is not about people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody gets it .
I see your element , four Humvees , going after each other ...
I got it . Okay . Open .
Tell them when you see them . Shake them .
Turn them all off .
Run , fire !
( Crackling ) Shake . Shake . ( Crackling ) Shake .
The button — the Bushmaster Dosch , the Bushmaster Dosch .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; dilapidated &#93; , and we &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see it .
One-six , the language of David , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , a-ha . I broke them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences for those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? According to two news agencies , Reuters .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
He died from 18 to 26 .
CA : The search for this video has caused global warming .
What do you think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen the wrong power .
These are people who walk across the street , and Apache is down a kilometer away , and each one of them leaves a 30-millimeter slope , looking for disgust and killing people who are saving lives .
There were two journalists who actually weren &apos;t craftsmen , but were working their way .
CA : Well , it was taken by the British Association analyst Bradley Manning , and he claimed that this video was handed over to you , and together , 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JE : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a sentence of 150,000 cups of assaulting and 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at a cable from the U.S. Embassy Reconcation , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a common audience in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. ambassadors ...
JS : We would have thrown them out . ( CA : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JS : Well , because these things are true of , let &apos;s say , the Arab states , the real damage of human rights in those states .
And when you look at these hidden frames , it makes this image .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What &apos;s your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to publish secret information ?
JAE : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information can be used to overcome .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations put in place is not enough effort and resources , it &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to expect to be able to achieve something good . The organizations that are containing that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end are much more engaged in getting that information back .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice . But from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or societies that information delivery can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the case of our investigation .
I mean , we think of badly immunized policies .
There were cases where we had information that could be private — that could be personal .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data , it &apos;s legitimate secrecy , but our sources that make information actually need to be done .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving his son in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out who had inexplicable motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are not human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like this all the time .
But remember , the Balinese people , the Iraqi people , the Afghans don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change perception and understanding the people who learn from it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to shine light on black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic that when you try to unlock another mystery , you yourself in the mystery of your information sources ?
JE : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources that are disproportionate to other sources .
If we did this , it would be a noisy situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the contrary .
CA : I would be interested in recognizing — from what we &apos;ve heard now — what the TED audience &apos;s opinion is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John .
Or greatness , a nurse &apos;s greatness , carrying light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps him up ?
What do you think he &apos;s dangerous ?
JS : Well , brave . You should be .
CA : This is understandable lions , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : That &apos;s the illustration of our activities , the day-to-day activities .
By the end of last year , a notebook happened in Albania , a few oil fields , just like in the Gulf of Mexico , not that big .
We got a report — a specific engineering analysis of events — in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the different competitions , oil spills , exploded the buildings in the same way .
There was a struggle going on , and part of the Albanian government .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing about , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil is going to get to its own targets .
So we put the document in the country saying we look at the need skeptically .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just check it out , and this week we got a letter from a colleague who wrote a letter to find out the source of the document . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have a right to register a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; Then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , they showed the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identify or test the material , which is , we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get any information from a BP employee ?
JE : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have been declining because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in doing so now , reinventing our basic systems .
The mass of interest is the problem .
Like any startup organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that goes on and on , but it &apos;s not enough for people to process and examine that information .
CA : And what defines the opportunity — is there a lack of willingness to work as journalists , or is there a lack of willingness to work as journalists ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it &apos;s going to change the way we make materials . We have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the less security data .
CA : To better understand you , let me tell you how you got there .
I read that as a child you had to learn in 37 different schools .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then became secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to fix it .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; and quite young law enforcement .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I sent a magazine that I was following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly tailored by the Russian mafia , trying to get rid of your old bank accounts .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving an old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we get them to name us , maybe tell us what kind of event it took to make that choice ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer why it happened .
But the basic values are that intelligent , dignified people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This understanding was made possible by my father and by other intelligent , brilliant people that I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people who don &apos;t have affairs , do they care ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m a fighter , so I can &apos;t really take care of the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I can defend the crowd , which is to give justice to criminals .
This is an object that has been in me for a very long time .
CA : So let &apos;s just tell you a little bit , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , put banking cards in there , and then the news agencies were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
Yet , in the last year , we did the report .
And the national television station was cut down for five minutes to the transmission , and as the movie says , it &apos;s known about the cloud , and the readers were wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on TV , the content was shown on our website , and we were very impressed in Iceland , we were traveling there , talking about these things .
There was a feeling in society that this should never happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law professionals , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to be in a sense an official freedom license ; it would be preserved by journalists in the world , created a new Nobel Prize for freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal persons were identical to the Icelandic State .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Joan .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — is Great Brolley going to be more grim control , will we be more secure , will we be watching Big Bang , or can the process of passing the two ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of expression to discover more transparency — this is happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
What is the route ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll just leave you with one thought in the audience : Jane , be careful , and let &apos;s touch you .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
It was a good day .
My name is Uldus .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
I &apos;m going to talk to you today about a project I call Desperate Romantic .
I took a picture and I gave a new , modern meaning to talk about me in Russia , asking people who aren &apos;t models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s bound to jump , and he &apos;s wearing a violent knee by wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars of Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the film , but I never saw his angle .
He &apos;s blaming his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not expensive to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like the aggressive Chief .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new foundation .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : the ironic , the Greek person , the comparative person .
( Laughter ) In the arts , I ask social questions that define me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most of the 18-year-old , 19-year-old girls are already ready and willing to wake up .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27-year-old .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
Therefore , you see me with the bowl of the Mexican warrior , with the shark of the wine , desperately in his own soil .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by driving girls to achieve their goals , their dreams , and to change their stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we get more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and honest creatures .
And in fact , that consequence is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making reality a little bit more like play .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had sheep interfaces .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story and an event that continues .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of women .
Not a single woman .
I &apos;ve experienced in my own background what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I touched my head in the desk , I broke my teeth , my right eye was quiet .
Then I started to discover my value again .
I &apos;ve been studying for a while , talking to physicians , scientists , and here I am to tell you that the path to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern males have become equal to male-pattern males .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been sleeping for five , the dinner would have been a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet in the morning and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to define the tension , I &apos;m going to deal with some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that &apos;s true
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because it &apos;s the essence of leadership that is the ability to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already cracked up too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even if the Dalai Lama had been a brother and sister , Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t have been bankrupt .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would be walking in a very busy and engaged , maybe the sight would have noticed the glacier because it would have been seven and a half hours of sleep and could have seen the same image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s good for our careers , is good for the world .
So I urge you to reach out and discover the great ideas within us , to unlock the boxes and discover the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The story about this is that imagination needs to be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material — a chess network , using age for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , flourishing forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidates were gone .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright to travel to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day it came , but my paintings were not delivered ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried selling bronze .
But enough to create a large skull , this tool was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the edge of the walk , and I watched as the crowd shut his nets down in languages on the snow .
I &apos;d seen this every day , but I watched this every day in an incredible way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way of creating structural forms without heavy and hard materials .
My first favorite sculpture was to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Play-Doh . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immersed the sculpture slowly .
I found her glittering surfaces , separated from every wind puppet , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with artists , later in Lebanon , and with the headlines .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that they would become what I could make a difference ...
Back in India , we built a network with five and a half million empty handbags , a small one in Madrid .
Thousands of people have seen it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morales , who designed the kingdom design in Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a lasting piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them permanent , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and short-term ones .
For two years , I was looking for fireflies that would retain the ultraviolet crystals , the brake , the air , the duration and the duration , and at the same time remain relatively easy to spread in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wall .
So we exhaled this 4,000-pound peanut button .
We had to design it in such a way that it would rotate with the sweat and restore the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was visual and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed the mouths of the mouths of the deployment of the Japanese-American budget , Peter Heppel .
He helped me meet the double challenge , to achieve the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t handle the sticks to wash my hands .
So I worked with an industrial kitchen factory , and I learned about the possibilities of their car manufacturing , and how they don &apos;t have networks .
But there was no language in which you could translate that unique , ancient drilling of a conventional machine to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
After three years of birth , we had 50,000 square feet of bare feet .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was building , long and unexpected authorities .
( Applause ) This area was white and rough .
Now it has meaning .
You went after the first time in the warehouse .
I watched as the wind was shaking and choreographing , and I felt like I found a contract and I found a connection with the heavens ...
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create places like this for cities of sculpture all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new directions that I work on .
The historic rottle of the city of Philadelphia : its square , I felt , was needed to be much easier than just a web sculpture .
So we experimented with smaller pieces of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be involved in all of this without shaming .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an urban locomotion system .
Another challenge : international , cultural and ideas , the &quot; &quot; Biennial of the Americas &quot; &quot; based in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of the 35-West Bank and their cooperation in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
He repurposed the tectonic plates of the Earth , which meant the eruption of the planet , and , by the way , reduced Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 , &quot; &quot; meaning a microscope that contained Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build them normally using steel wool .
Her structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny little net out of a material , 15 times more dense than a piece of wood .
This sculpture was already intact , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There were no computer programs that could design such complicated network shapes and model them from the ground train .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and create sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
And while they haven &apos;t been able to finance yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures into many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most demanding .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m bringing this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive megafauna shapes .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
I got a friend named Phoenix City .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never loved the local art museum , cut out everything he could from his workplace and forced himself to fit under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the floor , there were wind turbines , besides strangers , sharing the starch detection ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information in the form of energy is collected through all of our senses simultaneously , and it creates a multi-dimensional image of what this garden looks like at the moment it wants , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the essence of energy , with environmental energy , connected through my right-hand corner consciousness .
We are perfect at this moment , we are at the same time , we are wonderful .
My left-hand column — our left-hand columns — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is mostly thinking words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I feel the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
