By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
The first thing I thought about was Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technologist , who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a piece that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Well here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally turned off my panic of cancer , that my family and friends would pick up this letter that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archival archives might have been written better and careful than most , but actually all of us are now creating archiv@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being trafficked every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is look at a few pictures and images of a house , or a grandmother who is living somewhere in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that will live in the clouds within a period of time , a year after you won &apos;t yet .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly intriguing technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortably found me after I logged into a New York restaurant at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but ever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : go to ified . Even before it &apos;s too late .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroom : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The other one is called 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is to create a website for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and a story that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kove , that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of household movies .
I think while machines are able to understand human language and to process massive amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s entire life content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating on so many scales .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital self can continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , and therefore not exclusively with the amount of content that we create and technology can do this in a meaningful way .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Last Tweet &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter history , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions about what you might say in your next message .
Now , as you can see , the results can be striking .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are advanced .
To go further , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if those robots could combine with a unique human character , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in their lifetime ?
After all , think about this tiny stage and election night in 2008 in America , when CNN broadcast live on W.I. among them a hologram of hip hop music in their studio in a special interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same amount of representation of our loved ones to transmit to our views — connecting in a very similar way in life , all the content created by that person until they were still alive .
I think this can be entirely possible because of the amount of data we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be realistic — and if so , what that means is the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after career breakfast — I call them restarters .
These are people who spend a career taking care of their elderly , their children , pursuing their personal interests or their personal health .
With that , and all sorts of career changers : veterans , military junkies , pensioners who go back to work or parents who go back to immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard for the relationship between the workers and the reporter .
By removing people who see a miracle in their lives , we &apos;re describing a lot of risks , and the individuals who do a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
A successful reporter is everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Coast , who returned to work for the social service organization after 25 years .
This is my longest career as well .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in the beginning of his career .
And here is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy referred to the Declaration of Today Show , asking people who tried to come back now , but struggled .
Theresa wrote that there was a five-year-old mother who loved being home , but then after she got to work , she really wanted to get back to work , because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us , when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything for work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously examining companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public and look for work and tell everyone known that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that don &apos;t happen anywhere .
The trust is not going to disappear .
You &apos;re just a soldier who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you a discovery that I made when I tried to get back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to reach out to people in your past , people you work with or along with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even if our comprehension of time goes down , what happens to most of us , what we are left behind by our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
Here I am , driving through my car a day .
Or here I am in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they know nothing about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great encouragement of self-worth to have a relationship with these people and to hear their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been doing news recently when I was at home growing up with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it really well for six months , from the very beginning to the very beginning , until I felt that I realized what was going on in the business world .
I believe that a reporter is a labor force , and that &apos;s why .
We have less well-trained or part-time job reports .
We live a life of more seeds .
We have a great job experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our own faculty .
In addition , we have the energy and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have with the reporter .
First of all , the workers are really excited that the reporter is removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been a technical athlete , it &apos;s just a state .
I was doing financial analysis so long that I used Lotus 1 to 2-3 .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I told the reporter that you would expect them to work by having the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they burst .
The second thing that worries about &quot; &quot; restarters &quot; &quot; is that they don &apos;t worry that &quot; &quot; restarters &quot; &quot; don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I told the reporter that they needed to do a good job and figure out whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant that &apos;s responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been back to the work programs since 2008 , and in 2010 I started to see the possibility of a short-term education , no matter whether you call it a surprise or not , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a common reintegration program .
I saw the return engineer , the missioned Reintegration Canadian , led to an initial leveling program in the war , and then he got a long-term job .
I saw two universities that were involved in a middle career learning program .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s an article in the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; Forty Years of Struggle . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage survivor between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year survivors . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegration program for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are trained , and people who go into permanent positions get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate this program back to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Engineering Association .
Why are companies choosing to reintegrate ?
Because instinctively , it allows employees to come back with real-time examples of work , beyond conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable decision until the staff is over .
This testing process removes the number of risks that the leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a rebellion .
But right now , it &apos;s not just programs that are designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is really a change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of reconstructors , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their return to work was a software supported by their reintegration software .
And there is no obstacle to being able to be a five-year-old program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another parent in her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and it was a bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But that was the work of time .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to get something more , but she couldn &apos;t make any promise .
It was April 2011 .
Tracy loved a company and colleagues , and offices were closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And even though she had a second job offer at another company to work in a permanent situation , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , it raised all of their expectations , and the company not only offered her the latest job in the beginning of 2012 , but it made him more interesting and more complicated because he knew what Tracy could do .
And then in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
Three years of work was an experiment , just like a surprise , and it all ended up in both Tracy and its work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more people work .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t let it suggest that a fixed , sterile kind of salary worker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Tell the first story of their success , and you can become an example of other rebels .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup — the new company — tries to make serious sense of the environment .
We use crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just get through — I &apos;ll just play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) Not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the government .
The worst answer is this .
Then , if it &apos;s done and done , you can make a conclusion .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very carefully was addiction networks .
And we also value companies .
How do they organize ? Will they emerge , not join ?
It &apos;s companies that run more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects , done with the dance artist Saron Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sit the Telephone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird tool of my lap , always asking me to do something for it , as if I were the continuity of his body : turn on the light or bring out a glass of water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind got stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the uncle is a good person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me most was how he used the mobile phone .
He would raise the bar , and I would expect to find a number for him .
So as the answer and the gift of my uncle , I made &quot; &quot; Sit down the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
That &apos;s exactly how my uncle uses the mobile phone that &apos;s created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine for him that he could send his instructions to his sons and daughters around the world . Exactly .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a plate , print his elbow and bind it , and remove the paper .
This device automatically sends out a message to an individual email address .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them in digital .
So my uncle works only with mechanical interface .
And , of course , the object had to be very demanding and graceful ritual , like my uncle and likes .
The next piece , the soundscape instinct , which we called &quot; &quot; The Princess . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we &apos;re surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put tiles on the wall , and there &apos;s little tiles behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around , they kind of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their hair .
And from the shortest sound , they turn off .
So we packed these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we hid behind them over 500 of these little cheeks .
Here &apos;s what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it &apos;s silent around , they sort of go off the shelf .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of dissonance .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
You &apos;ll hear the train that they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . So you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as animals .
So each cheetahs — self-behavior , psychology , customization , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll get it better later .
We made them respond to people , but we noticed that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very excited about the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisible .
How could you experience feeling invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a surveillance system , we built a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Susan , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a clip produced in which the camera made it invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Head ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and moving it around .
This is a very early video that we haven &apos;t solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was cast in space , and then after a monitor on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group would move in the room .
And here &apos;s a work called &quot; &quot; Shoots . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s notice of the oil or the sun shines .
From the front , this object looked very strong and robust , and in between , it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was dozing off to climb up the wall .
Until finally , he got tired and he got tired .
( Laughter ) This is a work by defining a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be thrown into a shell , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s floating around his head like a headache , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Its movement is limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , the boundary would be very , very flat , he would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no nails or flies .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People came into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , and in a few minutes , if you lift through the pain , you get a pat , and you seem to be on the back .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to defeat the willingness of the viewer to run for help , save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked really long and hard , as well as most of our work , to combine the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to set the moment of his critique , because if we were to build it so that it would roll , it would roll , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it wouldn &apos;t roll out the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to run for help .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s releasing the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so he &apos;s running out of it .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object itself is changing .
This is a work that particularly inspired us , and we worked with aesthetics of a cold , semi-autonomous sphere of optics , looking like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the sphere of a mosquito folded in the back .
Our idea was to bring something as cold , as distant and as abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels so close .
And the idea of hiding from that was that after a while you were longing to look at this shape as a mosquito , and you realize that it &apos;s more like a hole in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece , still being made , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach , enjoy you , growing into a bigger and eight-year-old object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts by keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — like trying to preserve a secret or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our creative emotions or our behavior models .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems like the process of creation is an attempt to figure out how this creature wants to exist , what it &apos;s like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Think how much he took for us .
Think about all the services that we use , connectivity , all the industry , all the business .
And that happens throughout our lifetime .
I &apos;m sure that one day , it will go into the textbooks of history a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real issues on the Internet , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve been struggling with these problems for my whole career .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 13.4 centimeter disk infected by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s see .
Okay .
This is the cutting edge sector of a floating disk , and if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the synagogue . &quot; &quot; And then it goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of Pakistani nations .
In fact , there are also phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
The AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are a few pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abotabad , where Bin Laden was held .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the road to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Blake Alamos Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve come a long way .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I was a little bit curious about this realization that both Basit and Amjad computers were also stuck hundreds of times over viruses , totally unconnected over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you a few examples of what they looked like .
I left here a system that allowed me to launch an old software on a modern computer .
So let me now virtually build some installations . Here we go .
Here we have an old virus list .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old laptop , it happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you shut down , you start to walk beneath your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus , at the time when the virus was made by the mice and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labyrinth for example , which we follow in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I go online again to our labor systems , we can actually see and create an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found on the file , called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are hacking computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can hack computers to sell — somebody else &apos;s computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys operate on laptops ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank when they use it , or it can be cyclones .
Cyloggers will quietly fall into your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you Google something .
Every Google looks for a dictionary that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and transmitted by crime .
The same is true for every single one of your blinders and so forth .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you go in and you buy at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy an Internet store , you need to register your name , your content address , your credit card numbers and your credit card deals .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power time , the security code and the name of the card owner .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can go online and you can buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an entire market and business economy built on top of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys actually work from their surgeries , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also flew in the INTERPOL lists for Researchers , like Shaileshame or Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal transgender surgery , where they had millions of people involved .
They &apos;re both hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the Swiss bank account , based on Mr. Jain and that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So cybercrime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that cybercriminals can invest themselves in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are following programs , sampling tests , testing their code , and they have offspring systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves see how we &apos;re working — how people are working — and try to get rid of any protection from any kind of protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This surgery , which is thought to have come from Estonia , moves from one country to the next when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They go from one country to another , from one trial to the other — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support law globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free bills to all cybercriminals in the world .
So crimes that haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one flap hidden .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-figure failure where it &apos;s picked up .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture profile on your Windows computer , the file will actually transmit control of your computer and leave the code .
So if you look at the file of this image — this is the front of the painting — and this is the real code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was coined by the XOR function of 97 .
You just need to believe me , he was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually blow it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is now broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look anything different than an organ .
But just look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see that right down here , you can see an online address : unionionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device that the software will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep hacking the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is here , under all description , as if it were written by somebody .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I commissioned him .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the labyrinth , and one of them reminded us that power is root , like Russia .
And 78 is the coding for the city of Sanc Peterborough .
For example , you can find that in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking at the connections of St. Petersburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who worked on the Internet for a few years , who has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his blog to the popular distribution of Live Journal .
And on this blog he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving the Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty nice 20-year-old car from St. Peterborough .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually made it to the airport .
St. Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put photographs of that incident on his blog — this is his Marcedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got involved with .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the airplane , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the cybercriminals are in trouble ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know where the Earth &apos;s attack comes from .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot shrink them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they stuck this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical management brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , liver in this building is very powerful to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garage , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers working .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have some way of working , even if computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — think about sustainability , replication of repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I said — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were removed from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t care about them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I &apos;m not worried that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life reserving the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that are making millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a combination of people who have disabilities , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are going to be part of this cybercrime world but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and to give them that opportunity to use their bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college with a friend of mine who was on the road from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have a job , so we &apos;re traveling overseas journeys across national parks and national forests — practically the longest way we &apos;ve ever been able to take .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that calls me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see on the road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me very clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally repeats her facial impairment .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go on and say , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signs that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just sticks up to me for a few moments and then she laughs , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And here &apos;s what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , China &apos;s dominant hieroglyphs are in trouble . ( Laughter )
I spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how we act when that happens , and what we can tell about the human nature of it .
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we make ourselves wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
Human beings , in general , are mistakes — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my credit here , I am in the middle of all of a sudden , all of a sudden , all of this sudden acknowledgment of an abstract misconception that goes through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for existing time is where we live .
In real time , we go to meetings ; in real time , we go to dinner with the family ; we go to choices and we vote in real time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , compressed in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that we can do .
So why are we stuck in this right ?
One of the reasons , actually , is because of the feeling that we &apos;re missing .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally , how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s yellow . It &apos;s going down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid , it &apos;s going to go down , I don &apos;t care — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s answers to a different question .
You , people , have answered the question : What is it like to perceive that it &apos;s wrong ?
( Laughter ) Understanding that you &apos;re wrong can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be embarrassing , it could be embarrassing , in fact , it could be funny , like my stupid mistake is because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t hurt .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , which was a floating foot , going on and never catching a bird &apos;s race ?
Almost every sitting in this movie was the moment a bird entered , and the bird flying out of the jar , that &apos;s fine , it &apos;s a bird and it can walk .
But the thing is that the leg is running after it &apos;s broken .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that the leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When something is wrong — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the roof of .
So I should actually address what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any internal signals to tell us that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we &apos;re stuck in this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher brings back the paper , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a joke .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the wrong job are expensive , unaccountable agents — and second of all , to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect , especially a lot of us in this room — have to struggle with this as just becoming idealistic little decades , idealistic , makeshift .
Right , the head of the Minister of Finance , astrophysical , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) It looks like you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just very carefully think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel smart , responsible , willful and secure .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is the Harvard Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She &apos;s prone , the surgeon makes his job — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeon had a serious operation on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of the Health Medical Journal of Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , a surgeon simply felt that he was right on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the essence of that belief that you are right on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a gift of what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to make mistakes , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the decline of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just about perfectly representing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who disagree with you ?
It turns out that most of us are actually pretty much explaining reality in a similar way — some terrifying assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as ours , and when we generally share that information with them , they will glow light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption that is — they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it because of the purposes of personal outrage .
So , it &apos;s a disaster .
This accusation of our rights has stopped us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to one another .
But what &apos;s most striking to me , and what &apos;s more tragic , is that it goes with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are the windows of the visible , and we &apos;re just looking through them and figuring out the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , which is why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and so does that .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Ductor said a very famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am , &quot; &quot; Saint Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; — &quot; Stop , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realizes that our ability to cheat is not some terrible human lack , something that we can either erase or eliminate .
That &apos;s the whole basis of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity .
Last year , for a few reasons , I closed myself to listening to a lot of the public radio show , &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the bottles of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I won .
The smartest thing to do is to make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which happened not once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had a chance to ask this guide , Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , it &apos;s true .
By the way , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we joke that every single one of our series has the same subject hidden .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought that one will happen , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all of these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , are missing this .
We like things like instant feedback loops , false positives and unexpected endings .
Our stories love to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that when he came to Iraq he would find multiple weapons of mass destruction to free people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the president of Egypt for his life , until he was too old and through illness and he could transform his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of the middle school beloved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Luckily and unfortunately , we create an incredible history of the world around us , and then the world turns around and surprises us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible reminder of our ability to fail .
We just spend the whole week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know why we need all of this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half the things that have been most worthwhile to think about and change the world — the TED 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And here &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
Now , this topic , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a step outside of this little , horrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the expansion and the complexity and the mystery of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the leader of Jewish nutrition .
Luckily , those plans were measured by the FTB information .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the center of the World Trade Center .
Noseen was finally destroyed by a criminal .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people are connecting with each other , it &apos;s not going to take too long to understand that we want the same things in life .
A few months ago , he signed me up and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drying .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
The last day , my bright dog gave me a little orange light that went over the target and everything , and especially for me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father , that son .
They all seemed very funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that I had the same desire to destroy my father .
These guys ended up being wasted out of a 45-pound pilgrimage and releasing a lower standard parking lot , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which resulted in a bomb , reduced six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I admire .
The people I called the amygdala , which means the box .
By the time I was in the classroom , I often kept on going .
I was raised to judge people on unbased criteria , like racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really touched my mind was the choices of the president in the year 2000 .
My group was focused on the struggle between the youth , because I was the victim of a great deal of my life , and this topic made me extremely sensitive .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I was friends with was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and if honestly , I felt embarrassed that I could go through a barrier that was largely ineffective in my life .
The next major step in translation was to be taken as I found my summer job at the Bus Garden farm .
There I was showing all the beliefs and cultural people , and this experience was central to educating my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
I was given the opportunity to work on presentations with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , least appropriate people I knew .
My childhood experiences with experiences in me have created a sense of empathy for other sufferings , and it seems to me that it &apos;s not uncomfortable with good people that I &apos;d like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with living experiences and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was &quot; &quot; The Day of the Day . &quot; &quot; Next is Jon Stewart , who made me open with myself about my fanatics , and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Inspire often can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that a famous comedian has made me a greater positive influence than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a champion .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village of my world , and she said what I was going to hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not hitting people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort it took to keep the insurance of myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and potentially put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody would have forced me to use violence , that somebody would have heard my story and realized that there was a better way , that although I had been attached to this cruel , undesirable ideology , I was not allowed to have fantasy .
Instead , I chose my experience to use battles against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the horror pain and the loss that the terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak in front of these feelings and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my dad .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of the tank , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no legs .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I quickly turned around and tried the next door and the windows , and they were all right knocking .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an earlier critic in the morning , and I needed my passion and my sushi .
As I was growing up and freezing , I found a big rock , and I cut the corridors off the window , and I cut the rock inside , and I cut the rock inside , and I found a piece of cardboard , and as the pilot moves around , I molded it into a hole , thinking that in the morning , going up to the air hall , I could call my teacher to get it
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a bronze detector in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings , things like that .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They dissect a card that reinforces heart attack , it changes the adrenaline levels and it makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back into the air , and I prayed , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so he &apos;d get me back on the plane by the side of the toilet , into a seat that doesn &apos;t resign , at 8 o &apos;clock in the air .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours it wouldn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , set up systems that protect these kinds of bad things ?
Or , if something goes wrong , at least the odds of catastrophe are reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but it didn &apos;t work until about a month ago .
I was having lunch with my colleague , the Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and as I was feeling embarrassed , I was telling you about my naked window and how I forgot about it , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was written a few years ago called the pre-frontal lobe research .
You all know what the research on happiness is .
When it happened , the team of experts came in and tried to figure out what was going on .
So today I want to talk to you about a few things that can be done as a contemporary study .
Some are obvious , others are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simplicity .
Play a place at home for things that are easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science based on how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years , to be able to track areas of important things — where there are areas where you can find fish , the areas of the trees where the friendly and the opposite areas live .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that elevates the tactics of drivers in London .
This is the part that lets governments find their own messages .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid , and they still found puzzles .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly sophisticated brain mechanism to find things .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too far , and not so good for moving things .
And so we lose the rockets of the machine , or the eyeballs of the reading and the promise .
So take a place at home with your clothes — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative cube .
For the world , concrete blocks .
The Germans are a special table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
How about journeys ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If those things fail or succeed , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed , the brain is dividing a cartoon .
The Kortian is boring , it makes it harder to think .
So part of pre-frontal cortex analysis is is to realize that , under stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday we &apos;ll all be in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about your treatment or your loved one or helping them develop .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical condition .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , and even to financial or social decisions — any solutions that will overestimate rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the lab results and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will reduce cholesterol production . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know that somebody uses them .
That &apos;s the number we need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take medication or have surgery or other treatments to get one cure .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a Doctor &apos;s vagina , if anything goes wrong , it &apos;s a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKline calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers are required to maintain the standard , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to save one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take a drug for years to close the road to one heart attack , insulin , or something else .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another one , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the externalities of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : the pain of muscles and syringes , the production of the scar and the scar — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take my medicine . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people are on medicine . One is on , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be treated than to be treated .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now , you might think that I took this number out of your head to distract you , but in fact it &apos;s quite typical .
Most surgeries , men under the age of 50 , removed prostate cancer , the number of people we need to do is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries done to keep one person alive .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , the erection disorder , the lack of secrecy , the regular destruction , the lack of measure .
And if you do , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it &apos;s only a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want it to be instantaneous .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain or a longer one that can bring a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our family and our loved ones .
You can reconsider the warming up of the event , but at least you will have tried the cure .
You don &apos;t need to go into the eye with a grave system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of those particles collapses its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about these kinds of situations before .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that all of us are not angry .
We will all be wrong someday .
The point is , let &apos;s think from the earliest point of failure , that we have ways of acting , of reducing failure , of reducing the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Monday , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a master &apos;s app store right next to my doorstep with a duck in front of the door , and it was easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a pile of letters that I didn &apos;t fulfill , and a pile of letters that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union hired a large part of an object in an uninhabited space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rock was huge .
With the same set of current bubbles installed inside of it , two radio waves .
In 1957 , October 4 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco de Game and Columbia have had the pleasure to discover new land .
Now we have the pleasure of exploring space .
And this is in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After leaving Sputnik , he created all sorts of things .
A human being made by the moon , seen by ordinary residents , seemed to have admiration and admiration that people finally brought something to space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Brigades , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our courses were influencing us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can push us into a waterfall using Sputnik .
And then the summary started .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest shocks in America , compared to Perl Harbor and September 11 .
He encouraged the separation of the rockets .
He saw a gun .
It &apos;s a competition for space warming .
In one year &apos;s funding for Congress , a military has grown very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact has driven more weapons production .
For instance , some of you may remember that March of 1958 , the National Security Council was trained when tens of millions of people were in 78 cities , thousands underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik , though , also made some remarkable changes .
For example , a few of these guys here got a scholarship just for Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , the science of nature , and in terms of education , cheating went up dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also lead directly to the creation of ARPA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the situation that seems to be very unequal to what brought America to a very good deal .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to take a break and thank one of my investors — a long time for coming to TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third is less apparent .
Is it all there ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clocks , rocks , dance , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were told mostly that they were going to be replaced by war whales .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my hometown , and even when we were talking to experts , the bodies were developing new mass caves , 20 years after the war happened .
And it seems to be the biggest coffeehouse ever discovered .
Throughout four major conflicts , the difficulty with the development of Bosnia in the early 1990s , around 30,000 people , most of whom were civilians , disappeared and were considered dead , 100,000 were killed in violent surgery .
The Universal Declaration of the Universal Declaration made a few arguments for humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But even with their own intimacy , their cultural heritage , and , ultimately , the same idea that they would have ever existed , abandoned .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be footprints — not perfect crimes .
There will always be footprints that are more comfortable than slums of their bodies or our easier memories .
Our goal is that neither body should be recognized .
Since that time , when they discovered things that the victims carried with them to an executive site , they are carefully controlled , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of rectangles are packed into white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for people to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as really valuable crimes in the cities of war-torn crimes .
The real life is sometimes asked to predict why these objects belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an extraordinarily complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardened or are merely excluded from our actors and our minds .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every remote object , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller of these stories , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people where things are wider .
And maybe in this way somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photographs will survive as a permanent , intolerant and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these objects guarantees that we understand a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; correct expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will recognize , they will only survive in their basements , the bodies and the everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the experience that I stood up to photograph every month .
I would never have been so desperate .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give away a lot of joy .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share some projects going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to achieve these projects , we &apos;re working mostly in the field of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiments that we &apos;re pursuing each of these works .
The first project is called the Listening Color .
The viewer kind of walks into the room , and instantaneously taps these posters into the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , and she seems to be following along and stopping on a rainbow symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two forms .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alignment tables and the other — about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the largest scale is about two meters high .
Like that . And the smallest form is A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s as if the viewer &apos;s being watched in space , and it becomes entertainment and self-fulfillment as it is , it feels like being or moving in a room when they stop at their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems like a watchmaker is creating a sense of sustainability between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite that the boxes themselves are keeping the rules to define them as if they &apos;re playing the instrument of the instrument .
And that brings me to a much quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The user can see a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a sheet of paper , which is held from either side by two small hands that were held seamlessly by focus and attention from a tiny fraction of the medium .
And the viewer also sees that all of this skull is moving very rapidly , as if these two hands are trying to hold a piece of paper without spending much time with it , and they &apos;re not succeeding .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of instability by filming hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a running camera and the other is through a manual camera .
And you can see immediately how instant video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just took the camera out , and we flipped the movement on the plate .
Here &apos;s a video .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to defeat the gesture of a cockroach , like , behind this big piece of paper , it &apos;s a little person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of blood that you need to do this job and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
Another job is Masali .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about as tall as I am .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like a tank — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks past him , he sort of leaves one side and moves his hand closer and closer as the person gets closer .
These are the first stages of the experiment .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of itself in this desperate term .
But the idea is that when you get the attention of the person , they &apos;re not interested in it , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of Maslow .
It looks like it &apos;s a manufacturing device , as if it came from factories like , you know , vehicles or washing machines .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of distance , with our own image .
And so this is a particularly frightening creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
Another job is &quot; &quot; Please . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a voluntary sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the audience that &apos;s seen from the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing from , and each of you looks like this big , and the audience is sort of taking all my visual space .
In Audience , there are 996 little figurations .
They learn to model by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay , how powerful and how long they want to be around them or how they want to be influenced by others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer is in front of the audience , they get an answer .
It can be a multiplication of threats or claws , and then no one happens until the viewer gets to the stage when the audience is reacting again .
It can be anything from a few weak ends of the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as the object itself or the object that also has its own musical notation as the instrument .
So the audience can play by creating fairly complex and various musical structures or soundscapes , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and kindness and uncertainty .
It also has character and character .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy about this image being shared in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms are configured together to make sense of humility and humility .
And here you see a prototype .
So we &apos;re not thinking when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Redemption .
It comes up with ideas from the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create our own dress or a network that sits in the room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little squares living on this site .
They &apos;re also made out of three different sizes , sort of like splitting a certain perspective or landscape into one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and unfold , and down the road , and be hidden in two grams .
So unlike this very strictly integrated network , we wanted to give the models of cartoons and other groups of cartoonists as if they were physically constrained to travel that way .
We love the idea that these figures dance around like they &apos;re fixed and they don &apos;t have patience , like they &apos;re restless and comfortable , until they sense their motion from view and their hidden behind the nearest wall .
So this project gives us an opposite .
These images are sort of embedded in this very grizzly grid grid , which is kind of prison , but also tension , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and vulnerable to what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH to create the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement patterns from our multiplication and created a movement that links the movement of the brain to fold the movement of the movement and the movement back and forth .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits into my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , and in the first week , you do enough that later on in the harder days , you expect everything to slow down . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 year degree , which I had to write for a year .
I knew that my normal job wasn &apos;t working .
It &apos;s a big project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of the closet , and then I &apos;m going to switch on the top of the summer as if I &apos;m going to switch on the slide .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the weird thing happened .
Those first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t forget to start .
And then , two months later , there was one left that went into two weeks .
I was killed one morning , having three days to the end , and still not one word . The only thing I could do was write 90 pages in 72 hours , not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , and I pulled myself slowly as a child and pushed myself before the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad denial . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today I am a blogger .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
So to investigate this , I found a lab at MRI that would scan my brain and indeed analyze it so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s all great until it happens like this .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-makers decided to do something productive , but this is a plan for the monkey , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this will take a while , so there will be no places in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The Gold Rush is not the one who has to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , that works pretty well .
( Laughter ) And for the monkeys , humans are just another animal species .
You &apos;ve got to remix , vaccinate and keep a fetus , and you &apos;ve got to get changed in the game .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilizational society , and the Moon doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are other living creatures — the Rational Society Program that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what would be the most useful thing to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like , during dinner or wandering around in bed , or to enjoy being used for poison .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get stuck .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not really comfortable things in terms of a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Against Games approach .
This is where freedom works when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t happen .
When the monkey is running for the monkey , the question is how do the monkeys end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of comfortable place , where important things happen .
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal miner , who , at the top , looks at it in the most difficult times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get involved and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s do a Google Earth image , and let &apos;s take an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we did that day . ( Laughter )
When six months went to four , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking out of the mind , and after a few seconds the whole system is screamed up . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , the Panic Monster is running the horror — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And finally , the rational decision-maker can take a drink , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monstro explains the whole behavior of a crazy performer , such as something that looks like two weeks ago to me can &apos;t write the first letter of a first language , and then with a miracle of work , it doesn &apos;t go all night and it does eight sheets .
This situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And so I decided to write on the blog a few years ago .
When I did this , the response struck me .
People were frustrated and wrote about how procrastination affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why are people situated in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of lighting .
And that long-term attention is less observed , less about it than about laughter , shorter preparation with terms .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such a bad situation .
It &apos;s not that they would immediately go into a particular project .
This long-term presentation made them into the viewer in their own lives .
They are frustrated not because they haven &apos;t achieved their dreams , but because they &apos;ve managed to start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there were no performers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as immortal as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe you agree with the terms normally , but remember : the monkey rolls down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out not that many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to think about what we actually deliver , because every life extends something .
We must not forget the Stasi Mountain .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work we need to do today .
Well maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Captain William Spenson , who was confirmed recently in the House of Representatives , October 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a synagogue , paved the way toward the medical emergency room .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the kidney , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had to attach the GoPro camera and record this event .
On the screen , you see Captain Synson bringing up a warrior , a drink into a cake .
So I started thinking , where do people come from ?
What is that ? It &apos;s a profound emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s an evolving love , and I &apos;d like to know why there are no people around me that behave this way ?
We give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve in the military .
Those better people tend to be connected to others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great fortune of meeting a few people we would call heroes who were willing to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say &quot; &quot; Trust me &quot; &quot; to do it .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather , whether it &apos;s the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce our lifespan .
So in terms of social animals , we lived together , worked together , what we call safety rates , in the domain where we felt was part of it .
And by feeling secure , a natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
It means that at night , I can rise up and I can believe that some of the gentle ones are safe from danger .
The modern world is just like that .
It can be a new technology to enable your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your business going and get it out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act constantly , and they don &apos;t disappear .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone creates the leader .
I flew on a plane one morning , and I became an instrumental guide : a trip to get on the plane before I turned it on the number , and watched how he was working on the commitment device , acting as a guest , as a guest , as a guest .
He was scared to try to get a little too early .
So I switched on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you act with us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Well , that &apos;s the word .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said ,
I don &apos;t believe in my boss .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we &apos;re forced to spend time and force trying to get rid of each other , which basically weakens our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to build their confidence , their ability to try and push back , and to reach beyond ourselves we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a start-up technology company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , are you thinking about the chance to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released for the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively dissatisfied and so outraged by these bankers that they are receiving inproportionate comparisons and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they undertook the most important principle of leadership .
They adopted the burden of social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motor Teresa ?
Were we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us would .
Different leaders don &apos;t give a damn .
It &apos;s called numbers .
They worship the number of victims per capita .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , is &quot; &quot; Barry-Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company did a lot of press , and at night she lost 30 percent of all its assignments .
In a large manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force .
We needed to save 10 million dollars , and like most companies today , the government is trying to address the issue of leave .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s a lot harder to reduce heart numbers than people do .
He decided to do a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to leave four weeks for free leave .
They were able to choose anytime , not necessarily every four weeks in a row .
He said it was better for everyone to suffer after a while than for them to suffer correctly , and in that way , he threw the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they regret because they have power in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few soldiers in the war outside , and as the soldiers between the soldiers were accepted , the CEO was eating the last , and he was allowing the first to feed his people , and they were finally eating the food supply chain .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they make sure that only their people are safe , that their people should benefit , and by doing so , we &apos;ll get a natural response — our people will complain about us .
They &apos;ll give their blood , their sweat and their skirts to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your nails and your nails on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is the key to getting us from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandmother , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without any limitations .
Part of my learning happened as I helped her to work in remote , local communities .
I respect these memories because they helped me understand the life beyond the limits of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Over these trips , my grandmother gave me a letter in Kipling : &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s wrong . Something &apos;s wrong .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year I became a medical student .
One hundred children born all over the world have some heart disease .
Part of the problems I think I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoothness .
You have to live inside the mom .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart attack .
It allows for modernity and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the number of these blobs is dramatically increasing .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Masa was standing in the Amazonas .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the outside was a green hook .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that branch as a form of editing for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Rice is a waste of time .
Maybe that doesn &apos;t seem obvious to you , but it was the first successful attempt to make a key to this huge problem .
In this video we can see how a very small catheter is moving a rhythm into the heart .
And then she makes a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and develop a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Unfortunately , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treating our own success , we felt very passionate .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 200 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil is different in the living patient because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women used to tell stories of making complicated stories with glasses and unexpected mastery to help us with a new tool .
We used this traditional auditory approach , and we designed a design that was made out of very strong materials that recorded shape .
It seems that right now , the audience is enabling us to create a mobile device that doesn &apos;t degrade , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to process .
As you can see , the device comes into the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device deteriorates , it sits in the right spot and makes a hole .
We have this beautiful installed system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
No open surgery needed .
( Applause ) As a physician , we fight for diseases that require a lot of time and effort to cure — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is in place , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , it &apos;s only about 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients in the former world are part of our team — a team because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We receive forces from our patients .
Their ability to quickly gain strength and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind by a margin or by a margin .
So we need to start with a one-by-one model .
We &apos;re giving one tool for free to ensure that every child gets treated .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that was impossible , that we would expand it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a little town called Motor .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I was sitting with a couple of friends &apos; floor and we were burning in the sun .
The sun beats the sun very well .
When you get drunk , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why isn &apos;t nobody tackling something you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought this thing . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did a little bit of research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are followed by conditions like this , and the core of these diseases is called trichotomy .
It &apos;s clearly an inflammatory infection that &apos;s caused by a naked eye , and a few exposed infections can cause real damage .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid an infection that requires sweating faces : no drugs , no pollutants , no injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trust laptop , I didn &apos;t know how much I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds — I went
Which looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make this a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone as well , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , the first person in the world to think of a change fund .
You lay on the skin , you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I started trying to make a product in school , and then I had very little resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in the market , and you can bring this product and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They miss when they &apos;re required and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the boxes , he takes one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into a small innovation package .
You turn around and you print .
The fun part is that one of the packets has a five-letter education .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even richer parents want to use DriBath in the bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million pounds of water every time you take a bathroom , and you can save two hours a day for kids from the side of the village — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw this global benefit , we define our product as the definition of basic functions , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human fate , and for the poor person , it &apos;s an essential quality of life .
We &apos;ve tried a product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring in markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the Limpopo grocery store , with 50 pounds a week , I &apos;m going to define a way people don &apos;t get paid .
Who stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I also chose the best business student in the world , the first African to win this award , and the stranger that I did it because I didn &apos;t like to blame . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and then I went back to the medical school where I was teaching .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve looked at the white coat and I &apos;ve seen patients .
During that one month , two things struck me .
I asked myself , are we going to meet in this kind of situation where we don &apos;t forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Others , new drugs don &apos;t recover , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are in some ways the targets of government .
You have a lot of valuable health care solutions available to them .
You choose a cold lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the doctors &apos; costs , you can reduce the costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my older colleagues are guilty .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize the health care system ?
So we kind of pulled back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s state and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call that the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by saying value : patients &apos; results in treatment with our money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg in the book .
In this photograph you see my girl surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look more at the quality , and one of the things that really fascinated us most was the revenue that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find that it &apos;s incredibly good , but the numbers of bad are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erick is struggling with prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making a good health care system .
If he &apos;s going to go to the average hospital here , the odds are that after treatment he &apos;s not going to be buried is about 50 percent , so he should start using a sanitary pad again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he would go to Hamburg , to a clinic in Martin-Clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a month or you &apos;re at risk of one of your 20s .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
In many different hospitals , we can see huge differences .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Data often doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s interview and talked about what procedures they used to use when they operated a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal workshops that you use for somebody who needs a new hip .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everybody argues that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and he agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure the quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of a lab operation ? &quot;
And when they did , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pump , it actually works much longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they would get together and say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would come to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
Over many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love that principle .
Terrorists get together , find out what &apos;s best , start research , share data , find the best and learn from it .
Time improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we recall the cost influence on the equation , and look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least amount of money , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the lab operation , and a couple of years ago , there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases , the rate of the quality of the United States is lower than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality and improve its quality to the middle of the OECD , it would save people 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say these numbers are incredible , but although everything makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say that not only could it be done , but it should .
Healthcare workers are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they &apos;re giving their patients is nothing better than what other people are giving them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another quality .
They like to admit others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist who &apos;s working in another hospital and discusses why that other hospital gets to a much better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community , in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Now , you would say that cheating is not a bug , it &apos;s a bug .
It means the International Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we should consider to be universal standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , severe pains , ovarian arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show you the performance of this laptop .
It &apos;s the first time that we compare data not only to countries inside but also international space .
In the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the infections .
Compare those two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new principal whose vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinctively to achieve the quality , the important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing about childcare .
We asked , how can we measure the quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what costs do patients learn , can we treat effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the line stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — forget about it , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he took the hammer off , he cut the hammer off , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not only a cost , but also the results that the patients see , we can be personalized in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health care can start to translate , and I think that the advocate of modern medicine , the Great Hippocratic , whom the patient has always been the most important , smiling their beds .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive most of the success of companies , how important functions actually are for entrepreneurs to succeed .
I believe that startups are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you take a group of people with the right motivations and you put them into a start-up company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the startups are so great , why are they so much terrible ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s important for companies to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a metaphor , avoid some of my own passions , and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I was at the start of school , I sold a solar-electric car stop when I was in high school , doing solar power tools when I was doing loudspeakers at university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who was more effectively involved in corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the achievement , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the patient .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of income from a client ?
In my mind , it started to come to my mind that maybe it was the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Is it early , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 other companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the bottom five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith in them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to respond to these restrictions , as it seemed to me , how companies followed every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a couple of jokes : Webvan , Kozoa , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Action one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up at the end of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drivers were looking for more money , and that was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract space .
We thought the idea was great , but the time was really important .
And then some of our failures .
We started Z.com , it was an online enterprise .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of connection was slow .
It was hard to see the video material online , you had to add some code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Twenty years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased by 50 percent in America , at the same time YouTube .
That &apos;s a good idea , but it &apos;s not time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So to sum up , it &apos;s really important to make a living .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best thing about appreciating time by clients is , are they ready for what you have to offer them ?
Hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher rates of success , and therefore do something good for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I had a happy start in my school life , reading , dinner , getting involved in student laughter .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy , and I was scared of other people , the future , the failure and the vulnerability that I felt inside .
I walked out of the closet when it all started , and I was lying in bed , sweating my armor , and as well as hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he spent days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
It was neutral , it was rhythmic , and even , after a while , it was strange and it was cheering , although sometimes I noticed that it was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I &apos;d hide it , and I &apos;d hide it a lot because I was angry , and then the voice would get annoyed .
A little bit later , a gentle conversation started , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it said that something was wrong with me .
I told my college doctor about it .
And then I was desperately interested and helpful , so I told him about a strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station , and the students were in the field of the university , and during one tough conversation I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was taken away by a terrible , terrifying , terrifying , terrifying , terrifying feeling about myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as experiential , but to the symptom , my fear and desire to respond increased .
And then I was basically hooked up against my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices started to go vicious and violent .
Do you see that glass of water ?
There was fear , avoidance , uncertainty and uncompromising circle , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , not able to find any purpose , not compromise .
Two years later , my condition was pretty much balanced .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud noises , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years of hopelessness seems like something would have died , but something else was saved .
The tribe was once shattered and nurtured by the person , but the person who got out of it was the enemy , and eventually grew up in a person who was forced to become .
In my life , many people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories are awful for the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same May , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to catch all the good , age-old people who fought with me and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing , singular places .
At first it was very hard to believe , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essential to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning that I trusted before .
For example , the voices that were threatened to disrupt my house , I learned to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , rather than a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parents &apos; sleeping bag to protect them from what it looked like to me , to make real noise .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic chip , you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
I finally got my pieces together . Every piece had my voice , and after a while I turned all the pills off and went back to the psychiatry , but on the other side .
Now I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Fair , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and it &apos;s been inspired by Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like the survival strategy , the health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than the prevention and the symptoms of schizop@@
That society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the Chai words , with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You can &apos;t satisfy the person who is saving you .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to shape the sense of urgency and unity , giving power to people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially provides the road to unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique creature that inspires an intellectual piece to heal itself , and that intellectual ability to utilize that capacity .
In this view , societal societies have no greater pride or privilege of helping other peoples exist , to be witnessed and to raise their hand , share the torture and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hidden inside of us can never be touched , hidden and removed .
Light never gets out .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that are impossible to photograph .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I first took my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important for design .
And as you take a picture , you end up with a button .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you break the button .
Photographs like this : road work is underway .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal : to maintain reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of pictures .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a short-term perspective in order to understand an object .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
Who creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really real ; we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , where different parts of reality can emerge in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three very well-represented physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so that it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same image connecting .
It &apos;s simply a collection of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But by linking them together they can make something that looks like this .
So , rule number one : Connecting images should be photographed in the same way .
Secondly , blockchains should have similar lighting .
These two pictures contain both needs : imaging at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : it doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell where different images start and where they end up . Images have to be resolved .
So it &apos;s not possible to say how the image was actually made .
So by mixing colors , contrast and light in boxes , and among the different images , by adding photoreceptors like a layer of wax , by installing color and texture , we &apos;re removing the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think it &apos;s just production , and the bottom half is changing .
But this image is actually all connected from pictures made in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to come up with ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
By the time I thought about this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months , find different parts of the closet .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are from different places .
The bottom is photographed in a stone tank .
And yes , I even put the house on the red wall to look like Swedes .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is to plan .
It all begins with essence , ideas .
Then we mix in , and we mix in different images .
And here , each part is very well thought , planned .
If you get the right frames , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are accessible , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama exploded the secret sauce , the dense official world .
Immediately we got the reverberation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-year-old business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , an addicted violinist .
There are more tickets out there that are worried about new stories , about the progression of another document .
It sounds like a swimming trip , or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should we care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money offline and don &apos;t pay taxes , it &apos;s still less slow for public services like healthcare , education , a few reform .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My organizations at Global Witness call this public disclosure phenomenon .
Journalist and political leaders have been thinking about how an official space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the world of the office is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structures .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to do legal protection , and institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s happening .
Interestingly , this event did not hit the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding in the open air .
It &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , from Germany , or from Nevada , we would see more connections with Americans .
Privacy in America allows employees to expand their students , their grandparents , investors .
It works for all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just missed meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there were problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual event .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , to get rid of the taxes .
Unfortunately , the U.S. is reporting .
So you want the Panama movement to give us a look at the world of openness to drive openness in the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign of time to shift .
We need business leaders to encourage us to say , &quot; Business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money supply and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hello , Julian .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , will have received more hidden documents than there are in all the world put together .
Could it be ?
JE : Well , could it be ?
The concern is that the printing press of the world works so easily that a group of activists are able to communicate more information in this way than the sum of the parts of the world are .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure resource security ?
JE : You can tell that these people are classic inFORM drivers , there &apos;s no way they can deliver information to us .
We use state-of-the-art coding methods to get the materials online , without leaving tracks , while the information is getting access to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the court and the law enforcement .
We get information online , we get it simple , encrypted or not , we check it as a normal news agency , we give it a form — what we rarely do is quite difficult , because language goes about a massive amount of information overload and our own overload of unavoidable rights and political policies .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the subject is as information .
JE : It &apos;s true . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we make a point about it , we &apos;re hardwired as much information as possible .
( Phone phones ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CD-level playing field here at TED . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JE : That was Kroll &apos;s reading .
This was an infamous review taken by the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years ago , led Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with a kidney who was trying to lower the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with another related report , they spent about two million pounds .
The government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and it &apos;s the richest man in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information right before the election — the National Election on December 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to deal with the person he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi , so this report to President Kibaki became an unspeakable violation .
CA : So in closing , you can say that reading information has been leaked to Kenya not from official media , but inadequate . You think it &apos;s really changed the outcome of choice ?
JE : Yes . This information showed up on the front page and then it was reprinted in Kenya &apos;s neighborhoods , Tanzania and South Africa .
Information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published securely , and the printing press of Kenya .
This knowledge on Kenya television was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the Canadian survey data , 10 percent shifted the balance results and it was taken by the winner of the election .
CA : It turns out that your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Anderson : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Force video .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this struggle is not about tougher people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody gets up .
I see your element , four in the Humvees , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Ugh .
Tell me when you saw them . Shake .
Excuse all of them .
Go , fire !
( Automotive beeping ) Come on . Come on . ( Automotive beeping ) Come on .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; flamingos , and we &apos;re still shy .
I understood . I see them .
D-six , the D-six , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , cha-ha . I broke them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JE : The responses to those who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened in this place .
CA : There were 11 people who died in this attack , right ? Together with two news agencies at Reuters .
JE : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
He died from 18 to 26 people .
CA : The search for this video has caused global warming .
How do you think that was the main reason why it was so unpleasant ?
JE : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people saw bad forces .
These are people who are walking barefoot on the street , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter roller coaster ride , looking for wisdom to shine and kill the people who rescue the takers .
There were two journalists , two journalists , who are not really mainstream , who are doing their work directly .
CA : It was taken by the U.S. Attorney General Bradley Manning analyst , and he claimed that this video had passed you , and together , 280,000 CDs in the U.S.
Did he do that ?
JE : We refused to take these cubes .
Five days ago , he was offered a murder for 150,000 pounds of tea and 50 digits .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking for a grant from the U.S. Embassy Rikers , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was this hotshot guy in this room .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic books ...
JE : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JE : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal real truths about , let &apos;s say , the government of Arab countries , definitely human rights violations in those states .
Looking at these hidden corners , this is what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit further .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JE : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be reached by translators .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations inherit immense efforts and resources is hidden outside , then it &apos;s a good sign , and that allows the hope that you can achieve something good , that the organizations that provide that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to inherit that information .
We &apos;ve noticed this in practice . But that &apos;s where journalism comes from .
CA : But is there a risk for a single-person or a whole society that information transmission can actually cause unemployed consequences ?
JE : That wasn &apos;t the case that we were looking for information .
I want to say that we think of poor immunization policies .
There were cases where we had information that could be personal — that could identify a person .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data , it &apos;s legitimate to be secret , but our sources that deliver information actually have to do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you wanted to find out who has unintelligible motivations .
It turns out that American wars laugh at people who die .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like this . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JE : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , people in Baghdad , people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see it every day .
But a video can transform the mindset and understanding of those people who teach all of this , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to shine light on black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock the secrets of others , you &apos;re secretly considering your own information source ?
JE : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any WikiLeaks dissipated .
We don &apos;t have resources that will dissipate in other sources .
If that were the case , we would have a pretty bold situation , but we do our work in ways that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what we &apos;ve heard here — what a TED audience thought .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different perceptions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s work .
Or greatness , the height of compassion , with light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps him up ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous master ?
JE : Well , friendly . You should be .
KS : This is an understanding of lions , Julian , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You have things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the intriguing event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JE : So that &apos;s our day-to-day illustration of action .
Last year at the end of the year , a few oil fields took place in Albania , similar to the coast of Mexico , not so much .
We had a report — a specific engineering analysis of events in which it was written to protect workers from some of the competing , various oil supply chains from building blocks .
The battle was drawn in and part of the governments of Albania were drawn in .
The engineering reports at the top were no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t verify it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what it was talking about .
So we looked at the paper fairly skeptical , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is trying to achieve its own goals .
So we put a document in the country saying we look at the need skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what to do .
It seems interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it , and this week we got a letter from the community who wrote a letter in order to find out the source of the document . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Talk specifically .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to propose a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a beautiful image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the document were shown .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches to identifying or testing the material , exactly — we &apos;re hoping these guys will write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JE : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re having intense search and technical jobs .
And so our billboards have come down in the last few months because they &apos;ve come to great interest , and now we &apos;ve repeated our core systems .
The problem of mass interest is overwhelming .
Like every starting organization , we &apos;re really excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there right now , but it &apos;s not enough for people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — or lack of opportunity for a journalist to work on , or a lack of opportunity for a fresh journalist ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are an organization that is rapidly growing , and it &apos;s driven by the way we use our materials , and we have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and so on and so forth , less security information .
CA : To better understand you , let me tell you how you got there .
I read that you had to teach at 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JE : My parents worked in a movie business and then went away from the following , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologist would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get paid .
JE : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker and you were pretty young adventurers at the law .
JE : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I sent a magazine that I was following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with a hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied to multiple activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly caught by a Russian mafia , wanting to hazard your bank accounts .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re actually paying attention to somebody &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can you call them , perhaps tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JE : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they take care of it .
This understanding was kept from my father and from other intelligent people that I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant , wild people don &apos;t leave behind screens , they care about it ?
JE : Yes . You know , I &apos;m a fighter , so I &apos;m not really able to take care of the revenue , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I could defend the takers — that &apos;s giving refugees the right crimes .
This is a sculpture that has been in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me tell you a little bit about , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , I joined the banks , and then the media companies were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
That gave you a big peace in Iceland . What happened next ?
JE : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
The banking industry was 10 times bigger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we published a report .
And the national TV station was broken for five minutes to the transaction . As a movie movie , it knows about friendship , and the reader says , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , like a broadcasting site was shown on our website , and we were in very exciting places in Iceland , we were walking around , talking about these things .
There was a sense in the community that this shouldn &apos;t have happened anymore , and the result of that was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we launched a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom press , with the greatest preserve of journalists in the world , created a new Nobel Prize for freedom of
Iceland is a northern country , so like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were the same as the Icelandic State .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When you think about the future , how do you think it will be — or does Great Brothers have more grim control , will we be more hideous , will we observe the Great Brothers , or can the process by which they go forward ?
JE : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure in order to harmonize the right for freedom of speech to create more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a challenge for one or another can undermine a very small movement in our power , one way or another .
KS : I think I &apos;ll just give you the premise of the audience : Julian , be careful , and let &apos;s make you strong .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day four .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , composition , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russia similar questions , making sure that people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing , and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be rejected by classmates as if he doesn &apos;t have a self .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them for being accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nike , one of the hairs of Santa Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Half of the movie , but I never saw his angst .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like the aggressive Hulk .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and I play with words : the ironic , the facial person compared to the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19 year-olds , are already ready and dreaming of going nowhere .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls fight to become a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an old girl , and I have no hope of rescuing .
That &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the subatomic tsunami , washing away in my soul .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a video game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re getting more .
And together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into more communal and more harmful creatures .
And actually , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
His work is great . He knows why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making reality a little bit more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh sweatshirts .
People were crying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Heroot , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to reach them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story and an adventure that continues .
We have fictional storytelling . We have skills set as local witness , creating knowledge , sustainability , vision and looking at resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hidden in us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced what was worth sleeping .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I hit my head against the table , and I hit the bullet , and the right eye had to turn .
And then I started to rediscover the value of sleep .
During that time , I was a graduate student , and I was talking to physicians , scientists , and here I am , to say that the roads to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be facing this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to the altitude through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern maturity has become equal to humanity .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treating it for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to sleep five , the dinner would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you going to wake up in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to give you the tension , I &apos;m going to make some calls , and we &apos;re going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but really
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to the Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it seems to me that if my brother Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bombed .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would be a very dry and tight couch , maybe a six-year-old would have noticed the iceberg because it would have been washed after 7.5 hours of sleep and could have seen a common image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude to our lives , what &apos;s good for our careers , is good for the world .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that inspire us , connect the edges and find the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material — a grid of waste , used age for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long , floating forms , the size of buildings that are scaled to the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never looked at creating sculptures , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidates were rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got a suggestion from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat and I made it to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day it came , but my paintings were not released .
I had to take something .
The village used to sound its own sculpture .
So I tried the blessing of bronze .
But for creating large enough sculpture , it was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I watched as dogs sniffing my nets in jars on beds .
Every day , I would see it , but I would consider this extraordinary — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first experienced skull was made in collaboration with these gestures .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; Soft Cuts . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We filmed the skull with images in it .
I found her bright surfaces , separating from each wind , continuously changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach the traditional workshops and collaborate with the farmers , later on in Lithuania and with the dirty words .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from a marvelous object they would become what would change ...
Back in India , we built a network with two and a half million disadvantaged grocery bags , and the culture was just built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morales , who was designing coastal design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term design for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-designed , lasting , as opposed to particularly frustrating and short-term ones .
Two years ago , I was looking for a pollen that would hold up ultraviolet rays , a friend , an air , a fertility , and it would make it easier for me to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the peak in the middle .
So we flew this 4,000-pound peak .
We had to design it in order to move freeze-frame and sustain urban wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed boats for the purposes of polio in America , Peter Hepburn .
He helped me meet the challenge — to reach the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were frostbite couldn &apos;t keep up .
So I &apos;ve been working with an industrial browsing industry , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could have translated that unique ancient ancestor to regular car operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years of being born , we took 50,000 feet off the grid .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost a little authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and rough .
Now it has meaning .
You go after this slide for the first time .
I watched as the wind was spreading through choreography , and I felt like I had found an access , and I also found a connection to the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these sort of skyscrapers for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to describe two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its harvest , it felt , was much easier needed than the grid to create the sculpture .
So we experimented with smaller pieces of water in order to create dry miles that could be formed by wind , and in experimental studies , also people who could be involved in all of this without destroying it .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway track on the ground in real time , so it &apos;s like the x-rays of the city &apos;s movement system .
Another challenge : international , cultural and ideas , the Biennial of the Americas , distributed in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of the 35-West Bank and their collaboration in one slide .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
It reversed the tectonic plates of the Earth , the melting of the planets , and , by no means , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1,26 , which means the telescope that was shrunk on Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny network of materials that were 15 times stronger than a pile .
This sculpture was already totally intact , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York ; they asked me if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build skulls that look like skies .
So far , they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , but I &apos;m dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers to many of the world &apos;s cities where they &apos;re most important .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m combining this with high-tech and engineering to create attractive structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll close with this story .
A friend of mine called Phoenix City .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never mind the local art museum , has shrunk everything he could out of his workshops and made him step under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the floor , there were wind charges popping up , surrounded by strangers sharing mirror findings ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen the human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was lovely . ( Audience : No doubt . )
Information is being produced at the same time through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a multiple portrait of what this present moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m an energy attribute , with the environmental energy mixed up through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re in the unity , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left hemisphere is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what had happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
