In the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
And although this might be a pretty bold idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of cancer , who wrote an online video that was published earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an accident .
He said , &quot; &quot; Well here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked him earlier that when my body finally unlocks the pain of my cancer , that my family and friends would pick up this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archive . &quot; &quot; Now , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive may have been written better and more orderly than most people , but in fact , we &apos;re all now creating
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million light bulbs are sent every day .
And the average consumer on Facebook makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could have done is take a few pictures and images of your home , or the grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after year without you .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell you a picture of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , was quite comfortable finding me after I was signed up in a restaurant in New York at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but ever , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifidi , even before I slept .
( Laughter ) AO : How scared , what ?
So what this service suggests , quite simply , is that they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and a story that they can post after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is even more interesting .
Many of you are probably familiar with Deb Roy , who showed that Covie can analyze over 90,000 hours of films of home .
I believe that while machines can understand human language and address huge amounts of data improves , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will become possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating these large numbers .
And I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s just not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to do it meaningfully .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another task called my next TV analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be striking .
But you can imagine how something like this will happen in five or 10 or 20 years &apos; time , our technical skills improve .
Moving forward , MIT &apos;s media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible scene and election night in 2008 in America when CNN directly released its &quot; &quot; will.I. &quot; &quot; — a hip hop artist in his studio — specifically interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transfer our loved ones &apos; representations into our spaces — in a way that was very similar to life , according to all the content created by that person until they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we use and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career trauma — I call them reposters .
These are people who have done extensive careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interest or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , return to work , or return to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career break is hard because of the loss of interaction between the workers and the reporter .
By working together , people see the miracle in their lives , we &apos;re describing it as a big risk , and the individuals who make a career break can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
That &apos;s the problem of openness that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
The successful reporter is everywhere .
This is Sami Kafali .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist in the United Kingdom , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career of crossing , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Coast , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O didn &apos;t work for the first five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated with a quote from &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; who tried to get back to the present , but confronted with difficulties .
Tracy said that there are five kids &apos; mother who love being in the home , but she had to go back to work after school , and she really wanted to get back to work because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us feel when we do everything we search for work .
She was looking for funders , or bureaucrats , and spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in 2011 when &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I said , first of all , Tracy , that she has to get out of the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone known that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a soldier who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to get back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , people you work with or you learn with , they remind you of how you &apos;ve been before the career break .
And even though self-awareness is decreasing over time , what happens to most of us , what we are left behind by our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
Here I am , driving on a bus a day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and that &apos;s a great assertion of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion because they want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t go into business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been following the news very closely when I was growing up at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the very beginning to the very beginning , until I realized again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that reformers are workforce balances , that &apos;s why .
We have less well-meaning or partnerships .
We live a life of greater success .
We have a great working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the skills of the workforce .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to the workers , there are two concerns that the workers have for the reporter .
First of all , the workers are so excited that the readers are removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed ; it &apos;s just a presence .
I used the financial analysis so long that I used &quot; Lotus 1 to 2 to 3 . &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but I &apos;m using it all the time now .
I say to the reporter , that you would expect them to come to work with their basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they burst .
The second thing that workers do is they don &apos;t care that the reporter doesn &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a work of work .
It &apos;s the reporter responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term payment , whether you call it surprise or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sar Lee &quot; &quot; started a collaborative reintegration program .
I saw , as a return engineer , a missioned head of reintegration , he was running for a first-class mail program in the military , and then he got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities joining the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a headline in a magazine called &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; which is called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see the 40-year-old marriage surgeon in between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated surveillance programs to return to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go to the permanent location get competitive feedback .
Now the seventh biggest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate reintegration tracking programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Teach .
Why do companies choose reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow the employees to make real-world examples of task allocation , and employees don &apos;t have to take the long-term working decision until the institution is over .
This testing method removes the risks associated with leaders by taking recommendations , and they attract great candidates who become great customers .
Think about how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most employees were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But right now , not only are the programs designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of reporter , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their return to work was supported by their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no doubt that pensioners can &apos;t be a curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up with a project called Tracy , and it was a bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would go to something more , but she couldn &apos;t save anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from her house .
And although she had a second offer in the next company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this exercise and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her persistent work at the beginning of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here &apos;s where Tracy was in 2015 .
They paid her magic studies .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
The Tracy Journal was an attempt , as a witness , and it was finally done by both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to as many people as possible .
But nonetheless , if you come back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer a job of surveillance or surveillance for a craftsman who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Keep the first story of their success , and you can be an example of coming to other reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to make serious eye contact with the environment .
Using crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technologies are ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the government .
The answer is yes .
And then , when you do that , and when you do that , you can challenge .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the whole thing is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of frustrations .
We &apos;ve also done business value .
How do they organize ? Will they reach out , not connect ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects working together with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the first object of my own object , which I call the &quot; &quot; sponge phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird device in my lap that would always ask me to do something behind it , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light , or bring a glass of water to it , a set of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the law was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used the mobile phone .
He would lift his arm and expect me to find a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my gift , I made a &quot; &quot; seat phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people in it .
That &apos;s how my uncle uses the mobile phone that &apos;s created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made him an golden writing machine that he could borrow from his son and daughters around the world , same thing .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a plate , print his elbow and instruction and pull out the paper .
This device automatically sends out a message to a person , including .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve engineered a lot of electronics that can understand mechanical activity and turn them into digital .
So my tea is only working with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and received by the ritual , like my shoes and likes .
The next piece is the soundscape , the soundscape feeling that we call &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and cute genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : we put the shelves on the wall , and behind them are the little shelves .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around the event , they kind of settle out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their nose .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we pasted these plaques on three walls of the room .
And behind them we hired over 500 such small farmers .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
As soon as the environment becomes silent , they sort of get out of the box .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become spontaneous with sound .
They don &apos;t respond to basic sounds either .
You &apos;ll hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Text ) But they respond to the first plan . Then you &apos;ll hear this .
( Whistling ) We &apos;re really trying to make them live .
So everybody cheated — self-behavior , psychology , borrowing costs , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enhance it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisibility .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that &apos;s part of the surveillance system , we &apos;ve created a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their funds by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded in which the camera turned it into an invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and switching it off .
This is a very early video clip that hasn &apos;t solved the problem yet , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s covered in space , and then after a monitor on each wall .
All they did was go into the room and people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as the group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s notice of oil or sunlight burning .
In the foreground , this object looked very strong and robust , but in between , it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But just after they &apos;d gone through the country , he &apos;d gone up and down the wall .
And then eventually they got tired and tired .
( Laughter ) This work is inverted by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard ideas that he &apos;s sort of poisoned in a hat , his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s swimming around his head like he &apos;s hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , and the ground would be very flat , it would be thrown overboard .
And there &apos;s no laws or wires .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People go into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re in a hurry up , you get a pat on the back , and it looks like I &apos;m on the back .
And that &apos;s an important moment , because that &apos;s how we wanted to challenge the institutional wish of the viewer to run for him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because in the end , he does something himself .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve been working for a long and heavy , as in many of our jobs , to deal with the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely capture the moment of his critic , because if we had designed it so that he would turn it upside down , it would be embarrassing , but if it didn &apos;t turn upside down enough , it wouldn &apos;t give him the sense of inevitability , so that he wouldn &apos;t have to run .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video clip that we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
It &apos;s getting harder now , so it &apos;s getting harder .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly excited about . We &apos;re working with the aesthetics of steel , all kinds of beautiful jewelry displays that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a spaceship shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to reverse something as hot and remote and abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a stick figure , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you spend your time looking at this shape as a button and realizing it more like a blank space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece still being made , called &quot; &quot; The filler of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a little cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room that , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , you like to cheat , grow into a twice taller and eight-foot object .
So this object is constantly expanding and contracting , so that you have a dynamic connection with people around you , as if you &apos;re trying to protect yourself a secret or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just kind of stare at any being in your mind , it seems that the process of creativity is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services we use , all the connections , all the industry , all the commerce , all the commerce .
And that happens throughout our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day it &apos;s going to go into the history books a few hundred years later , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — this is a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been found on personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector behind the flying saucer , and if you look closely , you can see it here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Hi , it &apos;s come to the fire . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of resistant causes .
In fact , there are also phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
It &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , addressing 730 Nicham Blake in Alamos Iqbal .
I got into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basil and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting there .
Here are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt this sense of pleasure because of the understanding that both the baskets and the Amjad computers were packed hundreds of times over , completely unrelated to each other during the year .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s and the 1990s , of course , are no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I left here a system that allows me to put old software on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s put them here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centipede virus .
So as you can see on the top of the screen , there &apos;s a hundred lights on your computer , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens ) And last example , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you hit , you start to walk on your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected with the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t have brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our labor , which we follow specific instances of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I plug it back into our payload system through the Internet , we can actually see and build an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
Here &apos;s the latest viruses we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find them in tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of malware happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are getting stuck computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can buy these crazy computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how are these guys working on laptops ?
Well , there are a number of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking when they use it , or it can be cyberbullying .
The Cyloggers will quietly lay down on your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer , and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google search term you type in is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and carried by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the synagogue when you join and buy it at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy a ticket on the Internet , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card detention code .
And here &apos;s an example we found a few weeks ago in the server .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card owner .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can go online and get this information as soon as you win .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a fancy market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys are actually able to work from their operations , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and their partner of crime , who also happened to be on the INTERPOL lists for the INTERPOL , for example , the Shephelah or Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had a surgery called the I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hidden .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. officials announced the Swiss bank account of the Swiss bank account , including Jain , and in that bank account , there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online harassment programmers are the same programmers , same testers , check their code , and they have feedback systems with SQL databases .
And they can enable themselves to watch how we work — how we protect people — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global characteristics of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that a family of malware can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when the site is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They go from one country to another , from one judgment to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity globally to support rights when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
Is it , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is a fence packed .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old cross-section of a file that has a cross .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting profile on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the front painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s break it out .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look anything different than the organ .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you can actually see an online address : ononononone-size.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device that your computer will take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is here , under all description , as if it were written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made him proud .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the labyrinth , and one of them reminded us that there is a limb like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone number and number of cars and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Sanc Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian man who &apos;s been online for a couple of years , and he has his private page , and he &apos;s leading his website to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — in the early &apos; 30s — wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of paper and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car for a 20-year-old boy from Sanc Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Santa Petersburg , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of the incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the avian photos , you can see that the number on the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Now , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s it . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online crashes are doomed ?
Well , often it doesn &apos;t go that far .
The vast majority of cyberattacks on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , quite often it &apos;s not the result .
Police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot afford them .
I &apos;d like it to be simpler , but hey , it &apos;s not .
But things are changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they stuck something like this .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programming a logical control block .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put them in their place and do their work .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet touches one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take away .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food processing plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer-controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very addicted to the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed there is something that creates a whole new problem for us .
We need to have some way of working , even if the computer doesn &apos;t need it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand ourselves don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I &apos;m not worried that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not defending against cybercrime , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is a broader global , international law enforcement job of seeking out groups of online violent groups — these organized groups that are doing millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is to find those people who are responsible for the attacks , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this mess world , but not yet .
We need to find people with particles , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their part for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend of mine and I were on a road from Province , Rod Ailda , to the state of Portland in Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel the country parks and national forests — roughly the longest path we &apos;ve ever been able to take .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that calls me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that mean for the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the first set of rules ideally reveals her facial simulation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signs that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just staring at me for a few moments , and then she &apos;s laughing , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signals around us , and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it in some abstract way .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my convictions here , I am in time , all of a sudden this notion of an abstract misconception of failure is deflected through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for real time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re in the middle of time with our family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the rest of the time .
So in reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a lifelong journey , obsessed with this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we &apos;re so obsessed with this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative vehicle you can do .
So why are we stuck in this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re lying .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting next to this : What feeling — emotionally — how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to happen down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
By the way , it &apos;s going down , I don &apos;t like it — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to perceive that you &apos;re lying ?
( Laughter ) The realization that mistakes can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , actually , it can be funny , as my silly face is mistaking for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a ferocious foot going on and never going to win the bird ?
In almost every movie theater there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird hits the muck , and it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is that the leg is running after the scar .
And what &apos;s funny — at least , if you &apos;re six years old — is that your leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
And then it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re in the seat , but we feel like we &apos;re on the seat .
So really , I have to admit to what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false visual .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we are wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we &apos;re obsessed with this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Consider the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the test letters , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a mantra .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A silly kid , a security guest , someone who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who do the right job are expensive , unaccountable bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to succeed in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect a lot of us in this room — argue with that by just becoming idealistic little decades , idealistic , makeshift .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the possibility that we did something wrong .
Because if you do something wrong , it means there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just think we &apos;re right because we &apos;re smart , responsible , fat and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and goes to the operating room .
She gets painted , the surgeons do their job — they get confused and they send her to the gym .
It looks like everything was fine .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is it built not on the side of my body ? &quot; &quot; So not on the side of her body , because the surgeons did a serious operation on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason surgeons simply felt that he was right on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story was essentially that overwhelming belief that you were right on the right side of everything could be very dangerous .
The sense of entitlement that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , and so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or global economic destruction .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs just perfect reflect reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , have some misleading assumptions .
The first thing that we do is we usually do something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is — they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it because of the personal agenda .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our right allows us to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us act horribly with each other .
But what &apos;s most striking to me , and most tragic to me , is that it goes on with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if it were , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your brain is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see that , and so on .
And yes , we &apos;re wrong too .
In 1200 , until D.C. put it this famous phrase : &quot; &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; In Augustine , he sat down and he wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Adorable , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something that is a terrible human loss , something that we can cheat or lose .
It &apos;s totally based on who we are .
Because unlike God , we really don &apos;t know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
In the last year , for several reasons , I &apos;ve been involved in a lot of public radio failures , this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became smart enough to make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like , &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As creators of happiness , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought that one will happen , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these amazing , unsuccessful and mistaken moments to make sure these stories appear . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like static narratives , misleading clues and misleading endings .
Our stories love to fail .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think that one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he would be the president of Egypt for the rest of his life , until he was too old and through illness and he could transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think you &apos;re going to grow up and stay out of the middle school loved one , go back to your city and grow a bunch of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I wrote an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and fortunately , we create an incredible narrative about the world around us , and then the world around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible reminder of our ability to fail .
We just spend the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but you know , why do we need all this innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that have been most valuable to think about and change the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
These topics , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , are fantastic new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a miracle out of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the leader of Jewish living .
Thankfully , those plans have been obtained by the FTB player .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not the center of global trade .
They were ultimately dictated by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connecting with each other , they realize that in life , we want the same things don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he introduced me and explained to me that the last few weeks with his friends went to the bathroom in Long Island to practice breaking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , my last round of apartment received a small orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , all the targets had collapsed .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father , that son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same thing that my father had .
These people ended up climbing 650 kilograms of fertilizer and leaving it at a lower level station , a global trade center in the north tower , creating a pollution , reducing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I made .
People I &apos;ve called amum , which means tea .
I spent a lot of time in the classroom being a new face , and I used to have a lot of experience .
I was raised to justify people based on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choice of the president of the year 2000 .
The focus of my group was on the struggle between youth because I was the victim of a large part of my life , and it was extraordinarily inspiring to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the events , I found out that one of the children I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I had no friend &apos;s name , and if I was honest , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier that was considered most of my life to be ineffective .
The other major step in opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens Industrial Park .
And there I was showing all the beliefs and cultures , and this experience was based on the education of my distant character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
In the Prussian Park , I got a chance to work in shows with some gay artists , and I quickly realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me creates a sense of empathy for other suffering , and I find it intangible to treat good people not the way I would like them to behave with me .
And that made me feel that I could compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with a living experience and a connection .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Lord of the Christ . &quot; &quot; Next time , Jon Stewart challenged me to be open to myself about my feminism and helped me understand that human race , religion and sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the judge on the comedian has made me a greater positive effect than my extremist father , I am not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eye of a fixed man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it takes to hold the unknown in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I discover my story and potentially put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone was forced to use violence , someone was going to hear my story and realize that there was a better way to go , and although I had been involved in this violent , non-orthodox ideology , I wasn &apos;t allowed to be a feminist .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible suffering and loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak in front of these feelings and I &apos;m going to counter my father &apos;s action .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my dad .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no arms .
Actually , I could see them through the window at the control room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night , because I had a previous card in Europe in the morning , and I needed my pants and my legs .
With no heat and no heat , I found a big stone , and I cut a corridor window , and I took out a glass of glass , and I packed it inside , and I found a piece of cardboard , and with a piece of crab , I molded it in my thigh , thinking that morning , I would climb to the air shuttle , I would call the teacher to
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a painter in the middle of the night , so I thought , under conditions , things would look like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They &apos;re separating the cartograph that facilitates heart failure , and it changes the level of adrenaline and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And just in the traveling record , I realized that I didn &apos;t have a chance . ( Laughter )
This is me flying home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a sleep , I swam back to the airport , and I prayed , but they had given my place to someone else , so they &apos;d come back to me on the plane next to the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t remind me of the eight hours in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours of noise .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do anything , set up systems that protect you against such bad things ?
Or if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe is already lowered .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t go back until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as soon as I was speaking , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot his passion , and Danny said that he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist , Gary Klein , who wrote a few years ago , called the study of contemporary dishappiness .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When the unfortunate happens , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can do as a contemporary study .
Some of them are obvious , others are not .
I &apos;m going to start with the simplicity .
Put a place at home for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it &apos;s , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus , where you can find fish , the area of the tree where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that &apos;s being held up by the driver in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows governments to find their own secrets .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where they smelled the smell exactly , and they still found the shit .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using hypoglycemic brain mechanisms to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and aren &apos;t moving very well .
And therefore we lose the doors of the machine , or the eyeballs of reading and so forth .
So put your arms at home , your head cable at the door , maybe your decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
For kids , the desk is a perfect table .
If you divide space and really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , by the way , send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or damaging , you &apos;re going to get them a lot easier .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when your brain is stressed out , it &apos;s a cartoon .
The Kortian is boring , he &apos;s having trouble thinking .
So part of pre-frontal injury analysis is is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And perhaps there is no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about whether we &apos;re treating our wounds or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the decisions involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions , to any decision that overestimate the rational facts .
You go to your doctor and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab results , and your cholesterol is quite high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think , well , the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe even someone you know who &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number you need to stay .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might think , well , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s officer , if anything is wrong , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlein calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to maintain to the most published building , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it for one person ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take a drug for years until they have a heart attack or an insult or something .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask the other one , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And there &apos;s frightening things among them : the next pain of mushrooms and nectar , the next pain of crab and paper — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take the medicine . &quot; &quot; But wait a minute .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One percent of those 300 have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a cure than to get you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying you should talk to your doctor .
You have to be right to get this kind of information so you can check whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number from my head to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite typical .
The typical surgery for men over 50 years is that the prevalence of prostate cancer is 50 .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done to keep one person alive .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection declines , their hidden decline , their regular decline , will be missing .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who represents that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one that can carry a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our family and our loved ones .
You can reconsider the warning of the event , but at least you have tried to do it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles into its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can last longer , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re all wrong .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways to do things like reduce green or reduce the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montana when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s deposit on the side of my door , handcuffed from the front door , easily to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a brown face that I didn &apos;t paint and a brown face that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a gradual process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago in the Soviet Union , a group of engineers hired a big object in an unlivable area .
They expected to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history during space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same current bubble installed in front of it , two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco da Gama and Columbia had the pleasure to discover new lands .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re watching a clip from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After Sputnik ran out of space .
A human being made up of the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a commitment and a commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But in three days &apos; time , so-called Red Day , the media and politicians were telling us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can push us through the watering hole of Sputnik .
And then the whole puzzle started .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crashes related to Perl Harbor and the 11 tragedy of September 11 .
He touched the rocket show .
He saw weapons .
And the race to curve space .
By funding the Congress , within a single year , the arms grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 atomic weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For instance , some of you here may remember that March of 1958 , the Civil Rights Movement trained , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were wandering underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has also made some fabulous changes .
For instance , some of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , science and education , the curriculum has grown enormously .
Wynn Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to the creation of ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film reveals how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very disproportionate to what Americans typically benefit .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
In closing , I &apos;d like to use the money and appreciate one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d like to thank you all as well .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I work for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for 44 years , and I was at the very first TED Conference .
The third condition is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , shells , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They &apos;ve been told most of the time that they &apos;re going to turn into warriors .
These things were discovered in captivity capabilities in my country , and even when we were talking to experts , we were reinventing bodies of new mass capabilities 20 years after the war .
And it looks like this is the largest squirrel ever discovered .
During the four major breakthroughs of the Cold War , the earliest of the ninth century , about 30,000 people , most of whom civilians , died and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The International Criminal Law has done a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and , ultimately , the very idea that they had ever existed , humiliated .
Genocide is not only about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be legs — there are no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are more frequent than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the victims carry with them to the execution room are highly controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Hundreds of lobsters are tagged in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
These things are used as a tool to recognize the victims , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable perpetrator in the victims of the warfare in the present day .
The rest of life is often asked to figure out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , ineffective and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are messy or they &apos;re just sold out of our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object , to create a visual archive that could easily be viewed .
As a storyteller of these stories , I want to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people a little bit wider .
And perhaps in this way , someone will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforgiving memory of what has happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and understanding these things makes us realize each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; Right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result of that is a photograph that is as close to all of us as the next document can be .
One day when all the individuals will recognize , they will only have bodies floating in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to do — take photos every single day of the month .
I would never have been so wasted .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some projects with you .
Since we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re usually working in the field of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we &apos;re pursuing for each of these works .
The first project is called the Listening Color .
The viewer kind of walks into the room and immediately touches these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , and she seems to be breathing and breathing into a gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute sustainability .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alignment table , and the other is about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s a lot . And the smallest form is A4 .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the ceiling becomes a reflective observatory in space , and it becomes entertainment and self-fulfillment until they feel like they are or moving in a room when they stop again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it may also be quite the opposite that the claws themselves are so tightly kept to construct the rules that they , as if the viewer had played the rules .
This brings me to a more recent , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a paper page attached to the far wall , but you &apos;ll notice that it &apos;s a thin A4 shape , or a leaf of paper that &apos;s made up of two small arms that have been carried out of both sides of the page and carried out of a small piece of medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves very , very slowly , as if these two hands are trying to hold a piece of paper while it &apos;s not smoking for a long time , and they &apos;re not succeeding .
So this instability is very reminiscent of the instability being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips after one .
One is through a hidden camera and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feeds on the observer and the subjective gaze .
So we just removed the camera and placed the motion on the board .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to defuse the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , it &apos;s a small human being with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of bag you have to perform in this audience , and very delicately presenting this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
Another task is Masali .
It &apos;s a quarter-scale model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall instrument — a head , and his only purpose is to attract his attention .
So as the viewer walks in , it sort of runs from one side to the other and moves his hands closer and closer as the person gets closer .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get the attention of the person , it &apos;s not interesting , and it &apos;s looking for the attention of the other person .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate &quot; &quot; masal &quot; &quot; body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory , like a vending machine or a washing machine .
Since we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of perspective with our own reflection .
And so for us , it &apos;s a profoundly dangerous creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need us to pay attention to , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
Another task is &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium as a person standing on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at the size of this audience , and the audience sort of takes the full view .
There are 96 little figures in the audience .
They are taught mechanically to play by choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spread as powerful and as long as they want to be acting around them or influencing others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a few claims or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks off the stage and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak applauses from the audience or it could be a very sound ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object itself or an organism that also has a unique musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complex and variety of musical notes or soundscapes , but they cannot invoke the audience in a way that would respond appropriately .
So there &apos;s a feeling of being able to contemplate the decision and the sense of commitment and uncertainty .
It also has seduction and puncture .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the mental images being shared in both hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , as if the two brains are synthesizing with each other to discover the meaning of doubt and inferiority .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get rid of all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create our own range or a network that lives in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures living in this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would expect a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first on the road , and hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the figurative stripes and the soft tissues as if the slower strikes were physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re mad and they don &apos;t care , as if they &apos;re annoyed and contented , as long as they feel the motion of view and they hide behind the nearest wall .
So we have a very opposite project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grid grid , which is like a prisoner , but also a warrior , because it allows them to survive the bushes and the nails and the irresistible things that are going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life values that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete , technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with Curike ETH on building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions out of our multiplication and created a movement that connected the head movement and the movement back together .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it fits in my throat .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little bit slower , but in the first week , you did enough to make sure that later on in the difficult days , you would expect everything to slow down . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that this kind of work didn &apos;t work .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , and then I &apos;m going to augment the scaffold and the end — I &apos;m going to turn the scaffold on , just like the scaffold on the cover .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , within two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and I still didn &apos;t have a single word . The only thing that happened was I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I checked out not one , but two nights without my bedroom — people shouldn &apos;t do that — I walked across the city of students , I sat down as slowly as a movie , and I pushed the end of the terminal .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to capture the moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a writer and a writer .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about reporting .
To test this , I found an MRI lab that was engineering my brain and a real non-processing brain so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unemployed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the paycheck ?
It means it &apos;s all great until it happens like this .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but she didn &apos;t like that plan for the monkey , so she took the government and said , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Carrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a little bit of time , so in the workshop there &apos;s no place for serious work .
The original Millennium Development Goals are not the one that should solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know who she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal kingdom .
( Laughter ) And the monkeys are just one more kind of animal .
You have to smile , imitate and keep your birthday , and the whole thing in your garage would have changed .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why the rest of our brain is a rational decision maker that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what would be the most useful thing to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take things that are fun and easy to do , like sleeping on a dinner party or sleeping on a bed , or to enjoy a meal later .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call it the Dark Ages .
This is what happens when liberal activity shouldn &apos;t happen .
When the monkey is running for the monkey , the question is , how do the caregivers roughly end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of pleasant places where important things happen ?
And it turns out that the payload has a coal burglar that goes from top to looking at it at the toughest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get involved and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s put Google Earth together , and let &apos;s bring India &apos;s image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When I turned four in six months , then — two , and after that — one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I opened the web , and I saw my face , relaxed to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts walking out of the mind , and after a few seconds the whole system is lit up . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember the Panic Monster is missing her — by the way , she &apos;s missing !
And finally , the rational decision-maker can take the driver and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unadulterated , such as something like me can &apos;t write the first word for two weeks , and then the magical thing about the workforce doesn &apos;t last night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the payload system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the web a few years ago .
When I did that , the response struck me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how delegation affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less observation , less talking about it than about funnier , shorter preparation with terms .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and rewarding .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re going to be prohibiting a particular project .
This long-term focus has turned them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there is no non-disclosure .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re normal with terms , but remember : The monkey is synchronizing when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at these calendars .
We have to think about what we &apos;re actually paying attention to , because we &apos;re paying attention to something in every life .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
The nearest time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Capiton William Simpson , who was recently voted for Congress on the Middle East for his act in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , paved the way towards the cure for medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the devil , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
In this picture , you can see Captain Seinson bringing a colossal warrior to a wagon rut .
So I started thinking , where are these people coming from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a profound emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s friendly love , and I want to know why there are no people around me that behave this way ?
On the vertical axis , we &apos;re making a reward for people who are willing to donate to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And the first thing I learned was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are willing to connect .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting a few people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
What did you do ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do this for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do it .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the length of our lives .
So we treat social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a security agenda , in a place where we feel like we &apos;re part of it .
And in their own safety , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
Which means that at night , I can rise up and believe that someone from the official security is at risk .
The modern world is exactly like this .
It could be a new technology to enable your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or stay out of business , but at least try to get your agenda going and get your business going .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only alternative is the atmosphere itself in the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone is what leaders create .
I was on a plane , and I was on a journey , and I became an inaugural advocate : the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it down , and I noticed how he was working on the landing target behavior with him as a defender , as a refugee .
He was shocked to try to get a little too early .
So I switched on .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us humanly ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , words .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or don &apos;t quit the job . &quot; &quot; And she actually told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love them because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we &apos;re forced to spend time and force trying to get rid of each other , which is basically weakening our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it need to be that way ?
Big leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , their ability to attempt and to cheat , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have a problem in your family , are you thinking about the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
The next time you do Next Jump , you will never be released because of the wrong additional challenges .
And that &apos;s why so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and proud of those bankers who are receiving inproportionate tradeoffs and rewards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mothers Teresa ?
Would we cheat ? Of course not . None of us cheat .
Different leaders don &apos;t give in any way .
They name numbers .
They make sure the number of babies is named after people .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the middle west of &quot; &quot; Barry-Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company vastly influenced the recession , and by night she lost 30 percent of all her address .
In large manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We needed to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government sat down to answer the question of openness .
Bob didn &apos;t agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s a lot harder to reduce the number of heart attacks .
It was determined to have a holiday program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to go for four weeks of unpaid leave .
Athropologists could choose whenever they were in a row at all .
He said it was better for everyone to cheat just by a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way he created the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re — the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get the people in charge .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of several warriors standing in the middle of the war , and as the warrior was accepted , the head of the commander was eating the last and let their people die for the first time , and they were left to eat their food suppliers .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people carried a little bit of food to make sure that this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call them leaders , because they deserve to grow up to be safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll have a natural response — our people will suffer for us .
They give their blood , their hands , their shakes , to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you give your blood , your shirt and your shirt to that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned that from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has happened as I &apos;ve helped her in the remote , local community .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures and other barriers .
And on these trips , my grandmother gave me a letter of Kiplingo , and she said , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from mountains .
Get up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; And the following year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has some heart disease .
Part of these problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
The rabbits have to live inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , these gray aperture blades are dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Mato sat in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the rain was the green boots .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of persistence for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , it can be done with them .
Religion is the enemy .
Now that may not seem obvious to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create a key to this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter is bringing a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and develop a prototype .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With our wife and our partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the top is different because the coal in between the arteries is bigger .
Most of the patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
The research began again .
We came back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
For years , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with glasses , and unexpected mastery helped us build a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we built a design that was made out of very strong materials that would record shape .
It seems that at this point the audience is allowing us to create a toolbox that doesn &apos;t hurt because it &apos;s made out of only one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structure process that requires decades to stretch .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s ready for support , and it &apos;s manufacturing .
We have this beautiful facility that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we fight diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful to look at medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients we &apos;ve been on are part of our team , because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly discover power and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind for the rest of the life , not for the struggle or for the struggle .
So we need to start with a one-to-one model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child is healthy .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that was impossible , and we will spread it , and it &apos;s true : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Middle .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends &apos; ground and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why isn &apos;t nobody telling you something you can put on your skin and not have to drink ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases extend to conditions like this , the main disease is called trichotomy .
It &apos;s truly an infection in the eye where the eye is trapped , and some of the infections that are trapped can completely change .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that if you prevent severe infections , you have to swim your face : you don &apos;t need drugs , vaccines or infections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like heating , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my cellphone , I didn &apos;t have a laptop 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop above 20 pounds in the coffee machine — I
It looks like something out of a KFC art , you know ?
And then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person in the world who owned the patent , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I did not have to adjust anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , the world &apos;s first changed clothes .
You climb onto the skin , and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So , I was trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in the markets , and I can feed this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the replacement cycles , he picks one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started replacing DryBath as a small innovative change .
Ask for a half and a half .
The fun part is that one replacement therefore stands for a one-by-five lesson .
When we created the model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We found that even rich parents want to use DriBath in a bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million liters of water every time you spend heating , you save two hours a day on kids in rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw this universal benefit , we came up with a definition of the primary functions of our product , which was light and flexibility .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s identity , and for the poor man , the vital importance of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring in the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on Styrofoam Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
Who stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process is Google has chosen to me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best student in the business world , the first African to pay for this bill , and the oddest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like it . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in vacation , and then I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and I saw several patients .
Throughout that month , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , are we going to meet this lack of money , or are we not going to forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs are not being abused , therefore they &apos;re not being abused .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
There are many cost-effective health care solutions available right now .
You take a test in the lab , and you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs of the doctor , you can reduce the payoff .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are guilty .
We looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
And we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in health care , we &apos;re trying to improve the way patients are , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it health care .
On the screen , you see what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the result of treatment in patients with our money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you see my tattoo with three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to pay more attention to quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in our study was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in the country , you can find that it &apos;s remarkably good , but the numbers of bad are enormously larger .
The differences were dramatic .
My actor Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany with a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the odds are that after the treatment he &apos;s not going to keep the secret is about 50 percent , so he should start using the pill once again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . Fifty percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead he &apos;d go to Hamburg , to a clinic in Martin-Clinic , the risk would be only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monster or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in different clinics , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who came to visit in a year &apos;s dating and talked about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we should know and we should be able to learn the best . &quot; &quot; They spent two years asking , &quot; What is the quality of the club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on it , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They released the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been collecting data every year .
Every year they would gather together to say , what &apos;s the best thing ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , the Swedish surgeons have shown the best results in the world , at least for those who equate and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
So therapists come together , decide what &apos;s best , they start a study , they share data , they discover the best and the best .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the price performance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved high quality have also experienced low income , even though that was not the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to do it again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD often does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the prevalence rate is smaller than average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measuring and improving its quality to the OECD average , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the health care budget in the country .
Now , you might say , these numbers are incredible , but is everything logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The most effective health care systems are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another quality .
They like to recognize others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the other clinic , and they discuss why the other clinic gets to a much better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement , which we see in this slide .
Most people will say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Now , let &apos;s say that cheating is here , but it &apos;s not a cheating , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Consortium on Health Recession .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the illness after the illness , which is really qualitative , what we need to count and make international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four workforce groups have been working for the last year : the cataracts , the heartbreak , the medical artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups will show you the fruits of this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in international space .
Over the next year , we &apos;re planning to look at eight diseases , plus 16 .
In three years , we &apos;re going to study 40 percent of the disease burden .
Compare those two things . Which one is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest medical center in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we sat in the classroom with our doctors , our sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We &apos;ve talked about how we treat children , how important are the improvements ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , so much enthusiasm .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the church stood up .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a conversation today about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that patients see , we can make individuals in hospitals and elsewhere in health care , not a problem , but a key part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start to translate , and I think that the modern medical advocate , the Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling in their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are driving the success of companies , the effects that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that start-up companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you have a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , you can unlock people &apos;s potential .
They can achieve incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so big ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is the most important thing for companies to succeed .
I wanted to try to do a metaphor , avoid some of my experiences , and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been working on a business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-powered car stop in a middle school , when I was doing solar power units when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best for companies &apos;s success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
One , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because it &apos;s a very valuable &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the performing , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote the author Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets in the face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of a team is most likely to be able to adapt to the face of a client .
The client is real .
And so I began to think that maybe the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of income from a client ?
In my mind , it began to rise to the topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
And then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Are we going to start , but do we still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Good To NZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the bottom of five companies — Z.com , Insider Page , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but we didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to respond to all of these restrictions , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And some yellows : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; Kozo , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I was trying to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were startling me .
The number one was time .
Time has been important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and decline .
This company showed up at the end of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Soldiers were looking for expensive money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to bring prosperity .
We thought the idea was great , but the time was really important .
And then some of us failed .
We founded a company called Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of connection was slow .
It was hard to look at the raw material online , you had to add some code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of coding was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the number of coding links increased by 50 percent in America , the same time , YouTube .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that accomplishment is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to evaluate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them ?
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re great listeners .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , getting into college laughs .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy and resilient , and I was afraid of the other people , the future , the failure and the passion I felt inside .
I got out of the seminar when it all started , and I swept on my shoulder , and I bent my shoulder , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , I was like , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I listened , nothing was around , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was angry , and even , after a while , he was strangely friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was hiding , and I was hiding often because I was angry , then the voice would get angry .
A little bit later , a gentle conversation started , that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told the doctors of my university .
And then I was hopelessly interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For example , I was working at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to a university area , and during one session , I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been seduced into a bunch of events .
I was sent to a hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the awful , awful , awful feeling of awareness and awareness of myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broke .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices were contradictory and funny .
Can you see that glass of water ?
There was a circle of fear , of avoidance , of lack of belief and uncomprehension , and it was the struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find a target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was highly controversial .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those cruel years of immersion seems like something has died , but at the same time something has been saved .
The penis was originally destroyed and destroyed by a human being , but the person who made it out of it was a victim , and eventually grew up in a person I was tempted to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been traumatized by me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who have helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same summer , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to argue with all the good , generous people who fought with me and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing and alone places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , it was essential for the first step to learn the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I believed before .
For instance , the voices that rose to burn my house taught me to interpret them as their own fears and insecurity in the world , not the real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my father &apos;s sleeping bag to protect them from what it looked like to be a true violation of a voice .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
While knowing all this , I finally got my pieces together , and each of these pieces had my voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be an Interval , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Vote Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Marie Romeo and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like a survival strategy , a healthy response to unintelligent circumstances , not a division and a symptom of schizophrenia
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who is making you better .
You can &apos;t get people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Vote established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to create a sense of humor and unity , giving powerful people who are armed with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that essentially raises the road to unthinkable self-esteem .
As Peter Levine once said , a human being is a unique being that has been given an instinctive component to cure yourself and the cognitive side to use this capacity .
In this respect , there is no greater honor or or of the privilege of helping other people with their education processes , to be the guardians and to raise their hand sharing the pain and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hidden in us can never be touched , hidden and remembered .
The light never goes off .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are images that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It turned out to be a little bit different to my previous passion for drawing , but it was a little different because using a camera , more importantly , it was planning .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a pause .
So for me photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you stop the magnet .
These are pictures like this : road jobs are on the way down .
But there is also mistrust .
And nevertheless , the reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : both of them are dark and colorful , but with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about transparency that makes it so real ?
Is it something that has to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-year surface .
It &apos;s actually not true , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a reality chart where you can submit different parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginative physical objects that we can connect to the Third World .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so that it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we raise the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same thing connecting photographs .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of as what makes us in our daily lives .
But when you cut the pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , the photo just kind of seems wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not unique .
But connecting them can create something that looks like this .
So , rule number one : Together pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar light .
These two pictures contain both needs : they &apos;re photographing at the same altitude and at the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors , contrasts and light on boxes and separate images , by putting the photoreceptors together , layers of color and texture , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be constructed from hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to come up with ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I came up with this idea over time , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the suitcase .
For example , fish were photographed in the fish .
Crowds are from different places .
The continent is photographed inside a rock .
And yeah , I even put my house on the red wall to look silly .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is to plan .
It always starts with an idea .
And then we pasted , and we pasted these pictures together .
And each part here is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at getting the right frames , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that constrains us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Suddenly , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that shell companies are contained by two billion dollars of U.S. dollars associated with the president of Russia with the president of Germany in Putin and his childhood friend , a very violent .
There are more tellers who are concerned about the next story , about the spread of one more documents .
It sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money in offices and not pay taxes , it stays less slow for public services like healthcare , education , a few required .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My organization , Global Witness , is this open demographic .
The media and political leaders are wondering how official space can be used to hide our slow mothers , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the world of openness is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event didn &apos;t hit U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because the Mossack Foundation has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Himalayas , from Delaware , or from Western Germany , we would see more connections with Americans .
It &apos;s a privilege in America that allows caregivers to expand their students , their enemies , investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there were problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows you to sign up corruption , distance from taxes .
Unfortunately , the United States does .
So what I &apos;d like us to do is to take a look at the world of openness in the United States and the world of openness .
We , &quot; &quot; Global Witness , &quot; &quot; we see it as a marker for shifting time .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for the prevention of taxes , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Jonathan .
It turns out that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , has been going to have more hidden documents than the entire world is printed together .
Can it be ?
JU : Well , could it be ?
The troubling thing is that the printing press of the world works so hard that a group of activists can release more information than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : What &apos;s going on ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure security ?
JO : You can say that these people are classic inherited information victims , and there &apos;s not one way that they can get information to us .
We use the latest methods of encryption to move materials to the Internet , without leaving tracks while information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium and justice and getting legal protection .
We get information from electronic shelters , simple things that are either lit or not , and we make it as a normal news agency , and we give it a shape — what we rarely do is very difficult , because language is about the overall quantity of information overload and our own separation from the inevitable legal and political .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we make a step about it , it &apos;s as much information as we can get faster .
( Telephone calling ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here , how to become a TED Fellow . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened later ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s reading .
It was the hidden revelation of the fame that the government of Kenya gave after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , led Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with another related report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , who was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was Kenyan journalist warning .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information in front of the elections — the National Elections on June 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report came to the president of Kibaki .
CA : So in summary , you can say that reading information has been embedded in Kenya , not from the official media , but inevitably . You think it has really changed the outcome of elections ?
JO : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of &quot; &quot; The Guardian , &quot; &quot; and then it was printed in Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it was still safe to talk about and the printing of Kenya .
This news on the television in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and Kenyan yan grades , 10 percent had changed their vote and they had a zero election officer .
CA : It &apos;s saying that your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) KS : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airborne Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not for people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you could , you &apos;d open it up .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after the other ...
I got it . Okay . Gorgeous .
Tell me when you see them . Fear .
Excuse them all .
First , fire !
( Crackling ) Come on . Come on . ( Crackling ) Come on .
The button ... Bushmaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
All right , we &apos;ve just committed eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see them .
Two-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , hey . I beat them .
CA : So what was the effect of this video ?
JS : For those of you who did it , it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that happened there .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? According to two news organizations , Reuters .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
He died from 18 to 26 .
CA : So the search for this video has caused a global appeal .
What do you think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who are walking inadvertently down the street , and Apache is up a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shake and kill the people who are saving the dresses .
There were two journalists out there who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
KS : Well , there was a U.S. Government analyst named Bradley Manning who was confirmed that this video was sent to you , and together with 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cube .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a sentence of 150,000 pounds of tea and a sentence of 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search catalog from the U.S. Embassy Required , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this ambassador , I was a common athlete .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the violations of human rights in those states .
And when you look at these hidden connections , this is exactly what you see .
CA : So let &apos;s talk about that a little bit wider .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can reach .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t hire for efforts and resources is being exposed , that &apos;s a good brand , that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , that organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals , or to the whole community , that information flow can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JH : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , you &apos;re thinking about the politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that could be private — that could be personal .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , such as health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources that provide information actually have to be done .
KS : You have to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out for those unexpected motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world have made the Civil War inhumane .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like that . How are you guys ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JH : Yeah , we hear a lot about these things .
But remember , people in Baghdad , people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their opinion . It won &apos;t change their understanding .
They see it every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to shine light on black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock another mystery , you hold your own information secretly ?
JH : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be dissidents in any other source .
If we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work so that people could feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
KS : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing — from what we &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience says .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s work .
Or the big guy , the guy who carries the light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s dangerous ?
JS : Well , I wish . You should be .
KS : This is an understanding of the lions , Jonathan .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the intriguing event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , daily activity .
At the end of last year , a paper came out with some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , not so big .
We got a report — a kind of engineering analysis of events that were written that conservation workers from some of the competing oil palms exploded the buildings by the slaves .
The battle was engaged and part of the government of Albania was involved .
There was no explanation for engineering at the top , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know who was writing him , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is doing for itself .
So we put the paper in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , that &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week we got a letter from a community that said , in order to find out the source of a document . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Tell me specifically .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to have a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; Then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID they were shown the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , right — we &apos;re hoping these guys will write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs going on .
So the number of us publishing in the last few months has gone down because of a lot of interest , now we &apos;ve reinvented our major systems .
The problem of pay attention .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very happy about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that goes through each other , but we don &apos;t have enough people to copy and check that information .
CA : And what defines the probability — is there a lack of wanting to work as journalists , or is there a lack of alcohol ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing up is hard , and it drives the way we treat it , and we have to restructure it so that we have people working with the highest amount of national security information , and also the other , the less hidden information .
KS : To better understand you , tell me how you got there .
I said you had to teach at 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JH : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists will tell you that this is a recipe for how to get sick .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Chris Anderson : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young , you were in the middle of the court .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an activist journalist all the time .
I sent a newspaper that I was followed while I was a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly a Russian mafia that wants to sacrifice your old bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving someone &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we get them to us , maybe tell us what kind of event did they make their choices ?
JS : I can &apos;t answer because of the event .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , wise people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their ears .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant people that I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So clearly , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way that I can counteract the crimes — it &apos;s to give the judges the criminal justice .
This is a grass that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something that I did , I joined the bank caretakers , and then the intelligence agencies were encouraged to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a big peace in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
For every country , it was a difficult battle .
The banking sector in the country was 10 times bigger than the rest of the economy .
Yet in the last year , we published the report .
And national TV stations have been mentioned for five minutes before the transmission , and as in the movie , you know about the crowd coming in , and the readers were saying , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was being watched , and we were in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of laws that would allow Icelandic Icelandic to become in a certain sense an official freedom press , the world &apos;s greatest preserve of journalists , a new prize for free speech Freedom of
Iceland is a northern country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal eyes were identical to the Islamic State .
KS : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it will be — or does the Big Bang even have greater grim control , will it be more secret , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen to us .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to discover more transparency — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the United States , between China and the United States .
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a challenge , or any other direction , can undermine a very small movement , in our power , one way or another .
KS : I think I &apos;ll answer the audience &apos;s notion : June , be careful , and let &apos;s move forward .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day zero .
My name is Ultims .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I &apos;m actually a balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a painting and presented a new meaning , a modern meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming for a dance , and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be tutored by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has objects and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars of Santa Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I &apos;ve never seen him angry .
He blames his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not about being a romantic , but it &apos;s about being surrounded by women and looking like an aggressive woman .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new respect .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and I play with words : the irony , the yellow person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In the archive , I ask the social questions that face me in Russia .
The interesting thing about the Syrian refugee in Russia is that most of the girls , 18 , 19 years old , are already ready and dreaming of waking up .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls fight to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an old girl and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield , with the windshield laid on my side .
But remember , the irony is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re getting more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragile creatures .
And in fact , the consequences are greater social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve it .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality more like a game .
Before the beautiful chairs of games , we had our connotations .
People were hurting . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodton , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to become an extraordinary story and an adventure that continues .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a source of local knowledge , creating a network , sustainability , vision and looking at resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hidden in us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) There &apos;s a room full of women in action . There &apos;s a room full of room .
Nonsense of women .
I experienced my deep inside what was worth sleeping .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I &apos;d hit the chair , I &apos;d hit the girl , and the right eye had to turn .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was a graduate student , and I was talking to doctors , scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to break away .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to get height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , males have become equal to males .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was feeling that the night before it was four hours before .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been smoking five , the dinner would have been even more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It turned out to be a little bit of an excuse .
Especially here , in Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you going to wake up in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may say , &quot; &quot; Well , I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to develop a tension , I &apos;m going to have some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very involved and productive ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if my brother Lehman had been a brother and sister , Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crushed .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would have been dressed up very thoroughly and connected , maybe the sister would have noticed the glacier , because it would have been kicked up after 7.5 or eight hours of sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crises , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude to our lives , the things that are best for our careers , and the world .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that hide within us , unlock the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first met a rather simple material — a fishing network , for years using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , flourishing forms , the size of shipping buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidate was open .
I started teaching myself , and I became 10 years old when I got a suggestion from a Fulbright program to go to India .
I had a lot of hope to give to the paintings , and I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day it came , but my paintings didn &apos;t come back ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sounds of their own reflection .
So I tried breast cancer .
But it was too difficult and too fragile to create a large sculpture .
I walked up to the beach , and I noticed some fish popping their nets to the sponges on the sand .
Every day I would see it , but this time I was looking at it incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first enjoyable sculpture was actually designed to collaborate with these fish .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So we collapsed the sculpture .
I found her glittering surfaces that separated with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
And that made me hypnotize .
I carried on studying the traditional landscapes , and I worked with amateurs , later in Libya and with seduction fish .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from surprising objects they would become what the change was ...
Going back to India and working with fish , we built a network of half a million hectares of cotton , and the culture was just built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term piece for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-built , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and short-term .
Two years ago , I was looking for plants that would hold ultraviolet spines , milk , air , humidity and make it easier to spread inside the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wall .
So we drilled this 4,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move gracefully with the wind and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was blind and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed bubbles for the U.S. Heritage Service , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the double challenge : to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold a stick with my hands .
So I &apos;ve been working with industrial fishing networks , understanding their manufacturing power , and how they don &apos;t need the networks .
But there was no language in which you could have translated that unique old dress into a standard car operator to produce this .
So we had to build the swimming machine ourselves .
Three years later , after two children &apos;s birth , we broke 50,000 feet in a net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was being built , long-term , and without losing any kind of authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and rough .
Now it has meaning .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind creating a choreography , and I felt like I found a choreographer and I discovered a connection to the sky .
My life hasn &apos;t been the same .
I want to create these skyscrapers for urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its roots , it felt , needed to be much easier than the web for sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped with wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be able to participate in all of that without falling apart .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , as if it were the ring of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : international , cultural and ideas , the hero of the American Biennial in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of the 35-west street in a single crowd .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami dispersed across the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plate of the Earth and replaced it with the melting of the planets , and without breaking it , he shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share information about tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 , &quot; &quot; meaning the microseconds that the Earth has shrunk .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny network of materials , 15 times tougher than a pendulum .
This sculpture was already completely mysterious , so it was so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my work to the Times , or the High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and build skulls that look like skyscrapers .
And while they haven &apos;t had the money yet , I &apos;m already dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers back to many of the world &apos;s cities where they &apos;re most necessary .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional art , visible form .
Today , I &apos;m combining this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
Let me close with this story .
My friend called me the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer who never thought of art was never good enough for a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced himself to stay under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind turbines popping up next to strangers sharing a startling discovery ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became a baby woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : No doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected at the same time through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a multiplicative image of what this current moment looks like , how it smokes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I am the essence of energy connected to environmental energy through my right hemisphere .
This moment we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left hemisphere is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left hemisphere is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
