Within this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to look at .
And so what I first thought about this was a guy named Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and technologist , who died from a late , continuous video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an accident .
He said , &quot; &quot; Okay . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the network .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released the fears of my hair , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this pageant into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archives might have been written a better and more careful coordination than many , but in fact , we all
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being destroyed every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of the house , or a grandmother who lives in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think that creates some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few of the services that are created for us so that we can decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , discovered me after I was signed up in a New York restaurant at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Miranda : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidie.e. , not yet .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How afraid I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published after you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovee that you could analyze over 90,000 hours of video footage .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data improved , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; photos , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , while it &apos;s not enough for the kind of content that we create and technology to do it meaningfully .
We can see experiments in this field already .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say in your next text .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be common .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are complete .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could cooperate with the unique characteristics of a single human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human being created in his life ?
Basically , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN directly released its woki.am. — hip hop is a holograph in his studio with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them to very similar lives , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them together .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be realistic — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to require for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career &apos;s trauma — I call them the reporter .
These are people who spend their careers caring for their elderly , their children growing up , pursuing personal interests or personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , pensioners , returned to work , or the parents coming back to the immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a lack of relationship between workers and restaurants .
By bringing people to the presence of their lives , we &apos;re describing them as the great risks , and the people who are doing breakthrough career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
The successful reporter is everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist in the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about his friends coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who goes back to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
It &apos;s the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy referred to the exhibition of Today Show , the exception to people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there are five children whose mothers she loved being home , but after reading , she had to go back to work , and after all , she really wanted to go back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first said to Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the audience to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
It doesn &apos;t matter .
It &apos;s only the sun that will ultimately survive the work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , with people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even if our sense of self as time goes down , what happens to most of us , what we are then rejected from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my bicycle every day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great honor of self-confidence to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get any business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that the restaurant is the unemployed force , that &apos;s why .
We have less coordination or partnership change .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the context of our work .
After all , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work just because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two conditions that workers have at the same time .
First of all , the workers are really excited about the need for the technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically removed ; it just keeps being there .
I was doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus 1 , 2 , 3 .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I said to the restaurants , that the workers would expect them to come work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they succeed , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employees what added value they can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s called a knee , or not , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I saw the return engineer , the uninformed reintegration candidate , run the initial de-escalation program in the war , and then have a permanent job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities joining the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a quote from a magazine called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage marriage girl .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-olds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegration program for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are trained , and the people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to get reintegrated feedback programs to come back to engineers as part of the initiative with female engineers .
Why do companies hold reintegration rates ?
Because the institution allows employees to remain in real-life work examples , eliminate the negotiations , and the employees don &apos;t have to make the decision to remain in the end .
This testing process removes the risks that leaders take for granted by defending rebels , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , it &apos;s not just programs that are designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans coming back to work was supported by their reintegration program .
And there is no concern that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father in their community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to happen to something more , but she couldn &apos;t make a living .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved a company and colleagues , and offices were worse than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she above all of her peers , and the company did not only offer her a lasting job at the start of 2012 , but she made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
The Three Year &apos;s Eve was an attempt , as they were married , and all of this was done in front of both Tracy and her employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more people who worked .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer to the staff or drunken guy who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take their first success story , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unintended discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using fruit crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go ahead — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the senior .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , it &apos;s delicious and respectful , you can make excuse .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole , is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of boredom .
And we also valued companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; The Dead Horse . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird device in my lap , asking me to do something about it , as though I was the extension of his body : turning on the light or bringing a glass of water with a torch .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because a blessing is a better person in the Indian family .
And what disturbed me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He would pick up a branch and expect me to find a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my law , I made &quot; &quot; Dear phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people in it .
That &apos;s how my uncle uses a cell phone that &apos;s built for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that he could send his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and cut it out and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person with an email address .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve put a lot of electronics together that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And of course , the object had to be especially demeaning and captured by the ritualistic aurochs as my tea and my love .
The next piece is a sound-called &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
This is how it works : you cover the boxes on the walls , and you follow the little pieces behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around the event , they kind of sit out in the air .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they blurse .
So we pasted these posters on three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small bats behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of leap off the shelf .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become opaque to the sounds of their cheeks .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Whistling ) But they respond to the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So every ginger is a behavior of self , a psychology , a yearning , a self and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll do a good job with it later .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but what we found was people were playing around and playing around .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of dealing with the idea of invisible .
How could you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges from the surveillance system , we built a software that allowed the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded so that the camera was invisible .
The sun comes into the room . Whoosh ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and moving it around .
It &apos;s a very early video game where you can &apos;t solve the problems of overload and so forth , but it &apos;s immediately done .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room , put it in space , and then put it on every wall .
All they did was walk into the room and people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as a child of drinking oil or sunglasses .
From far , this object looked very strong and warm , and in between the sound , it was very light .
So people , when they walked into the room , they didn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking , this is just nothing .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was beating up the wall .
And then eventually they got tired and tired .
( Laughter ) This work has been translated into human cartoons .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it &apos;s sort of bounced into a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a cat .
He &apos;s blurring around his head like an ear , very unexpected , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the boundaries were not there , the boundaries would be very similar , it would be standing underneath the space .
And there &apos;s no laws or laws .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People come into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re in pain , you get a reward , and it looks like I &apos;m in the opposite direction .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to help him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he &apos;s going to change again .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked a long and hard time , as well as a lot of my work , to try to address the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to target his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that he would be upset , he would be upset , but if he wasn &apos;t upset enough , he wouldn &apos;t give up the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t let him run .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video of what we &apos;re testing on this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in : we work with an aesthetic knee , a beautiful optical lens of different colors , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a jacket shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to reverse something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a clay , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape like a jacket and you realize it &apos;s more like a skin in in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece that &apos;s still being done called &quot; &quot; Space Out . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , trying to approach you , enjoying you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with people around you — trying to preserve the mystery or whatever .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we &apos;re using it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our models of emotion or behavior .
And if we just kind of flip through any creature , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , all the connections , all the industry , all the commerce .
And this happens throughout our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will happen in the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be thinking as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real issues online , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career struggling with these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by the Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the hidden skyscraper sector of the floor , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for translation points .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of telephones and the Pakistanis Address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures that I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And there &apos;s a street or a street near this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Back Alem Iqbal .
I got into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Bassem and Amjad are still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Ajad sits down .
These are men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt this kind of excitement about understanding that both the Beatles and Amjad computers were also stuck hundreds of times in viruses , totally unrelated to them in that year .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s , and clearly in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;m leaving a system here that allows me to put old software on the modern computer .
So now let me virtually build some tools . Let &apos;s take it here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is about a hundred , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you turn it on , the guy on the screen starts walking .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab example , to follow the infections in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I go back to our lab system through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of cyberbullying every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are crossing laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like banking the three that make money from your Internet bank accounts when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and shipped to desiccation-tolerant .
Every single one of your actions is protected and transported to refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the seasons when you get in and out of any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in the shops of the Internet , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card number and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we discovered a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can link to the web and buy that information as soon as you get it .
And that &apos;s obviously the problem .
We now have a clean market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cyberbullying .
So for example , how these men can actually work from their surgeries , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his suffering partner , who has also been successful in the INTERPOL , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had a surgery called IMU , a cyberbullying surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a couple of weeks ago , the US President announced that the Swiss bank account of the Swiss bank accounted for 14.9 million dollars in the bank account .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that online officials are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have rewarded systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how the protection people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , goes from one country to another when only a page tries to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving out free airplanes for all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t reach us now can .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one failed failure .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-dimensional piece of code that has a fail in it .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture of failure on your Windows computer , failure will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encoded , so let &apos;s break it out .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see that at the bottom here , you can see the Internet address : ononononononese.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which your computer is going to take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , like writing someone .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I proud him .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few minds in the lab , and one of them has thought that the head is a rat just like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Sanskrit Peterborough .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and in car numbers and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Sanskrit Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a couple of years , and he has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And in this network , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s quite a beautiful car for a 20-year-old boy from Sank Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he took pictures of that event in his network — this is his Mercedes — this is Lada Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see the Samara number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Mars is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the Internet broke out ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the websites , most of the websites , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t get them wrong .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet has done , they &apos;ve slaughtered like this .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for a logical control frame .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , the liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is in control of these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from simple things like electricity , of course , from running computers .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t expect self-understanding things .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were from your own background , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I don &apos;t care that we &apos;re facing problems with cyberbullying .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life defending the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t act against cyberbullying , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to find broadband groups online — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programming and fusion .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gaps for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling over the country &apos;s parks and national forests — literally the longest road we could go .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that came to me over the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that mean for the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see across the road ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely differently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reads his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And then I go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; She just starts to come up to me for a few moments and then she starts laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years in my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the symbols around us , and how we behave when it happens , and what we can all say about human nature .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we &apos;re wrong .
We understand it in abstract terms .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is wrong .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all the circumstances that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden the awareness of this abstract misconception of fairness spreading through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that I &apos;m wrong with .
The point is that the real time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we stand in the middle of time with the family ; we go to the choices ; we vote for the existing time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , embedded in this little sense that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get caught up in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we stuck in this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally , how do you feel wrong ?
I &apos;m black . It &apos;s going to fall .
Not good . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m cheating , I &apos;m cheating , I &apos;m cheating — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be ridiculous , as my sweetheart mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t matter .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you recall the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , always running and never bothering the bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps out of the jar , and that &apos;s okay , he jumps up and walks .
But what &apos;s needed is that the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
It just keeps running — until the moment you look down and realize there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So in fact , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false visual .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Remember that thought for a moment in primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher turns the test page , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a crime .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are misdiagnosed are accountable , unaccountable , and second of all , in order to achieve success , you never have to make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons by doing well .
And many of us — and I suspect many of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
In fact , the head of Finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
And apart from that , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and goes to the operator .
She &apos;s mortified , the surgeons are doing their work — she &apos;s turning them on and off to the gym .
It seems like everything was done perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothing , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Victor of Health in Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories were the essence of the story , that overwhelming belief that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The sense of entitlement that we &apos;re all experiencing so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil into the Mississippi or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just utterly reflected in reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of our people share reality in a similar way — some of our misconceptions .
The first thing that we usually do is something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is that they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right components , but too stupid to make them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we move to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it for purposes of individual pyramids .
So this is a disaster .
This connection to our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to one another .
But what makes me sad and sad most is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
Your proto-style miracle is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in another place .
And we all do this a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same sky tonight and see it , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
In 200 years , until Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Klay , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Auguste realized that our ability to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole notion of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all the other animals , we &apos;re trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and prosperity .
Last year , for a few reasons , I packed myself with a lot of public radio show on this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
It &apos;s clearly under the law .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the garden , we laugh that every single one of us has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen one , and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , are missing this .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unintended end .
We love failure in our stories .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would lower Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life until he was too old and through the illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and go out of high school , go back to your city and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Luckily and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world rotates around and surrounds us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and wealth and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all these innovation and wealth and improvement ?
Because half of the things that were most worrying about memory and changing the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We think of another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard it seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to look out from this tiny , tiny space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan Public Library and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the leader of Jewish life .
Fortunately , those plans were detected by an FTB player .
Unfortunately , the bombing of 1993 was not at the center of the global trade .
Nosair was ultimately destroyed by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people interact with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he called me out of his ark and explained that for the last few weeks , his friends and I went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drying .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and particularly to me , all the targets disappeared .
My uncle turned to another man , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abha . &quot; &quot; Whatever the father , the son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same wish that my father had .
These people ended up moving a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving them at a lower level of standing , the global trade center in the North Pole , which resulted in severe injuries , killing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I was often terrified .
I was raised to give people criteria that were based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
My group was focused on the death of my youth because I was so lucky for most of my life , and I was so emotional .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the convention , I found out that one of the children I met was a joke .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and honestly , I felt proud to be able to go through a barrier that was considered most of my life as being disabled .
The second major step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden River Park .
And there I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was the foundation of devaluing my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
In the private park , I got a chance to work in exhibitions with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for others , and it seems to me immoral with the good people , not the way I would like to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my life experience and with my own experience .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Lord of this . &quot; &quot; Next , John Stewart invited me to be open to my own fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can come to an unexpected place and realize that the word comedian made me a more positive influence than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I have stopped humans . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much effort it takes to keep the insurance in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when we decided to connect with my family and start a new life .
So why was I telling my story and being able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I was involved in this horrible , illiterate ideology , I was not allowed to have fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these feelings and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that dying is not divided by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no hair .
In fact , I could see them through the window on a driver &apos;s desk where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the other door and the windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early warrior in Europe in the morning , and I needed my own and my own cup .
As I got older and tired , I found a big rock , and I lifted up a corridor window , took out the glass ceiling , stuck it inside , found a whole bunch of cardboard , and with the liquid jacket , I put it in a glass ceiling , thinking that in the morning , when I went to the air hall , I could call my teacher to help
It &apos;s going to be ugly , but maybe it &apos;s not much lower than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , things would go something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
She separates the cartilage that reinforces heart failure , transforms adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only a few weather webs realized I had no meal . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a ride , flew back to the air strike , dreamed it , but they had already given me my place , so I flew back to the plane next to the toilet , to a seat that didn &apos;t come back at eight hours in the fall .
Well , I had time to think for eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I began to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect it from such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens already , at least the likelihood of catastrophe will be lowered .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my expanded window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist called Gary Klein , who wrote it a few years ago , called a recent onset of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When failure happens , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can do as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Remove the space for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find fish , the bathtub of drugs where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that &apos;s being held up by tourists in London .
This is the part that enables governments to find their own magazines .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smoked the bread exactly right , and they still found the resistance .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not doing so well .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading and the back .
So take your place in your house — a cable next door , maybe a decorative cup .
The world is a special table .
The students are a specific table .
If you cut the space out and really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things fail or they fail , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when your brain is stressed out , your brain is blocked .
The Korean is terrifying , and it makes it hard to think .
So part of the pre-frontal analysis of unintended illness is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or treatment of the heart or helping them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial or social solutions — but to any solution that regulates rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got some lab results and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your statine . &quot; &quot; You may have heard about statins , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe even you know somebody who &apos;s consuming them .
That &apos;s the number we need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s calling , if anything goes wrong , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to stick to the standard , what would it be ?
How many people need to consume it to be one person ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take a drug for years while they &apos;re having a heart attack , an insult , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of food . &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them , there &apos;s terrible things : following the pain of shirts and the pain of shirts and the shirt and the paper — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , not so likely that this will happen to me , I will still have a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is successful , five percent of those 300 are experiencing side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to replace your drug than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so you can check whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to be required .
Most surgeries , for men under the age of 50 , give birth to a standard degeneration , the number we need to do is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their inflammation , their regular destruction , measured illness .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is before you begin to think about the questions that should be asked to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t want it to be instantly thought .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often do you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the occasion , but at least you will have tried the currency .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system , or a liver system , or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles at its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves before we think about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunately might happen , that we have ways of doing things like reducing green , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Monday , when I returned from my trip , I wrote a letter to the master &apos;s degree above my door , with a bunch of front doors , easy to remember the code .
I must confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see myself as a fuzzy process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an unknown location .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same background grid installed in the middle , two radio stations .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
For years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Columbus were lucky enough to find new land .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he handled America .
After the Sputnik release , Sputnik created the whole distribution .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that they could now threaten us with the water bomb by putting Sputnik together .
Then the whole puzzle started .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest disasters of America , related to Perl Harbor and the 11 tragedy of September 11th .
He challenged the emergence of rockets .
He saw his guns .
And the space shuttle .
In Congress , they &apos;ve gone up very rapidly in a single year : 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you here might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation trained , when tens of millions of people were in seven cities under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For instance , some of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and within the educational landscape , performance has gone up dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change what seems to be a very disadvantageous situation to something that even Americans have done very well .
Sputnik will be released very quickly .
Finally , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors — a long time for joining TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED conference .
The third environment is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : the clouds , the rocks , the rocks , the rocks .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to go out into war-torn bears .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even when we were speaking , experts were reinventing bodies from new detectors of mass caves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it looks like this is the largest captain ever discovered .
Throughout four major conflicts in the Cold War , the duration of the Cold War in Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , about 30,000 people , most of the citizens , dozens and dozens were dead , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The Industrial Revolution brought about several fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and ultimately the same idea that they ever existed , perhaps , ever existed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect legs .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than their bodies or our easier memories of death .
Our goal is that no body should be recognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the mosquitos carry with them at the expense of their execution are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the desk and the preservation .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for us to recognize , but they also use them as a very valuable tool for enforcing war disasters .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out who these things belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardened or are simply distorted by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every single object that I could photograph , trying to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will be remembered as a permanent , innocent and objective memory of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things guarantee that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , there will only be organs in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was researching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did — taking photos every month .
I would never have been so exhausted .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of luck .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some interesting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working in a field of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called Listening Color .
The viewer sort of walks into the room , and instantly these posters are pouring out onto the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer sees it , they seem to panic and they stop in a grizzly symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 18th century , the alphabet tables and so on — about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
It &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they immediately reach out to the position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the beetle kind of turns into an reflective observer in the space , and it becomes , again , balanced and independent until they , in a sense , feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer sort of creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be , quite frankly , that the boxes themselves are so dense that they have laws that they sort of apply to the viewer .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page applied to the remote wall , but you can see that it &apos;s a thin A4 shape , or a paper sheet of paper , which is held in either side by two small hands , which has been cast in attention and attention from a tiny medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture sort of moves very slowly , as if these two hands were trying to hold the page of the paper without confirming it for a long time , and it doesn &apos;t work for them .
So this instability , we &apos;re moving a very primitive instability through camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here .
One is through a hidden camera and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just removed the camera , and we just broke the movement on the blackboard .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to decode the gesture of the cube , as if behind this giant paper page is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the amount of blood you have to do this series and very delicately present this piece of paper with the observer in front of you .
The next piece is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall instrument — a head , and his only purpose is to attract his attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side and moves his arm closer and closer and closer as the person gets closer and closer .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is that when you get the person &apos;s attention , it &apos;s not interesting , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Maslow .
It seems like this is a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of resistance with our own image .
And so for us , it &apos;s a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium from the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at this size and the audience is sort of occupying my entire view .
There are 996 little characters in the audience .
They learn to fly mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a few fluctuations or a few fluctuations , and then no one happens until the viewer walks off the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak bands in the audience , or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and various types of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency .
It also has its own fragrance and its own fragrance .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the head of the image being shared in both hands .
This is a short animation , like two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and attitude .
And here you see a prototype .
So we &apos;re not thinking when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is the window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the sky to create our own range or a network that lives in a room and can be seen from both sides .
This is a network of small figures .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would expand a particular perspective or a location in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and on the first road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of cartoons and other groups of cartoons , as if the lens were physically constrained to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance like they &apos;re crazy and they don &apos;t have fun , like they &apos;re embarrassing and comfortable , until they feel the movement from view and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So we have this project going on its own .
It &apos;s kind of embedded in this very grid-like network , which is kind of like a prisoner , but it &apos;s also an industry , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and vulnerable and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these true lifestyle habits that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with Curious ETH prototyping .
And as you can see , they took the pattern of movement from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps act in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , and in the first week you do enough to make it harder for later on in the difficult days , to cut off your hair . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to publish for years .
I knew that this kind of work didn &apos;t work .
It &apos;s too big a project .
That &apos;s what happened last year .
I &apos;m going to start a cliff , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a cliff .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then from two months , there was one that died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to bed , and I still didn &apos;t have one word . The only thing that happened was I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I broke down not one , but two nights without bed — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped across the city of students , I slow down like a movie , and I wrote down until the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s awesome ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was sick , very sick .
Today , I am a writer .
I wrote a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To test this , I came up with an MRI lab that would detect my brain and indeed wireless , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious mind .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang likes , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workshop for any significant work .
The great Mountain Bear is not the one that should solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Beijing people are just another species of animals .
You have to educate , count and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and Beijing doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Society of Resolutions — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a collective image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like , during dinner or wandering through the bed , or enjoying the session together .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things , and it &apos;s not that easy to do things with a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy seller .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When everybody conducts the Beijing Nation , the question is , how do the retailers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of boring area where important things happen ?
It turns out that the retailer has a coal-fired iron , which from top views it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one who fears the Beijing .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to come in and start work now . &quot; &quot; And Beijing said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m totally agreed , but let &apos;s put together Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to get to India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web , and I saw my face , related to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , Panic Monster starts walking away from it , and after a few seconds the whole system is chaotic . ( Laughter )
And Beijing — remember the Panikon Monster brings her pain — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And eventually , the rational decision-maker can take a steel and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a miracle of work , sleeps all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is an open system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how the opening was shaping their lives , how the Beijing reflected their lives .
Why do people stay in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term focus is less observation , less talking about it than about the happier , shorter one with the terminals .
It &apos;s mostly living in silence and alone .
It can cause a huge amount of unsatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these sentences and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term attention made them look at their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no doers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe you don &apos;t speak as much as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re familiar with the terms , but remember : The chimps slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call this the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really paying for , because everyone in life does something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
This is the work for all of us .
And because the windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we should be starting today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
For the closest time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Capiton William Senison , who was recently presented at the Library of Congress in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scaled the way to the emergency room of medical care .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the tree had turned on a GoPro camera and caught this event .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing together a warrior , a dress in his pocket .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I &apos;d like to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I behave that way ?
On the vertical axis , we prioritize people who are choosing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And the first thing I learned was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are willing to connect .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why would you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said in unison , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the exit , and maybe the tiger with the wind , all of these forces act to reduce the life expectancy .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and collaboration .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that somebody from kindness is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t die .
The only transformation is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone creates leadership .
I flew on a plane , and I became an emergency manager : a journey tried to get to the airplane before turning it into numbers , and I noticed how he was working on a commitment device , acting as a taxpayer , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I turned on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she told me , words in words .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or I can &apos;t go to work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
I don &apos;t believe in my leaders .
We like to talk to the Southwest Airlines , not because there are better employees .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate one another , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a tech company in New York . So this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and committed to the managers of those banks that receive incomplete rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion laws .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave a $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . None of us do .
Different leaders won &apos;t give much choice .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per capita .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In a large manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
They needed to pay 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the government sat down to answer the question of openness .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
The employees &apos; hearts and minorities are much harder to reduce the heart rate .
It was determined to implement a report program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave the four-week vacation .
They could choose , however , not necessarily the whole of four selves .
He said that he was better at swimming by a little bit than anyone would eat brilliantly , and in this way he encouraged workforce .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we don &apos;t get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of several warriors in the middle of the war , and as the warrior was accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let the first farmer feed their people , and they will end up eating the food that they need to feed their leaders .
And when they came back to the store , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their ears so that only their people are safe and their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will pay for us .
They give their blood , their clothing and shelter to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you open your blood , your razor and your shirt for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is key to translating from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in the remote , local community .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures and barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained in the Kiplingo manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s wrong . Sorry about it .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please go and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; I became a medical student for the next year .
One in 100 children born all over the world have a heart attack .
In some of these problems , I think I can solve — some of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
Children have to survive in the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these blobs is dramatically increasing with the altitude .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Mao was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t land on the mountain was the green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that glass as a form of leather for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Religion is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible for you to do that , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these big problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After these moments of inspiration , there was a very long process of creating and prototyping .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our own success , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil is a different one , because the carbon between arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
The research began again .
We come back to the first planning .
After many trials , based on my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us get a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of strong materials that would record shape .
It seems right now that the audience is enabling us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took place in a decade .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
It expands , it expands , it expands , it expands , it expands .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is in place , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful for both medicine and human beings .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the patients in the former community are part of our team , a team , because of the heart connection to the patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We get strengths from our patients .
Their ability to get power soon and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for hours , not for struggle or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We give one tool at a time so we can make sure that every child is healthy .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s impossible , and we &apos;re going to spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Motihad .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , I moved along with a couple of friends &apos; ears and we were born in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When I was growing up , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t nobody kill something you can put on your skin and not kill it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases have been followed by conditions like this , and the core of those diseases is called trichotomy .
This infection is injured in the eye when the eye is blind , and some of the infections that are exposed can cause real damage .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s minds every year , and the shocking truth about this is that preventing severe infections requires a snake : no drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusted phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop than the Internet , except for how much I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds per hour — I did Wikipedia and Google on platform@@
who looked like somebody from KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my mobile phone , while I was the youngest person ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — most of them don &apos;t need to add — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s
You put it on your skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I started trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in the markets . I have this product and I can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform products at large .
They go through when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not pass through all the spare cigarettes , except one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into little innovative changes .
She goes through the middle and pulls out .
The fun part is that one replacement therapy stands for a one-on-one tutoring .
When we created that model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DriBath in a vacant . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We estimated that in a way you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you spend your childhood , you can also provide two hours a day for kids in the neighborhood , two hours in school , two hours for work , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw that kind of universal advantage , we realized the definition of our product , which was clean and pleasant .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience in Limpopo , on the Limpopo , with 50 cents a week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process , Google has chosen me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to embrace this challenge , and the strangest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in a year &apos;s travel and then I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve scattered the white coat and I &apos;ve seen patients .
I was surprised by two things last month .
I asked myself , would you come across a burden of costs , or will we forget patients ?
Most countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth rate .
Others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
The most expensive health care solutions are accepted by them .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So I &apos;m not surprised that some of my close colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we got a little bit closer and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re aiming to improve the patient &apos;s performance , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of patient treatment in relation to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you can see my daughter surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in the study was the transformation that we saw .
Compared to the country of hospitals , you can find incredibly good ones , but the worse numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Erik is struggling with prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , it can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he &apos;s not going to have a damage is about 50 percent , so he &apos;s going to have to re-use the damage .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
And when we look at a number of hospitals in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons that met in a meeting of the year and were talking about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone was worried that , &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one really knew it and recognized it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a printing prescription in the patient &apos;s bone , before placing a metal pill , it required a lot longer , and most patients never need another surgery .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing ?
They would send each other to learn — it &apos;s an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , the guardians who are the best , they start the research , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Fast-forward .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the effect of the cost , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least expenditure , even though that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago , there was a study done that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was research on how many patients had to operate again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases , the United States has smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements , and it would increase its quality by the middle of OECD , it would save people 500 million dollars a year .
It makes 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to admit to others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the other hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see in this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s a crime .
It means the International Consortium of Medicare .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which is really qualitative , what we should consider to be universal standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pains , polio eradication diseases , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show workshops on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Divide two things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important patient outcomes . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important improvements ?
We talked about what costs are for patients , can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the session , the top of the chart stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand from the beginning — he raised his hand , he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the character into hospitals and other health care systems , not a problem , but a critical part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think a modern-day medical adviser , beautiful Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that have led to the success of companies , the effects that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right background and put them in the initial company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so jealous ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , to avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been creating artwork for 12 years now , when I was selling soap opera in a bus stop when I was in high school , I was doing solar power facilities when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best for companies &apos;s success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment &quot; &quot; Ha ! &quot; &quot; when you first come up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the experience , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy named Mike Tyson at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anyone can blame him . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right and business .
The mastery of the team most show their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
A client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , how does a generation get from a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down , that maybe it was the most effective success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Are we going to start , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Idealab companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but we didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resign all of these insights as to what it seemed like for companies to follow each side .
And then I looked at unbelievable success , not in ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozoma , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession , when people needed money to pay for it , and maybe it helped people make their own choices to go home to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The volunteers were looking for remittances , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , found out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract joy .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website advocate .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased by 50 percent in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that the experience is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
I hope that this introduction may help you reach the highest levels of success , and to do something wonderful in this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I was expecting a lot , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , getting into student laughter .
In the middle , I felt very unhappy , unhappy and sad , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the curiosity that I felt inside .
I got out of the seminar when things started , and I was nightmare , I was making my bedroom , I was making my bedroom , and just like hundreds of times before , when suddenly I heard the voice , I was shouting , &quot; She &apos;s out of the classroom . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks to comment on the third person .
&quot; She goes to the bank . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , and even , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For instance , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , then the voice was confused .
After a while , the heavy conversation started , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that there was something wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors about this .
And then I almost got interested in it , and I talked to him about some strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to the university area , and in one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
From that moment on , I was stumbled into a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by this terrible , terrible sense of awareness , awareness and destruction of myself and my future .
When I was tempted to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to get better .
And then I basically shared aggressive before my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices started to turn upside and upside down .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a race of fear , of avoidance , of faith and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt terrified , unable to find a target than a consensus .
Two years later , my role was pretty much overwhelmed .
I had a whole unexpected repertoire : speaking up votes , absurd images , odd , unexpected events .
Now , remembering those ugly years , it seems like something was going to die , but at the same time something was saved .
The element started to destroy and destroy the person , but the person who made it out of the way was an enemy , and eventually grew up in the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it will always come in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to eat all the good , older people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to go out of those sacred and singular places .
It was very hard to believe at first , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , was essentially the first step — to learn how to separate metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word &quot; &quot; grammar , &quot; &quot; which I previously believed .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me how to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to me , a real voice melting .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic chip , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
All of this knowledge ended up cutting my parts , and each of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Vote Movement , and it &apos;s been inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees talks as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than disintegrating and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on , and it &apos;s a
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
It &apos;s not possible to recognize a person who &apos;s doing well .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to reframe the sense of urgency and unity by giving power to people who are facing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that essentially provides the road to unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , a donation to the intellectual capacity to heal itself and to the intellectual capacity to utilize this capacity .
In this regard , there is no greater pride or privilege for the public to be able to help others through their education process , to be educated and to raise their hands , to share the courage and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides within us can never be interconnected , excluded and remembered .
The lights never go out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier painting , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it was more important for planning .
And the process ends when you take a picture of a mouse .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do this .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you break a magnet .
Pictures like this : travel jobs are going on a long way .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But ultimately , the key is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a sort of realistic mirror , where different parts of reality can play different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can relate to in the Third World .
But to connect in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , in a way that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and putting the photos together .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you download these pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about it , because in other words , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But together they can make something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Second , combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule is : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and different images , using the photographic deficits as a glue , putting the colors and the texture together , we &apos;re bringing the lines between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
As I thought about this idea down the road , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the land was photographed in the marble .
The roots are from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put the house on the red hall to look silly .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is plan .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we pasted , and we pasted different pictures .
And every part of this is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at creating the right frames , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that &apos;s limiting to us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama started a secret , a dense office world .
All of a sudden , we got a call .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his child-friendly friend .
There are more recent entities that are concerned about the rise of a new story , about the rise of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money offline and don &apos;t pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , some sustainability .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this public invitation for phenomenals .
Knowledge and political leaders matter how official space can be used to hide their smiles , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a metaphor .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s hiding behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the villages of Qaeda , Delhi , Germany , or Netherlands , we would see more contact with Americans .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to expand their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just outrageous meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the students to break free .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So what I &apos;d like us to do is take a closer look at the world of openness in the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
It requires business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flowing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi , come on , Joan .
It turns out that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , is going to read more hidden documents than the entire world is putting together .
Could that be ?
Joan Anuj : Well , can it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so simple that a group of activists are able to communicate more information than the sum of the parts of the world put together .
CA : How does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JA : You can tell that these people are classic input recipients . There is no way they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving traces , while the information is gathered in countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get the information on an email , typically in a browser or not , fixing it as a typical newsroom , giving it a shape — what we rarely do , because language is about the public exposure to massive amounts of information , and our own separation of rights and political policies .
CA : Actually , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of the information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we &apos;re creating something about it at some stage , that &apos;s how we process information as quickly as we can .
( Thumping ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here for being at TED . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JA : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret delay that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , run by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this study , and together with one more attack , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it in front of Mi , which was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we got the election , of the National Voting Fund 28 .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to embark on the person he was going to fight — Daniel Arp Moi — so this revealing to President in Kibaki was unacceptable .
CA : So in summary , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not from the official media , but from the wrong . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JA : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s villages , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it could have been heavily detected , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the Kenyan survey data , 10 percent shifted the balance results and turned the choice overload .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airline from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this noise is not separate from people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody will open up .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after another ...
I got it . All right . Great .
Tell me when you see them . Sorry .
Excuse them all .
First , anger !
( Automotive noises ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Automotive noises ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
All right , so we killed eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and they &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see them .
Two-six , we speak D-6 , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . Okay , a-ha . I bought them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JAS : Well , it was significant for those of you who did this .
We sent two people to Baghdad to continue the study of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : There are 11 people in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters in the news agency .
JA : Two Reuters employees , two children play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a universal claim .
What was the main cause of disappointment , I think ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache slowly walking a kilometer , each of them leaving a 300-millimeter piece of calibrate , looking for wisdom to shake and kill people to save the damage .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning was taken by an analytician at the United States Convention , and he claimed that he &apos;d rolled this video to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy &#91; unclear &#93; .
Did he do that ?
JA : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was offered a judgment for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of cups from a U.S. degree angle ...
JA : We would have been looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the ruling of Arab countries , specifically the human rights violations in those states .
Looking at these hidden frames , this is what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JAS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can get to the market .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have enough efforts and resources is going to go out , and that &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good . Organizations that provide that information that they know from the beginning to the end have a lot of effort to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for dangerous individuals or for the whole of society that information can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JA : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I want to say that the politics of immunization is wrong .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that can be identified individually .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources of information have to really do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to look for has unintelligible motions .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JA : Yes , we hear that kind of stuff a lot .
But remember , the people in Baghdad , the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change perception and understanding the people who teach it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly holding your information source ?
JA : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edit .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be in any other country .
If we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out what you &apos;re going to hear from now what the TED audience is .
Understand that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the grandmother , the grandmother , bringing light .
Or a dangerous predator .
What time is this big ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , I did . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying list , Johannes , understandable .
We should be more excited . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to an interesting event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JA : This is the illustration of our work , the everyday activity .
At the end of last year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil-rich development available in Albania , similar to the Mississippi , just not that big a scale .
We got the answer — a specific incident engineering analysis , in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil fields sprayed the building blocks .
There was a conflict involved , and part of the government of Albania was involved .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is going for itself .
So we put the documents in the country and say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just check it . And this week , we got a letter from the community that said , &quot; &quot; To find out the source of the documents . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does he really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a beautiful image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they were shown by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , particularly — hoping that these men would write letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JAS : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have come down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested , now reinventing our core systems .
The issue of attention solves the problem .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that goes into the crowd that is the most diverse , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go out and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — or scares the desire to work as journalists , or is there a lack of long-haul journalists ?
JA : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and it affects the way we treat it . We need to reframed that we need people to work with the highest levels of national security , and also the lower levels of information .
KS : To better understand you , let me tell you how you got to that action .
I said you had to teach at 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the secret , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists will tell you that this is a recipe for how to fix a pain .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young at the law school .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I sent a newspaper that I was followed while I was growing up .
So you have to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly a Russian mafia , wanting to remind you of your old bank account .
So this word is not as happy as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can we enlist them , perhaps tell us what happened that made their choices ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that question .
But critical values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their families .
This understanding was made possible by my father and by other brilliant people that I met in my life .
CA : So smart , smart people aren &apos;t paying attention to themselves , they &apos;re paying attention ?
JA : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a sense — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — which is to open up the court for correct offenders .
This is a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me just tell you a quick story , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , combined with the bank accounts , and then the media accounts were busy telling this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The percentage of the GDP in the country was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we passed the report .
And the national television station has been broadcast for five minutes until the transaction , and as a movie , you know about the crowd coming in , and the readers were wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our website was shown , and we were in very exciting places in Iceland , and we were talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this should never happen again , and what happened was , together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom enforcement , and the greatest preserve in the world would be a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same in the Islands .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Joan .
When you think about the future , how do I think it &apos;s going to be — or will the Big Bang even be more grim control , will it be more transparent , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen to us .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right to freedom of speech to come up with more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a challenge for one or another can take a very small footprint in our power to drive one or the other .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience the following : Jennifer , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good morning .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irritability and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and I contributed a new , contemporary meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming for a dance , and he doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , wanting not to be invented by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Sank Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be overwhelmed by women and to look like the aggressive Chief .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with words : the irony , the Greek person , the person equal .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from a childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so many girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield lawn , immediately in his soil .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
Everything together , the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve into community-driven creatures .
And indeed , the consequence of that is more robust social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the truth more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had wedding receptors .
People fell . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , after 18 years , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to reach them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story and an event that continues .
We have a map narrative . We have skills as a local entertainment , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the outlook .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women , full of room .
Nonsense of women .
I &apos;ve experienced in my neighborhood what value sleep .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
As I walked into the table , I loaded the branch , the right eye was blowing .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time , I was teaching , talking to doctors , to scientists , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to reach height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , of course , men &apos;s immigration became gender equality .
I was having dinner with a man who was treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for injustice .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put a tennis on it , I &apos;m going to meet a couple of clubs , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the brothers of Lehman were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crazy .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would be exhausted and tied , maybe the season would have noticed a glacier , because it would have gone up after seven or eight hours of sleep , and you would have seen a wide picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency to our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the world &apos;s greatest and best .
So I urge you to zoom in and find the great ideas that inspire us , connect the goods and find the power of my mind .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first met a rather simple material — a beautiful website , using the same purpose over the years .
Today I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidates were rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to open up the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
It was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not given .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the camp to walk , and I watched stars move their networks to talk to each other on the ground .
Every day I &apos;d seen this , but this time I was looking at this incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first enthusiastic sculpture was originally done with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We pasted the sculpture very slowly .
I found her bright surfaces reversing with every wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later in Libya and with the rhetoric .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from miracle objects they would become what could make a difference ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hives of bees , and the culture was built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing the killer design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them blank , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly cheaper and shorter .
Two years ago , I was looking for plants that could hold ultraviolet bricks , milk , weather , humidity and make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the horizon in the middle .
So we exhausted this 4,000-pound load cell .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with rain and maintain uranium walls .
But there was no design software that could model something accidental and moving .
I came up with some wonderful airplane engineers who are designing bridges to the US Arctic Circle competition , Peter Heppel .
He helped me meet the challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hand up the grass .
So I collaborated with an industrial browsing industry , and I discovered their capabilities in manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could have translated that unique old dress into simple machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years , and — two children were born , we had 50,000 sq. ft network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was building , long and unexpected was not a single authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and moving .
Now it matters .
We walked through this skull for the first time .
I watched the wind shut out the choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the sky , and I discovered a connection to the sky .
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create this kind of sculptural oil for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed easier than just to make a grid sculpture .
So we experimented with expensive little pieces of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and in the experiments it explained , and also people that could be shared in all of that regardless .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway track on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas sprung up in the Biennial of the United States , in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of the 35-wind tour and their collaboration in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating through the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plates of the Earth and repeated the expansion of the planet , and by no means , it shrunk Earth day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means the microseconds that disappeared on Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build them as normal , using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny network of material , 15 times cheaper than a canvas .
This sculpture was already intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex networks and model them in terms of terrain .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way to think about it enables me to create and build sculptures that look like scales .
What they haven &apos;t been able to fund yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming to bring a glimpse into many of the cities of the world , where they &apos;re most important .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create some shapes for the magnitude of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me and the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer who never thought of art was never meant for a local art museum , destroyed everything he could , from his workplace , and invited him to come under this sculpture .
With the bones stuck on the floor , there were wind turbines , strangers next to strangers shouting out the gaze at the open ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . He was very happy . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information characteristics of energy all of our senses at the same time , and it creates a multidimensional picture of what this current moment looks like , how it wants , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works in a different way .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
