After this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people seem to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really deep meaning to keep in mind .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technologist journalist , who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here we go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally washed away from my fears of cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more careful coordination than many , but in fact , all of us today are
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being shipped every day .
And the average Facebook user makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of the house , or the grandmother that lives in a box now .
But today , we are all creating this remarkably rich digital archive that lives in the cloud sometime , year after year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technology , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us in order to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdote after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortably found me after I logged into one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ified .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Pritions .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is much more interesting .
Most of you probably know about Deb Roy , who showed Kovea that you could analyze over 90,000 hours of video .
I think while machines can understand human language and address huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content is going to be possible — TVs , photos , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating for so many .
And I think what will happen is that it will be possible that our digital personality will continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it will not be enough for the kind of content that we create and technology to do this in a meaningful way .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter history , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the outcomes can be comic .
But you can imagine how something like this will be 5.10 or 20 years from now , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the media lab at MIT has worked to manage robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a person , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN directly released its w.I. — hip hop , hologram , specifically interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to life , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s how it &apos;s going to be the definitions of life and everything that &apos;s going on after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have spent their careers carrying for their elderly , their children growing up , pursuing their personal interests or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all kinds of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , pensioners , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and restaurants .
When people work together , people see a miracle in their lives , we describe it as a high risk , and the person who &apos;s doing a career breakthrough can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
That &apos;s the problem of discovery , and I &apos;m trying to help solve it .
The successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years in order to be at home with his five children .
Singapore has recently written about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who has gone back to work for the social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest career I &apos;ve known .
Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And here &apos;s Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy referred to the &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; a quote from the people who tried to get back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there were five children &apos;s mother who liked being in the home , but when she got to work , she really wanted to get back to work , because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in demand .
She was looking for funding , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading to jobs without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone known that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a soldier who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I did when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The way people look at you is short-lived .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or work with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self has gone down over time , what &apos;s happening to most of us , what &apos;s left us from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me being stalked up after day by driving my mic .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were like , and that &apos;s a great motivation for self-confidence to get back to those people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was , I didn &apos;t expect business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been profoundly following the news as I was growing up at home with my four little children .
So I &apos;m afraid I &apos;m going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the empowerment of work force , that &apos;s why .
We have lower levels of satisfaction , lower levels of work .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our workforce .
Besides , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work just because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have to confront .
First of all , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed ; that &apos;s just the state of the art .
I &apos;d been doing financial analysis for so long that I used &quot; &quot; Lotus 1 , 2 , 3 . &quot; &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anyone else can remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint posed a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect to work by having the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worries about the restaurants is that they don &apos;t care that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
This is not work .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the worker what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term payment , no matter whether or not you call it a survey , but it was a sudden sort of insightful experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I watched as an engineer come back , a nonprofit director of reintegration led to a initial leveling program in the war , and then he got a job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities signed up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s a open-source article in the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Court of 40 . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old graduate student standing in .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year survey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have a reintegration agenda for returning to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people participating .
These institutions are underpaid , and the people who go to the forefront are given competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegration agenda to engineers as part of the initiative , along with the Women &apos;s Integration .
Why do companies choose reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to recruit real-world examples of work , let alone conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to take the long-term job decision until the stop is over .
This process of testing unlocks the risks that lead to leaders by default , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most employees were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only are we designing a program for readers specifically , but you can &apos;t participate in it if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employer told me that their veterans coming back to work on their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no doubt that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the barricades in the financial sector .
But it was time for work .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would go to something more , but couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved her firm and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from her home .
And although she had the second offer at the other company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marvelous and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their assignments , and the company not only offered her a persistent job at the beginning of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They understood her magic surveys .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
The Tracy magazine was an attempt , just as a block away , and it all finished in the middle of both Tracy and its job .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrated reintegration to the more workers .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer to offer a stolen or stolen credit card company who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Try the first story of their success , and you can become an example of someone else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to put serious view of the environment using ...
with crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just play it — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the government .
The unfortunate answer is yes .
Then , it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , and you can make a discovery .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the distribution network .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover , not connect to anything ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the first object of my own object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sat phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird device in my lap , always asking me to do something about it , as if I were the continuation of his body : turning on the light or bringing a glass of water with a glass of cigarette .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the unit was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really shocked me , was how he used the mobile phone .
He would lift his pants up and expect me to find a number for him .
So as the answer and the gift of my board , I made &quot; &quot; Stop the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people in it .
That &apos;s how my unit uses the phone created for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that could send his sons and daughters around the world , right there .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a cage , print his email and instruction and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person &apos;s email address .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and obscure to the ritual , like my box and likes it .
The next piece , the soundscape , the soundscape institution , which we &apos;ve called &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
This is how it works : we bend the branches on the wall , and there are little barbs behind them .
And once it &apos;s all around them , they sort of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they shut their eggs off .
And from the smallest sound , they smell .
So we pasted these posters on the three-room wall .
And behind them we hired over 500 such small farmers .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it becomes silent around , they sort of move away from it .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of disruption .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Honk ) But they react to the first plan sound , and you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them live .
So each cheese — self-behavior , mental , gesture , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enjoy it later .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but we found that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate this idea of invisibility .
How could you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which ranges — the camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones , making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an obscured video where the camera has made it visible .
Sir goes into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking it , and it &apos;s compressing .
This is a very early video , where we don &apos;t solve the problem of shipping and everything , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s located in space and under a monitor on every wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
From the far end of this object , this object looked very strong and rough , and in between , it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him , thinking , this is just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was beating up the wall .
And then eventually they would get angry and collapse .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thought that it would be like she was swallowed into a hat , and his body was growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s blinking around his head like a headache , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
His movement is limited by definition .
If there was no circle there , and the ground would be very flat , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no laws or laws .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , to get up the stairs , to get up the stairs , and it seems to be coming out the window .
And that &apos;s an important moment , because that &apos;s how we wanted to challenge the willingness of the viewer &apos;s instinct to run for help , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help because eventually he does it again somehow .
This was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , and actually most of our work to put together the mechanical , the balancing and the dynamic factors .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild the moment of his critique , because if we had designed it so that it would turn upside down , it would be controversial , but if it didn &apos;t turn upside down enough , it would have no sense of inevitability , so uncomfortable wants to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
He &apos;s getting sick now , so he &apos;s starting to use it .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself is changing .
This is a work we &apos;ve been engaged in , and we &apos;ve been working with the aesthetics of steel , the magnificent glass of optics of optics , the blinking stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the spaceship shape that was wrapped in the palm .
Our idea was to rebuild something as warm and remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels so close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a butterfly , and you realize it &apos;s more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking at it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still designed , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoys you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continually expanding and contracting , keeping a dynamic connection with people around it — like trying to protect mystery or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors in our design .
And if we just look at some being in our head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it &apos;s like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how far it took us .
Think about all the services we use , all the connection , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s happening all of our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day , it will happen in the history books a few hundred years later , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is that online there are issues , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk put by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the cross-sector of the floor debate , and if you look closely , you can see this one over here , which says , &quot; &quot; Hello , come on . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , and it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of the Girl Scouts .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of telephones and a Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are a few pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbutbutbutbutbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was built .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is an address of 730 Nizam Blake in Alam Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is at Basit .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt this sense of pleasure because of the realization that both the Beatles and Amjad computers were also infected hundreds of times with viruses , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we were used to seeing in the 1980s and of course in the 1990s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to launch an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually set up some tools . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is about a hundred , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you shake it , the guy will walk around the screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus created the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labor , for example , to follow the infections of viruses around the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I log onto our labor system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs we find every day .
This is the latest viral that we found on the file , called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if you go down , that &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re comprised of those viruses .
This would be groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are crossing their laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — other computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it could be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you type in is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and humiliated by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of your secrets and so forth .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you go in and you buy it in any store on the Web .
Because when you buy an online sales store , you have to register your name , your press address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s a famous example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power time , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can link to the web and buy information with them .
And that &apos;s obviously the problem .
We now have a vast underground market and business ecosystem that is built on the basis of cybercrime .
So for example , how these men can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s take a look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden and his colleagues who have also been successful in the INTERPOL search books , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal record surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hidden now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the US Council announced that the Swiss bank account of the Swiss bank , for example , was $ 14.9 million in that bank account .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online programmers are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code and have backup systems with the SQL database .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how we protect people — and try to avoid any protection methods we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys are just not going to be able to cross the road .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving out free airplane tickets to all cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
Do we go online and search for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one pile of junk .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file that has a crack in it .
And what that really means is that if you try to reexamine the file of this painting on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and pass the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the file of the painting — and this is the real code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really pissed off .
And we can go there and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you &apos;ll be able to see an online address : unionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to unpack the code , we will find a strange line that O600KO78RUS has written .
That code is here , under all description , as if somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I helped him .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the lab , and one of them thought that the power is red , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sank Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on your phone number and cars number and so on .
So I started looking for contacts in Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a few years , who has a private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And on this blog he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good enough car to a 20-year-old boy from Stanford Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put up photos of that event in his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the cyberbullying is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cyberbullying companies , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot shrink them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but thank you , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for a logical control brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , the little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , the keyboard that &apos;s programmed , put it in its place and do its job .
For example , lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet acquired one , a major revolution took place on what kind of risk we should be concerned about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — everything is computer controlled .
It &apos;s all computer-controlled .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re becoming very dependent on the Internet , of course , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to be able to work even if computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life rescuing the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cyberbullying , we risk everything .
We need to do that globally , and we need to do that now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to look for effective online harassment groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire departments .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gateway for people to be attacked , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are going to be part of this cybercrime world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gaps for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I graduated from college , together with a friend of mine , we traveled from Philadelphia , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young , we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout national parks and national forests — practically the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see along the way ?
My friend watched me very clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally communicates her face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all of these signs that we see in Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just pops up at me for a few moments and then she turns around laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signals around us and how we behave when things like this happen and what we can tell about the human nature of it .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we &apos;re wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all of my assumptions here , I am in time , all of a sudden all of this abstract acceptance of mistakeness flows through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
In real time , we go to meetings ; in real time , we stay with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the future time .
So in reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , compressed in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get caught up in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we stuck in this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how feeling wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to happen down .
Not bad . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m ugly , I don &apos;t love — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that mistakes can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be funny , as my sweetheart mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t feel like anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a flowing foot , always running and never going down the hill ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment where the legs were moving the bird , and the bird flying out of the jar , that &apos;s fine , it &apos;s bird , and it can move .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least , if you &apos;re six years old , the leg is perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we make mistakes about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we kind of feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So in fact , I should clarify what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that let us know that we are wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that briefly to early school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the bill , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , that &apos;s not the case .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable friend , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the right thing are expensive , irresponsible , and second , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — get used to that by just becoming ideal little decades , perfect , masters .
In fact , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , pain and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the world .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s implanted in the operating room .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their work — they get up and they send her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything was fine .
She goes down , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeons did a serious surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel &apos;s Health Medical Collaboratory talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overwhelmingly likely , you feel at the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to fail , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about to perfect .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people know the same facts as we do , and they don &apos;t agree with us yet , we move on to the second assumption , which is that they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it purely because of the individual goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and keeps us from acting awfully on each other .
But what &apos;s most striking to me , and what &apos;s most tragic , is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if that &apos;s the case , life would have been incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The puzzle is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be somebody else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s the same thing .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Ductor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the absolute basis of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
This mania , I think , is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and brilliance .
Last year , for several reasons , I closed myself with listening to a lot of public radio exhibitions for this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the ultimate failure given .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had a chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In addition to that , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As the creator of the ship , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen oneself , and something else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all of these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories feel convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like constant hangups , mishints and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we like mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and putting democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life , until he was too old and through illness , and he would be able to transport his government &apos;s son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and go out of high school , go back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advance and improvement , but you know , why do we need all of these innovation and advances and improvements ?
Because half of the things that were most worthy of thinking and changing the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) Actually , that didn &apos;t work very well , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where &apos;s my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Let &apos;s tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard it seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair came to the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee Kane , the Jews lifestyle leader .
Fortunately , those plans were detected by an FTB driver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bomb went off in the World Trade Center .
Nosair was finally destroyed by its participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people interact with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things for so long .
A few months ago , he announced me and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drying .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abha . &quot; &quot; Whatever the father , the son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I totally understood what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same wish to kill my father .
Those people ended up staying behind the burn rate of 650 kilograms and leaving at a lower level of stocks , at the heart of the global trade in the North Bank , which produced a bomb , killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I call the ammy , what the box means .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I used to have an experience .
I was raised to justify people with unprecedented criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choices of the president in the year 2000 .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was the victim of much of my life , and this subject was especially exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day at the end of the conference , I realized that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and honestly , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier , which was defined most of my life as being unactive .
The second major step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens factory park .
There I was showing all the people of all faiths and cultures , and this experience was based on educating my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
In the Preme Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and it seems to me immoral with good people not the way I &apos;d like them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Day of this . &quot; &quot; Next time , Jon Stewart made me open with myself about my own fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I absolutely needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian &apos;s dictator has made me a greater impact than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a breaker .
I was talking to my mother one day about the scope of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it took to keep the unknown in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use violence , that somebody will hear my story and realize that there is a better way , that although I had been imprisoned at this cruel , unorderly ideology , I was not ashamed of fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war on terrorism against fanaticism .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these feelless acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pockets , I realized I had no hair .
In fact , I could see them outside the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried the next door and the windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early morning card into Europe , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I struggled and I found a big stone , and I broke down the corridor &apos;s window , I took out glass ceiling , I crossed the inside , I found a bunch of cardboard , and with my helicopter , I opened it up , thinking that morning , when I went to the airport , I could call the master to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not going to be cheaper than a panel attacker in the middle of the night , so I thought , under conditions , things would look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortex , which reinforces heart failure , and it changes the adrenaline levels , and it makes thinking harder .
( Laughter ) And only in the travel record I realized in the air I didn &apos;t have a chance . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took the bed , flew back to the air , dreamed of it , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so I &apos;d been taken back to the airplane by the toilet , to a seat that was unremembered , at eight hours &apos; time .
Well , I had time to think about it for eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started thinking , can you do something about it , set up systems that protect you from all these bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe will be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and as I was embarrassed to speak about my blank window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist called Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago , called a recent study of disgust .
You all know what failure is .
When the unfortunate happens , the team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that we can think of as a recent study .
Some of it &apos;s obvious , some of it &apos;s not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it &apos;s , but it confirms a lot of science about how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , the bathroom of drugs where there &apos;s a friendly and opposite sex .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the taxi drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows governments to find their own borders .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled the smell exactly right , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly engineered brain to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not doing so well .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of reading , and so forth .
So take your place at home , your bathroom , your door , maybe your decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The students are at a particular table .
If you take a space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need it .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , by the way , send yourself back to the cloud .
If those things fail or fail , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re doing stress , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The Korean is boring , and it makes it difficult to think .
So part of the pre-frontal analysis of unintended illness is to realize that we &apos;re not as good at stress as we might be , so we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make very important decisions about our treatment or our neighbors or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to every decision involved with treatment , even financial or social decisions — to any decision that verifies rational fact .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower the cholesterol rate , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe you even know something that costs them .
That &apos;s the number we need to save .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might think , what &apos;s the strange number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything goes wrong , it would be a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of medicines are only 30 to 50 percent of patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make one choice ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medicine years to cover the roads to one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another intervention , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And amongst them there &apos;s terrible things : the pain of muscles and the pain of neighbors , the construction of the needle and syringe — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume the drug . One , five percent of those 300 will have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be a drug will change you than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so you can check whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to steal .
Most surgeries , for men over the age of 50 , replacing the prostate cancer requirements are 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re following you , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it &apos;ll only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are things to talk about right now with your family and loved ones .
You can reconsider the horror of the event , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react quickly , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think back to the past , what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing violence , or taking the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Monday , when I returned from my trip , I described a master to set up a code beneath my door , a piece of cloth from the front door , easily remembering the code .
I have to admit that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an unstable space .
They were hoping to attract the thought of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current bubble installed in the front , two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska and Gama and Columbia have had the pleasure to discover new land .
We now have the luck to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he did America .
After the Sputnik launched , it created all the courage .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , gave respect and confidence that people finally propelled something to space .
But in three days &apos; time , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our endeavors impacted us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can push us in a hydrogen bomb by putting the Sputnik rocket .
And then the whole summary started .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest attacks in America , related to Perl Harbor , and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s a space holder .
In Congress , in a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation trained when tens of millions of people were in 78 cities under the ground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes , though .
For example , some of you here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , science and education are dramatically increasing .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change what seems to be a very unreliable situation to something that &apos;s generally been very good for America .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
In closing , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors — a long time for joining TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third condition is less apparent .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , balls , sticks .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be shifted to war whites .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were rediscovered in mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest captain ever discovered .
During the four cold war , the collapse of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , around 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to be killed , and 100,000 more were killed in the military .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights looked at a number of fears as human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and , ultimately , the same idea that they had ever existed , existed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than rigid memories of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the victims carry with them to the executed areas , they &apos;re highly managed , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like the CSI you see .
Except , these things are used as a tool for the ears to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable commitment device during these recent war crimes .
The rest of life is often asked to figure out who these things belonged to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of them are hardened or merely commissioned by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to join the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , indistinguishable and target reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and recognizing these things guarantees that we will understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals come to an end , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;ll show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to do — take a picture every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they give you a lot of pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some projects going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiments that we &apos;re aiming for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Way .
The audience sort of enters the room , and instantly they &apos;re embedded in the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer notices them , they seem to panic and they stop in the grim symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 19th century , the alignment tables and the other one is about 100 years old , and the Malaysian abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach their position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , they become sort of a reflex of being in the space , and they become sort of a passionate and self-aware until they feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop at their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite obvious that the claws themselves are so highly held to construct the rules that they &apos;re sort of applied to the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankinis .
The user can see a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can see it moves in or you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of paper , or a letter sheet of paper , which is held together by two small arms that were cut off from zero attention and payment from a small piece of medium .
The audience also seems to see this whole sculpture moving in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability , we &apos;ve been moving very reminiscent of the instability by camera arms .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is over the hidden camera , and the other one is over the camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable state of the video feeds on the observer and the subjective perspective .
So we just took the camera out and we transferred the motion to the platform .
Here &apos;s the video .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to defuse the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of a piece of bread that you need to do this series and very delicately present this piece of paper with the observer in front of you .
The next job is massage .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and very high as an antena — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So , as the viewer walks in , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer together when the person gets touched .
This is the first test scenario .
You can see two integrated movements , and the object appears to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get the person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they &apos;re looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of Masla .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory , like a vaccine screen or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of assembling the object and giving us a little bit of distance with our image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium that the person sits on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at the size and the audience sort of takes the full view .
There are 996 little figures in the script .
They are taught mechanically to play by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to plan , how strong and how long they want to be run around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the audience stands in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a few holes or a few holes , and then no one happens until the viewer comes onstage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak ends of an audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object itself or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety , musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and an instinct .
It also has its own fragrance and its own fragrance .
So here , if you can see , we are very happy , because of the head of the image sharing in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other in order to find the meaning of doubt and impunity .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t question when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a persona or a network that sits in a room and you can see from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures living in this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different dimensions , sort of like putting a particular perspective or a landscape into one .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and at first , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic boundaries and the neon groups , as if the airplane were physically configured to travel in that direction .
We like the idea that these shapes dance around like they &apos;re fixed and they don &apos;t have any care , like they &apos;re restless and comfortable , until they feel the movement from view and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So this project , for us , challenges ourselves .
This image is sort of embedded in this very grim grid , and it &apos;s kind of like a prisoner , but it &apos;s also Tweeting , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and unworried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a fairly concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with the City ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement strings from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to the movement and back to the first move .
So it &apos;s quite small .
As you can see , it falls into my throat .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little bit slower , and in the first week , you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That &apos;s the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I should spend a year writing .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s a big project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the bottom , and I &apos;m going to put on the highest sheet , like a maze behind the counter .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to finish , and there was no one word left at all , and the only thing that happened was I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , and I shared not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I walked slowly down like a movie , and I prayed before the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
I &apos;m a writer now .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain and the real wireless brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do that while this happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but the Big Bang does not like it , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain of the Mountain is not the one that should solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , that works great .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just one more animal species .
You have to remix , upset and upset your birthday , and all of that in life would be replaced .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang does not understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are the next living thing — the Royal Society of Decisions that allow us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a shared picture .
And he wants us to do what &apos;s best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take advantage of things that are fun and easy to do , like putting on a nightgown or walking into a bed or enjoying a pastry .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things , and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call this the toy seller .
This is where freedom happens when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t occur .
When the Beijing Prussian leads , it raises the question of how do the deliverymakers find themselves in the blue zone , not in the boring area where important things happen .
And it turns out that the lander has an carbon footprint that , from above , looks at it in the most difficult times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start work now . &quot; &quot; And the Beagle said , &quot; &quot; All right , well let &apos;s get in Google Earth , and let &apos;s get an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and after that , one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I opened the web and I saw my face , my connection to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts playing out , and after a few seconds , the whole system is in chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — you know , the Panic Monster is driving her horror — by the way , they &apos;re not gone !
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can take steel and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then the magical thing about working is it doesn &apos;t go all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is a self-organizing system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how the procrastination affected their lives , how the Beijing influenced their lives .
Why are people situated in such bad conditions ?
Turns out , there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it , less about laughter , shorter timing with terminals .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re going to be prohibiting a particular project .
This long-term attention made them into views of their own lives .
They were angry not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they managed to get there .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no clothes .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe you &apos;re not as bad as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : the monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
Turns out , there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially knowing that we already used the chicken .
I think we need to look seriously at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because every life matters something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
This is work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the work we should start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Capiton William Senison , who was recently released from the Congress Museum of Natural History in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken the road to a medical emergency room .
The amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had turned on the GoPro camera and captured this event .
In the paper , you can see Captain Senison bringing a cold warrior to the wagon .
So I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a frightening love , and I &apos;d like to know , why aren &apos;t there people around me that do this ?
On the vertical axis , we reward people who are willing to advocate for others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And the first thing I discovered was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are willing to talk to others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do we do this ?
Why would you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
And that &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is hard because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the gas stations , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces operate to reduce the lifespan of our lives .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , and we call this safety race , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and collaboration .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can step in and believe that somebody from the offices is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It could be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone is the leader .
I was on my way to the airplane one day , and I became an emergency manager : The route was trying to get on the airplane before I turned it on its number , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device treating him as a taxpayer , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early on .
So I turned on .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Listen .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or I can &apos;t get a job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
to not accept their leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to strengthen their faith , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to get them to more than we could ever imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , a tech firm in New York City , so this person tells you that when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to provide one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released from the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and hurting these banks for their inproportionate comparison and prize .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated social cohesion laws .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave a $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mother Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will .
Different leaders are not taught anyway .
They name numbers .
They &apos;re worth the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , and in 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of her entire assignments .
In a large production company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t sustain the workforce .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most companies today , the government sat down and asked the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees have heart attacks , and heart numbers are much harder to reduce .
And he decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to leave the office for four weeks without any training .
Atheist , they could choose any time , not necessarily all four of them in a row .
He said that it would be better for everybody to suffer after a while than for somebody to cheat , and in that way he celebrated the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people that way .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few war soldiers in a war zone , and as the soldiers were accepted , the leading agency was eating the last , and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they were finally eating the food they had offered to eat .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we get the natural response — our people will grow because of us .
They give their blood , their hands and their knives to make their leader &apos;s vision come true , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood and your bullet and your bullet behind that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that not the kind of organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is the key to getting from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : enforced to see the future without limits .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in the remote , local community .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , cultural and other barriers .
Over these trips , my grandmother complained in the Gulf Eye , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Just go and search for Calais .
Something that misses the mountain .
Please stop and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in a hundred children born worldwide has a heart disease .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
The cancer must survive inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart valve .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes dramatically increases with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they look like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up was the green shower .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of transmission for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Art is about time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create the key to this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter is moving a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Over the years , local women used to tell the stories by writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new facility .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of a strong material that would record the form .
It seems that right now , the audience is allowing us to create a rotating device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device reveals itself , and it stays in place that &apos;s required for help , and it &apos;s required .
We have this beautiful system of building that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
No open surgery needed .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , this procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , a team , because of our intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenges .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly discover power and courage is driven by creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind , not because of education or access .
So we need to start the foundation with a one-by-one model .
We bring one device to make sure every child gets treated .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an idea that was impossible , that we would spread it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather , and growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I suffered from a couple of friends &apos; ground and we got married in the sun .
The sun is coming up above the horizon .
When you get drunk , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one makes anything you put on the skin and doesn &apos;t have to drink ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; I went home and I looked at it a little bit , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called pathogens .
It &apos;s typically the infection in the eye of a mouse when the eye is infected , and some of the infections that are missing can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindnesses every year , and the shocking truth about this is that when you avoid infection , you need to swim your face : you don &apos;t need drugs , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trust laptop , I didn &apos;t have as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds
who looked like somebody from KFC , you know ?
And then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone , by the way , I was the youngest person in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , for the first time in the world , I
You put it on the skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I was basically trying to make a product in school , and then I had very little resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to the markets , and you can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They go through when they need it and how much it takes , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the burnished cigarettes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started switching DryBath on a small innovation .
It goes through half and then print .
The cool part is that one cup of coffee will have one cup of coffee .
When we created that model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath in the bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million liters of water every time you take a bathroom , you can save two hours a day from kids in a village — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw this kind of universal advantage , we confused the definition of our product &apos;s fundamental functions , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human fate , and for the poor is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t study .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to ever give this choice , and the strangest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at a five-year leave , and later I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I &apos;ve been a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve been looking through a white coat and seeing several patients .
There were two things that surprised me last month .
I asked myself , would you like to meet in the cost of spending this way , or do we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have health issues .
And that makes a huge part of the national budget .
And many reforms are aiming to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs are not repaired , therefore they don &apos;t reach patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are in certain ways the targets of government .
The most expensive health care solutions are made exactly by them .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate on an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce the output .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no surprise that some of my art fellows are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
We kind of got a bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re aiming to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it health care .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; results in treatment with our money spent .
This was a beautiful description in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you see my wish confirmed by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the trajectory that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good results , but the worse numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can go to Germany , making good healthcare systems .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the chances are that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should be back on the defense .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monster or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference seven times .
If you look at a lot of different diseases in the context of many different diseases , you can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting of the year and talked about what procedure they used to do by operating a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and they agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , we should know and we should learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They discussed for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves a lot longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the country &apos;s clinical practice .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
Over many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who do , most of them don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , find out what &apos;s the best , start the research , share the data , find the best and the best .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you think about the effect of price on balance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least exit , although that was not the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases , the cost of the United States is less than half , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality and assigning its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that those numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like other advice .
If a cardiologist calls up the next cardiologist at the next hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a large global community in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , the BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me that cheating is not an exercise , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the International Consortium on Health Academy .
We bring in one place the best doctors and the patients to circumvent the illness , which is really qualitative , what we need to measure and transform international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last few years : cataracts , cold pain , smallpox disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers in this slide .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to go through 40 percent of the disease burden .
Comparing these two things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day we were sitting in class with the doctors and the sisters and others discussing childcare .
We asked ourselves , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We &apos;ve talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the church stood up .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a discussion today about what this hospital does right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can turn our personal in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system into not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that the modern medical adviser , Greek Hippocratic , who has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive the success of companies , how important functions actually are to succeed in starting companies .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put together a group of people with the right incentives and put them into a starting firm , you can unlock the potential of the unlocked people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why do they cheat so much ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain modest , to avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been building a business for 12 years when I sold a soldier in a bus stop when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I went to college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what went best to companies &apos;s success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment &quot; &quot; ah ! &quot; &quot; when you first come up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps a team , an accomplishment , adaptation was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote the Bosnian Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right for business .
The mastery of the team most shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
The client is real .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , how does a customer make money ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea stand up too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Will we start , but should we learn the world ?
I went to 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Idealab companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t .
And I tried to resign all of these insights into what it seemed like for companies to follow in every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not idealably successful companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just at the end of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their contractions to take their homes away from strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for additional money , and it was very important .
Early on , our successes , Citysearch , appeared when people needed networks .
The GoTo.com , which we presented in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was an online manufacturing company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the material on the Internet , add the code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem solved Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased by 50 percent in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , YouTube had no business model .
So to sum up , it &apos;s really important to make it happen .
The idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best thing to do is to assess time by clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I was expecting a lot of me , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , yesterday , getting into student laughter .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy , unhappy , and I was terrified of other people , the future , the failure and the passion I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I was preparing myself to sleep , and I was recording my thumb , and also hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , and it quickly said , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I listened to you , there was nothing around it , but the clarity of comments and the reality was unambiguous .
It opens the door .
That was the start . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting on the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
It was neutral , it was ugly , and even , over a period of time , oddly friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed it reflected my hidden emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , then the voice would get angry .
After a while , a heavy conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear their voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university doctors about the future of class .
And then I became interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For example , I worked at a television set of students who were communicating knowledge in a field of university , and during one session of conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
From that moment on , I was caught in a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , terrible sense of awareness , awareness and destruction about myself and my future .
When I was determined to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broke .
And then I became essentially aggressive against my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started listening to more voices , and these voices made me angry and funny .
Do you see that glass water ?
It started with fear , avoidance , faith and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find a purpose than a consensus .
Two years later , my state of affairs greatly enveloped .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable belief .
Now , remembering that cruel year of relentlessness seems like something had died , but something was saved as well .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by the person , but the person who delivered all that was disabled and ultimately grew up in a person that was forced to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it will always come in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to argue for all the good , generous people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of that burning , singular place .
It was very hard to believe at first because the voices seemed counterintuitive and funny , and it was necessary the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I believed before .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me how to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what I thought the real meal was .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each one of the fragments had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now I &apos;m proud to be an International Hearing Voice Movement , an organization that &apos;s part of International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation has been inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees voices like the strategy of survival , the health response to unintelligent environments , not the crime and the symptom of sch@@
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In terms of Chaz &apos;s words , beginning with social change , you cannot transform them back .
You cannot deny the person who is saving you .
You can &apos;t get people who aren &apos;t afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network for listening in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of humor and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental issues , creating new language and behavior that provides hope that ultimately provides the road to unlimited self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being encouraged by an institutional part to heal itself and intellectual capacity to leverage that capacity .
In this view , societal beings have no greater pride or privilege than the opportunity to help other beings exist , to be polite and to raise their hands , to share the suffering and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What is hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and removed .
The light never goes off .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , the picture I was interested in was when I got my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the maggots .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you stop the maggots .
Images like this : road jobs are going on in the background .
But there is an infidelity .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photos .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photo .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection in order to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes the picture real ?
Does it have something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not true , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a compliment of reality , where different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to the extent that it might exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illegal .
I see the same pictures connecting together .
It &apos;s simply a distribution of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photos , I think , is something we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photography just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar lighting .
These two pictures contain both needs : the photographic height and the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by printing colors and contrasts and lights on the blackboard and separate images , by transferring photoreceptors into windows of paint and colors , we &apos;re separating the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I came across this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The bottom is photographed in the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So in order to achieve the actual outcome , I think the main thing is design .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we collide , we paste separate photos .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right thing to do , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began a secret voice , a dense office world .
Suddenly we had a reverb .
The Icelandic premierer stood up .
It is estimated that the six major corporations that make up two billion dollars in the United States , related to President Russia , President William Putin , and his childhood friend , a supercriminal .
There are more tellers who are concerned about the emergence of new stories , about the emergence of another document .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can keep the money office and don &apos;t pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow to public services like health care , education , policy .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this general demographic of phenomena .
The media and political leaders have been talking about how open-source space can be used to hide our airplanes , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think most of the world in the office is kind of glorified , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind the whole structure .
It &apos;s hard for a law enforcement , and for the institutions and the journalists and the regular citizens , it &apos;s hard for them to understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding the shutter .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonsection has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Germany or the Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
The privilege in America enables international school workers to expand their students , their enemies , their investors .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was just outrageous meetings , no lawyers took it as their customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows you to separate from the students .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So what we &apos;d like the Panama Papers to give us is a glimpse into the open world for transparency in the United States and the world .
We , like Global Witness , see this as a sign that time shifts .
We need business leaders to turn around and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can eliminate a secrecy that creates the conditions for gender wages , corruption , money flowing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , John .
It turns out that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , is going to have to have more hidden documents than the entire world is printed together .
Could that be ?
June Anuj : Well , could it be ?
The real concern is that the whole print of the world works so simple that a group of activists are able to generate more of this kind of information than the rest of the world is writing together .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people pass these documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JS : You might say that those people are classic input takers of information , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art cleaning approaches to get the materials online , without leaving behind trains while information is being presented to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get the information on an email address , typically assaulted or not , we check it out like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — which is a little difficult to do , because language is about overloading enormous amounts of information , and our own separation from inevitable legal and political policies .
CA : It turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in a very rare event , and if we make something about it at some stage , it gets as much information as we possibly can .
( Gunshot ) Your call .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Talk out here about how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious report from the government of Kenya after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , in about 18 years , Kenya ruled Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and with one more attitude , they spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , who was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
This was the victim of a Kenyan journalist .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , before we had the election , of a national group of 28 .
We published the report three days later when a new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel Arp Moi — so this report to President Kibaki became an unspeakable source .
CA : So in summary , you could say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not from the official media , but inaccurate . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s villages , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published safely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge on Kenya &apos;s television was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the survey data from Kenya , 10 percent shifted the polling station and turned the election winner .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airline from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this push is not for the sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody lists .
I see your element , four Humvees , go one after the other ...
I got it . Okay . Gold .
Tell me when you saw them . I &apos;m scared .
Have them all away .
First , fire !
( Clanking ) Bye-bye . ( Clanking ) Bye-bye . ( Clanking )
The button — Bushmaster D-six , Bushmaster D-six .
We have to move , it &apos;s time .
Okay , so that &apos;s just eight of us .
Yes , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see them .
Two hundred and sixty-six languages , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . Okay , kick . I kick them .
CA : So what was the effect of this video ?
JS : The consequences for those who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that took place .
CA : Eleven people died in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; employees in this attack .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
Of course , from 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global announcement .
What do you think was the main reason for not enjoying it ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen the wrong power .
These are the people who walk in the street , and Apache is more painful than a kilometer , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill the people who are saving the drought .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working on their own work .
K. Anderson : There &apos;s been a Bradley Manning analyst done in the United States , and it &apos;s been estimated that he &apos;s given this video to you , and there &apos;s 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take these cubes .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 300,000 pounds of cheating and 50 pounds of searching .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at a cable from the U.S. Embassy Reiking , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the damage to human rights in those states .
And looking at these hidden globes , this is exactly what you see .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can get to the market .
There &apos;s a lot of information there .
So that information that institutions can improve outcomes and resources is there , and that &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to expect to achieve something good , and the organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of input to put that information in .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or even societies that information delivering can actually cause untapped consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , we think of badly immune policies .
There were cases where we had information that you could think of as a person — that you could identify a person .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data , that &apos;s a secret that &apos;s laid out , but our sources that are providing information actually have to do it .
CA : You &apos;ve got to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father who serves his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve spelled out what you wanted to find out about those unintelligent motions .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people worldwide that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How did you guys go ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yes , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , the people of Baghdad , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan , don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way people think and understand things , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light to the black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem to you ironically that as you try to unlock other myths , you yourself in the mystery of your information sources ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have one Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have resources that are the biggest in any other source .
And if we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work to get people to feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — from what you &apos;re hearing now — what the term of the TED audience is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s action .
Or the bigger you are , the bigger you are , the lighting comes out .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , gentlemen . You should be .
CA : This is the underlying Libya , Johannes , understandable .
We should take advantage of that . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do every day .
At the end of last year , a notebook happened in Albania a few oil fields , just like in the Gulf of Mexico , just not that big a scale .
We got a report — a particular case of engineering in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil companies had exploited the building blocks .
And that struggle has been engaged , and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what a competing oil society is aiming for .
So we put the documents in the country and say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it , and this week we got a letter from the community that wrote a letter to find out the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , they were documented by the authors .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , specifically to these guys writing letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re looking for intense slow motion and technical jobs .
So the numbers of us published in the last few months have come down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in our basic systems now .
Interesting in scale is a problem .
Like every initial organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that goes into it , and it doesn &apos;t get enough people to process and check it out .
CA : And what scares the most is the opportunity — or lack of work as a journalist or a lack of slow journalist ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and it drives our material mode , and we need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and also the lower levels of secrecy .
K. Anderson : To give you a sense of how you got to that action .
I said you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they secreted from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists will tell you that this is a recipe for how to get Alzheimer &apos;s disease .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) K. Anderson : You were a young hacker , and you were quite a young advocate for the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I sent a newspaper that I was following as a young man .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly the Russian mafia that wants to secure your old bank account .
So this word is not as comfortable as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody else &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your core value ?
Can you call them , maybe tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But critical values like this — intelligent , dignified people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they take care of it .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So clever , smart people don &apos;t leave behind screens , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I can defend the crowds — that &apos;s giving the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a piece that I &apos;ve been on for a long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a moment , what happened in Iceland ?
Something delivered , a bank account , and then the media came together to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
This gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult problem .
The country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
But last fall , though , we gave the report .
And the national television station has been broadcast for five minutes until the transmission , and as a movie movie tells you about friendship , and the reader has been surprised , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s happening here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on TV , our website was shown , and we were in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again in the society , and the result of that was that alongside some of the Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of laws that would allow Icelandic to become a kind of official freedom press , with the greatest prize in the world for journalists to protect themselves against the freedom of
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , they can enter the system .
A month ago , these laws were exactly accepted by the Islamic State .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — is the Big Bang going to be more powerful control , will it be more secrecy , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process process of both cheating ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure going on in order to harmonize the right of freedom of expression to find more transparency — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because a one-to-one attitude or another can undermine a very small movement in our power , one way or another .
K. Anderson : I think I &apos;m going to take you back to the audience : Jennifer , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
It &apos;s just a day .
My name is Uldi .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , ironies and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , contemporary meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he dance , and he doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , and he wants to be out of class as if he doesn &apos;t have a person .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the film , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his feelings , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Pig .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with the words : the irony , the Greek person , comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting thing about the Syrian refugee in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and dreamt of collapsing .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the bones of the Mexican War , with the washing of skirts , with the washing of my soul .
But remember , the ironic thing is the key , and I do that by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we get more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and nurturing creatures .
And actually , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve it .
He works wonderful . He believes in why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making facts much more like game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had an honor code .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine epitomizing happiness and then giving people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a story . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a network , sustainability , vision and revision for the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women &apos;s factory . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I &apos;ve experienced in my beloved background what it &apos;s worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of trouble .
And I would hit the table , and I would hit the girl , and the right eye would shake .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was teaching myself , I was talking to doctors , researchers , and here I am to say that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to mimic .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-female inmates became equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a man who had been treating me for four hours before that night .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would have been somewhat more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but there &apos;s nothing I &apos;m going to do , I &apos;m going to meet a couple of takers , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader because the core of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it reaches Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even though my brother Lehman had been a brother and sister in Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would leave the party extremely busy and connected , maybe the sand would have noticed a glacier because it would have been seven or eight hours later , and you would have seen a shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that inspire us , unlock the furniture and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be very serious .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of hunting , ages used for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to fossil buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could have done that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduation , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidates were gone .
I started training myself and became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fullbright program to go to India .
In order to give the paintings away , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my paintings were not distributed .
I had to take something .
The living room was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I went to the polling station , and I watched the fish pop up their net into the languages on the ground .
Every day I would see it , but this time I was looking at it incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first experienced skull was actually created in collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her glittering surfaces , blurring with every face , constantly changing her writing .
This blew my mind .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lithuania and in the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from a miracle object they would become something that would change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million handheld instructions , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was a city planner named Manual Sol-Morals , who designed a crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a long-term design for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , like the opposite of particularly fruit and vegetables .
Two years ago , I was looking for a pollen that would hold ultraviolet bricks , knife , air , warmth , and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network on top of the hill in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000 pounds of paper .
We had to design it so that it could move the grass around with the wind and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was static and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed the burqa bars to buy the names of the American fire hydrants , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the double bind — to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t build further on in the same way , because the broken oars couldn &apos;t sustain uranium .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial browser factory , and I &apos;ve learned about the possibilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language to be translated into this unique old canvas of reference for ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two children were born , we raised 50,000 sq. ft .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost any authentic .
( Applause ) This place was both white and moving .
Now it matters .
You came after this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind in choreography , and I felt as if I found the foreground and the same connection to the heavens ...
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create this kind of sculptural oasis for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed to make it easier than just a web sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by the wind , and then also explained in the trials , and also people who could be shared in all that nonsense .
I use this material to create a subway pathway on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the quality of a 55-week vacation and their community in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the storm surrounding the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plates of the Earth and reduced the amount of planets , and on and off , he shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which stands for a microscope that contains the Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual using a pencil case .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny little network of materials , 15 times cheaper than a penis .
This sculpture was already totally unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex networks and model them by looking at the earthquake .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line park .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and build sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures back to many of the cities of the world where they &apos;re needed the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create structural scaffolding for the size of buildings .
My creative horizons are expanding .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer , who never thought of art , never touched the local art museum , cut away everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to fly under this sculpture .
With the bones stuck on the green , there were wind turbines , surrounded by strangers sharing the discovery of the mirror .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became the body of a young woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information character is collected through all of our senses at the same time , and it creates a wide variety of images about what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I am the energy essential , connected with environmental energy through my right hemisphere .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
