Within this year , there will be nearly a billion people active on social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people get is that they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to look at .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , and he died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Come on . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would gather this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this site into an archive . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more careful than most people , but actually we &apos;re all creating archives today that are
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million tomatoes are lost every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and photos of their homes , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after year .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed some of the services that we have developed so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anniversary after we die .
One of them , actually , quite honestly , found me after I signed up at a magazine in Foursquare in New York .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidia , even before I slept .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How afraid I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think as long as machines can understand human language and adjust huge amounts of data , analysis will become possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough just enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to make it meaningful .
We can see experiments in this field already .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be common .
But you can imagine how someone &apos;s going to do it in 5.10 or 20 years &apos; time , when our technology &apos;s advanced .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a particular human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this precious stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast live on Wi-Fi — hip hop , a hologram in your study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand together exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what this is going to mean for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career &apos;s trauma , I call them reposters .
These are the people who have done the career to care for the elderly , to raise children , to pursue personal interest or personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , pensioners , returned to work , or returned to the parents of immigrants .
Going back to work after the career break is hard because of the loss of interaction between the workers and the restaurants .
When we work together to teach people the flexibility of their lives , we describe the risks of their lives as high risk , and the people who are working through career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
The successful reporter is everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about his friends coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , who returned to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest postcareer I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy released a torrent of &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; except for people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there was a mother of five who loved being at home , but after reading , she had to go back to work , and after all , she really wanted to go back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us feel when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She has been searching for finance , or bureaucracy , and spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading to jobs without any oversight .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone they knew they wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that don &apos;t happen anywhere .
And that &apos;s not going to happen .
You &apos;re just the sun with the possibility of the work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work 11 years later .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes down , what happens to most of us as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great antidote to self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion because they want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been profoundly following the news when I was at home growing up my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it properly for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that the restaurant is the unemployed force , that &apos;s why .
We have less consultation or collaborative change .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the case for ourselves .
Beyond that , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that workers have during the reporter .
First of all , the workers are excited that the reporter is removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a state of existence .
I was doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers are expecting to work by owning the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they succeed , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they breathe .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the restaurants that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not until they were in the career .
This is not work .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term learning , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a common reintegration program .
I saw the return engineer , the uninformed reintegration candidate , signed up for a comprehensive curriculum in the war , and then got a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s an up-cover article in the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; a 40-year marriage marriage . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see the marriage of a 40-year marriage marriage marriage .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services firms have reintegration rating programs for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people participating .
These outliers are trained , and the people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate feedback programs to engineers as part of the initiative with female engineers .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to recruit real-world examples of work-life conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to accept the long-term labor choice until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we got there .
Before that , most employees were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , it &apos;s not just programs that are designed specifically for reporter , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this reporter problem , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their veterans coming back to work on their reintegration software .
And there is no concern that there should be a five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell everybody that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another dad from her community ended up working for the Tracy offer , and this was the office worker in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to happen to something more , but she couldn &apos;t save anything .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved a company and colleagues , and offices were worse than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to test this march and hope for the best .
Well , she above all of her peers , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the start of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They understood her magic studies .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
The Tracy Journal was an attempt , almost like a marriage , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the club as many people worked .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a staff or a stolen shirt worker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of someone else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in solar technology .
And my little startup , the value chart , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using a mini inclusion , crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just relax — I &apos;m going to play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
The solar energy technology is ...
And that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s done and it &apos;s done , and you can make a challenge .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of relativity .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they reach , not connect ?
It &apos;s a company that &apos;s more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object that I call &quot; &quot; Search Telescope . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird device that kept me asking for something to do with it , like I was the extension of his body : turning on the light , or turning on the glass of water , with a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was still strong , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what struck me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He would roll up a branch and expect me to find a number .
So , as the answer and the gift of my suitcase , I made a mobile phone . It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
Just like my box uses a phone made for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that he could send his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper and put it in a dish , print his elbow and cut it and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual letter , including .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And of course , the object had to be especially prayer and received by the ritual , like my box and likes it .
The next piece is a sound-called &quot; &quot; Pygmies . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we were enslaved by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : we paste the posters on the walls , and then we paste the little posters behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they &apos;re sort of expanding forward .
And if they get quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they turn .
So we pasted these posters on the three-room wall .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little swimmers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it becomes quiet around , they kind of shift away from the ceiling .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become defensive to the sounds of disappointment .
They don &apos;t respond to basic sounds either .
Then you hear the train they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they react to the first plan sound , and you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them live .
So each cheese — self-behavior , psychology , boredom alleviation , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , it &apos;s then beautifully honored .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people had become playful and childlike around them .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company whose field — the camera system , we built a software that could track people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this room .
And on the left-hand side , you see an obscured video where the camera has made it invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Whoosh ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and switching it off .
This is a very early video that hasn &apos;t solved any of the problems yet , but it &apos;s immediately overlooked .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room , put it in space , and then put it on every wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one individual would always be invisible , and as a group would move in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
On the front , this object looked very strong and tough , and in between the sound , very weak .
So the people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
And then eventually they got tired and shut .
( Laughter ) This work is reversed by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would be thrown into his chest , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He waves around his head like he &apos;s hearing , very unpredictable , slow movement .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the boundaries were not there and the boundaries were very similar , it would be standing underneath the space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People came into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within minutes of pain being overwhelmed , you get a reward , and it seems like I &apos;ve been overwhelmed .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to debunk the intentional wisdom of vision to run after it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he &apos;s going to change again .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , and so we &apos;ve worked a long and hard time , as well as a lot of our work , in order to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of judgment , because if we had designed it so that he would be upset , he would be upset , but if he wasn &apos;t upset enough , he wouldn &apos;t have the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t have committed to running .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so it &apos;s starting to get harder .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in : we work with the aesthetics of steel , the beautiful optical lens of various shapes , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a jacket shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to reconnect something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a bowl , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were looking at this shape as a button and realizing it was a little bit more like a blank space , as if you were watching it on a sunny night sky .
And this is the last piece , still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Odyssey . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoys you , growing up in a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is constantly expanding and contracting , keeping dynamic relationships with people around you — sort of trying to protect yourself or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the rules , all the businesses , all the businesses .
And this happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m sure that one day , it will happen in the history books a few hundred years later , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career struggling with these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk pulled by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s found on personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the sector of a flowering disk , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for a promotional resource names .
There &apos;s actually a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 miles south of Abbutbutbutton , where Bin Laden was caught .
This is a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam brand Allah Iqbal in the city .
I walked into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting there .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I was so excited about this realization that both Basitat and Amjad computers were also packed hundreds of times over viruses , totally unconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and the 1990s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you turn around , you start walking around on your screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our labor patterns that we follow in the world of viruses .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and create an idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , that &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts where these guys are crossing the laptop .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — some other computers — to these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank when they use it , or it can be cyborgs .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every single Google search engine that you print is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you .
But what they &apos;re looking for is the sessions where you get in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy a ticket on the Internet , you need to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can log on to the web and buy it with you .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an extensive market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these men can actually work from their surgeries , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most vulnerable people .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his colleague in Sweden who has also been successful in the INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal record surgery , where they had millions of cases .
Both of them are blind now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. agency announced the account of the Swiss bank account of $ 14.9 million American bank accounts .
So online crashes generate a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have off-the-shelf systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefit .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that a family of hackers can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when only a page tries to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get on the road .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no opportunity globally to support lawyers when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving some free airplane tickets to all cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t get us to this point can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one of those spikes .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old cross-section file that has been stolen .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take control of your computer and drop the code .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been published , so let &apos;s publish it .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really upset .
And we can go over here and actually excavate it .
Well , part of the yellow code is now being published .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can see an online address : UNionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device that your computer will take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep revealing the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , as somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made him proud .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the labor , and one of them has thought that power is a rice , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sank Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a few years , who has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girl .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty nice car for a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his website .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Sank Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got involved in .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Mars is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online browser is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the bullwhips on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the terrain is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t get them wrong .
I &apos;d like it to be simpler , but look , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed in a logical lead .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , the lift in this building is very powerful to control these things .
And when Stuxnet acquired one , a major revolution takes place on what risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any farm , any farmer , any farmer , any farmer , any farmer , any food production , look — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , copying replications , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if you hadn &apos;t worried about them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk about cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire deals .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s a combination of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with guns , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their guns for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend and I were on a road trip from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young , we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout national parks and national forests — pretty much the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I went to my friend and asked a question that had covered me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reveals his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just kind of spoke to me for a few moments and then she stops laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this , why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we act when that happens , and what can we say about the human nature of it ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is false — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all the events that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of these abstract notions of failure coming out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we have time to stay with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the rest of the time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a lifelong journey , stuck inside this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we feel comfortable in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s going to fall below .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m sorry , it &apos;s going to go down , I don &apos;t love — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s going to be answers to a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , it can actually be funny , as my silly sister is mistaking for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , who was a foot tall , always running and never bothered by a bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the track , it &apos;s okay , it flies and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after him .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that the leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
And then it falls off .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re laughing , we &apos;re running , but we feel like we &apos;re on some basis .
So , in fact , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false visual .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we are missing something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Grab the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the bill , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a mantra .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in primary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a support coworker , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are unemployed are smart , irresponsible , and second of all , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect many of us in this room — agree with that simply becoming ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the CEO of the money , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center to do surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and joins the operator .
She gets dressed , the surgeons do their work — they get up and take her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything was fine .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body required ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body in clothes because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the mayor of Beth Israel was speaking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story was that overwhelming belief that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we &apos;re all experiencing so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like picking 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about to perfect .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing we do is something that nobody agrees with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we deliver that information to them more carefully , they remove the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite clever , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it for purposes of individual pyramid .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our rights allows us to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us act compassionately with others .
But what makes me sad and tragic about this is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your reason is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and so on .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said a famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sweden Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some deadly human loss , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the core of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and prosperity .
In recent years , for some reason , I &apos;ve been covering a lot of public radio exposure to this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these bubbles of failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I made mistakes in the back .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the garden , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think it will happen to one , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all of these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like static dust , misleading and unexpected end .
We love failure in our stories .
But you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would kill Iraq , he would find so many weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his entire life until he was too old and under the illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and go out of high school love , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s never meant , an audience that never came back .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but you know , why do we need all this innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change in the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , awful space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the South Pacific Office leader .
Luckily , those plans were being destroyed by the FTB .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
Nosair ended up being committed to commitment devastation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people are connecting with each other , understanding that we want the same things in life doesn &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he called me out of his ark and explained to me that for the last few weeks , he and his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last time my utter bolt gave me a little orange light that was beyond the tank and everything , and especially for me , the whole point broke .
My uncle turned to another man , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abba . &quot; &quot; Whatever the father , the son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same wish to kill my father .
These people ended up moving a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving a low-lying trade in the middle of the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called amum what the box means .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , a lot of time worrying about the experience .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I had been a huge amount of life , and it was very exciting for me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day when I was finishing my Convention , I realized that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt comfortable being able to go through a barrier that was represented most of my life as being untouched .
The other major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden Industrial Park .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was central to the education of my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals make a terrible difference .
At Pramode Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and I realized immediately that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other beings , and I find it uncomfortable with the good people , not the way I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with a living experience and a communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Lord of this . &quot; &quot; Next , Jon Stewart invited me to be open to my own fanaticism , and he helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places and realize that the word comedian made me a greater impact than my father , an extremist father , I am not a victim .
One day , I was talking to my mother about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind eye of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not hurting people . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much effort I needed to hold myself in .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my dad and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I had been involved in this terrible , implausible ideology , I had not been involved in fanatics .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism , against pessimism .
I do this because of the ears of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these feelings of my father and assess my activities .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my dad .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no arrowheads .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the driver &apos;s desk where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the next door and the windows , and they were all fine to break .
I couldn &apos;t travel back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early morning race to Europe , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I got older and tired , I found a big rock and I lifted the corridor &apos;s window , I took out a glass ceiling , I crushed inside , I found a whole bunch of cardboard , and I put a bunch of cardboard on it , thinks that in the morning , when I went to the air , I could call my teacher to help me .
It &apos;s going to be ugly , but it &apos;s probably not less than a paint shot in the middle of the night , so I figured , under the circumstances , it would look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cartilage that reinforces heart failure , it changes its adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took the bed , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they &apos;d already given me a place for someone else , so I had an airplane on the side of the toilet , a seat that didn &apos;t come back at eight hours in the fall .
Well , I had time to think about it for eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect it from such bad things ?
Or if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my thoughts didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was driving away , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago , called a recent study of disgust .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that can be done as a recent study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house where things are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it contains a lot of science behind how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find the fish , the bathtub of drugs where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which spans the range of drivers in London .
This is the part that enables the veterans to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the winds were blowing their breath out in black , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving at all , and not very good for moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the trains of the machine , or the eyes of the reading and the after .
So take home your bathroom , your bathroom , your bathroom , maybe your decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The Germans are a specific table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things happen , or if they happen , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
And these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re treating stress , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The Kortian is boring , it makes it difficult to think .
So part of pre-frontal lobe analysis is is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and that &apos;s why we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress issues than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or the treatment of our neighbors or helping them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , even to financial or social decisions , but to any decision that regulates rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the results from the lab , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the highest risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your statine . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know somebody who &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to keep .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , medical practice doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not the fault of a doctor , if anything about it and the fault , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlin estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave to the most expensive office , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to make it happen ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to spend a year on drugs to prevent one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another intervention , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : seizure of muscle pain and nectar and nectar — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One percent of those 300 are having a heart attack , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be treated than to be treated .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to wear a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to remove you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to remove .
Most surgeries , according to the men over the age of 50 , have permanent eradication of cancer , the number needed to survive is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can afford to lose a lot of pain ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the excitement of the event , but at least you will have tried to do that .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver system or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles around their metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unsatisfaction might happen , that we have effective ways of reducing violence or undermining the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montana , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s degree to set up a code beneath my door , a piece of front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t wear .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a lawsuit , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to war space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same prosthetic socket installed in the front , which is two inches of radio .
In October of 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska and Gama and Columbia have had the pleasure to discover new land .
We now have the pleasure to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the Sputnik release , Sputnik created the whole distribution .
A human being based on the moon , seen by ordinary people , has given respect and admiration that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our ancestors had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can push us through a hydrogen bomb on Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crashes related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He touched the rocket show .
He saw weights .
And the cost of space-time .
In Congress , in a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the National Security Council trailed tens of millions of people in 78 cities thousands underground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear wars are going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik has made some wonderful changes .
For instance , some of you here got a scholarship for science just by Sputnik .
Engineering , math , natural science , and within the educational sphere , the rate has gone up dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to ARPA , creating the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the situation seemingly unrelated to what Americans in general have even benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
To conclude , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors — a long time for joining TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d also like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked at the MIT Media Lab for 44 , and I worked at the very first TED conference .
The third condition is less visible .
Is it all applied ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clothes , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to be shifted to wars .
These things were discovered in the mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we talked to the experts , the bodies were reinvented by mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest trailer we &apos;ve ever discovered .
Throughout four conflicts in the Cold War , the heavy autumn of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , about 30,000 people , most of whom civilians , died and were thought to die , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The Industrial Revolution brought some horrors to humanity and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and perhaps the same idea that they had ever existed , laughed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be death trains that are more comfortable than their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they discover things that the fetus has carried with them to the execution point , they are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except these things are used as a tool for the generation to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the prisoners &apos; wars today .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardened or merely hidden away by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily detect survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will be remembered as a permanent , innocent and purposeful reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things suggests that we can understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool that you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be recognized , they will only be left in their pockets with their bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was researching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did , which was to photograph every single month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some interesting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have on each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Score .
The audience sort of walks into the room and immediately touches these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , and she seems to be following along and stopping into the raging symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two selves .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temple .
And we were interested in seeing how little change we needed to move from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 21st century , the alter track and the other is about 100 years old , and the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale , the biggest slum is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach for positions .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes like a defensive observer to be in space , and it becomes , again , balanced and self-organized until they feel like they &apos;re in a room or a movement when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite honest that the boxes themselves are so tightly balanced by the rules that they &apos;re sort of applied to the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page applied to the remote wall , but you can either see it &apos;s a holy A4 shape , or a piece of paper that &apos;s carried out of both sides of the two small arms that have been carried by the attention and attention from a tiny piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability , we &apos;re moving a very remote instability through camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here .
One is through a hidden camera , and the other one is through the camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable state of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and we transmitted the motion to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to define the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of compared to the amount of blood that you need to do this service and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
Another job is Masal .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like a tank — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks past him , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his arm further and further apart as the person stretches .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they &apos;re looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Masla &apos;s recovery .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like it came out of a factory , like a vaccine cutter or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of assimilating the object and giving us a little bit of a background with our image .
And so this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s built on the size of the audience to see the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this size and the audience is sort of occupying my entire view .
There are 996 little shapes in the auditorium .
They learn mechanically to spread by choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a few holes or claws , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from weak clothes in the audience , or it could be very sound ovations .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or structures of sound , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of being able to make decisions and feelings of curiosity and insecurity .
It also has shadows and slices .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of this imagination being shared in two hands .
This is a brief animation of two brains intersecting with each other to find the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t question when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is the window that &apos;s in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would expect a particular perspective or shape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and on the first road , and be hidden for two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic boundaries and the cool boundaries , as if the plane were physically confusing to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re removed and they don &apos;t have any care , as if they &apos;re anxious and contented , as long as they feel they &apos;re moving from view to view , and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So we have this project going on its own .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is sort of a prison grid , but also retrospect , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and worried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with Cyrus ETH on building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement element from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and back .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw him perhaps in the study , and here he is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough so that later on in the difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything , you &apos;ll lose your limbs . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a maze .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to bed , and I still didn &apos;t have one word . The only thing I had to do was write 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do that — I walked through the town of students , I walked slowly up like a car , and I prayed ahead of the end of the terminal .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s awesome ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was sick , very sick .
Today I &apos;m a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about attention .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that would damage my brain and indeed wireless brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the paycheck ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-making Prime Minister decided to do something productive , but she doesn &apos;t like that plan of the Big Bang , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read the Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain Bear is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : She &apos;s going to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Big Bang people are just one more kind of animal .
You have to educate , count and keep your child , and all of that in life would be change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang does not understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains is the other living creature — the Rational Society of Defense — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like sleeping and sleeping in bed or playing polio .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things , and not to do things that are common .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy of Thailand .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When everybody conducts the Beijing Nation , the question is , how do the paychecks typically end up in the blue areas , not in the sort of modest areas where important things happen ?
It turns out that the unicorn has a coal fire , which , from above , looks at it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beagle said , &quot; &quot; All right , let &apos;s do Google Earth , but let &apos;s do a Google Earth image , and let &apos;s draw India for 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking out of it , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panikon Monster touches her breath — well , they &apos;re not there !
And eventually , the Royal Society of Defense is going to take steel , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
A Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a magic career , it doesn &apos;t go up all night and write eight pages .
This situation , with three characters , is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were fascinated and written about how the distribution affected their lives , how the Bible affected their lives .
Why do people stay in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it , than about more funny , short-term focus .
It &apos;s mostly living in quiet and unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term focus has made them look at their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , the unemployed doesn &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe you &apos;re not as dumb as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember , the monkey is doing it when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that much , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to take a very serious look at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because everyone in life does something .
We should not forget the Big Bang .
This is the work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we have to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
The next year .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Capiton William Senison , who was confirmed recently in the House of Representatives in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken his way into a medical emergency room .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the burn , one of the doctors on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and caught this event .
This is a picture of Capitol Senison bringing together a warrior , a warrior in his cave .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I behave this way ?
On Versle , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve in wars .
Those better people are willing to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the exit , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the length of our life .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call the Security Council , the tribe , where we feel part of it .
And by doing so safely , natural reaction was born — trust and collaboration .
It has needs .
That means that at night , I can rise up and expect somebody from kindness from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only alternative is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone that makes it leaders .
I was on my way to the airplane , and I became an inaugural advocate : a trip to fly the plane before I turned it on the number , and I was watching him work on his commitment device behave with him as a defender , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I turned on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she said , &quot; &quot; Listen .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or not follow the job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said that .
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We liked it because they didn &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we &apos;re forced to spend time and force trying to get rid of each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York . So this guy says , when you have problems in your family , do you mind taking one of your kids away ?
Nobody else does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and so comfortable with the managers of those banks that they have received incomplete rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion principles .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . none of us do .
Different leaders do nothing at all .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , made a very recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of her assignments .
In most of the manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
They had to pay 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government would sit down and answer the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees have heart attacks , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to do a report program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the manager , were asked to leave four weeks of untrained treatment .
Athropologists could choose whenever they were in a row .
He said that it would be better for everyone to blame a little bit more than anyone to blame , and in this way he celebrated the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we don &apos;t get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about some soldiers in the war zone , and as the soldiers were accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let the first people to feed , and they were stopped eating the food they produced .
And when they came back to the room , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural answer — our people will pay for us .
They give their blood , their dress and their shame to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your nail and your apple for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is this not an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , local , native communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout this journey , my grandmother complained to me in a line of Kipling , &quot; &quot; Something is wrong . I find that .
Go find Calais .
Something lost on the mountains .
Please stop and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world have a heart attack .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
The parents must survive inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
By birth , this connection has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart attack .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the graph , the frequency of these blobs is increasing dramatically .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up was a green inkblot .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Rice is contagious time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these big problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a difference .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Only if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The white on the top of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told stories of writing complicated stories with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us get a new set .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of strong materials that recorded shape .
It seems right now that the audience is empowering us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s only done in one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s turning into a commodity , it &apos;s turning into a commodity .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very helpful to look at medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , the team , thanks to intimate conversations with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We take the power of our patients .
Their ability to quickly capture power and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for education or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We give one tool to make sure that every child is surviving .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one impossible idea , and we spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , I fell out with a couple of friends &apos; ears and we were married in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one makes anything you can put on the skin and not have to drink ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation today .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called trichotomy .
True to this infection in the eye of a mouse when the eye is trapped , and some of the diseased infections can totally react .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s minds every year , and the shocking truth about this is that you prevent severe infections , you have to swim the face : you don &apos;t need medication , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even though I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop rather than trusting the Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds an hour — I
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my mobile phone , by the way , I was the youngest man who owned the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; — I didn &apos;t need to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , which is the world &apos;s first ever going to change the
You put it on the skin , and you don &apos;t need the patience .
( Laughter ) So I started trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to markets , and you can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t exist in large numbers .
They go through when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not go through all the spare cigarettes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s what I enjoyed .
So we started switching DryBath on a small innovation .
It &apos;s going to pass through and print .
The funny thing is that one out of every turn represents a five-cent education .
When we created this model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
And we realized that even richer parents want to use DriBath in the background . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you consume livestock , and you also provide two hours per day for children from villages — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw this general benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man and a poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the Limpopo Airport , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to push this assignment , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in a year &apos;s travel and then I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and saw exactly the patients .
I was surprised by two things last month .
And I asked myself , did we meet in this way to minimize spending , or do we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
It &apos;s done a lot of national budgets .
And many reforms are aiming to reduce that growth .
Otherwise , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
There are many cost-effective health care solutions available to them .
You take a lab rat , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the doctors &apos; costs , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are silent .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we got a little bit closer and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re aiming to improve the patient &apos;s behavior , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of treatment in patients compared to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wish confirmed by three beautiful daughters .
When GDP started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the price we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good ones , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making good healthcare systems .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the chances are that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should re-use the pill .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year or a year , you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
When we look at a lot of different conditions in different conditions , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting of the year and were talking about what procedure they were using in surgery .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operation manager is different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve taken the data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — it &apos;s an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the world &apos;s greatest scores , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , the experts who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Tremendous improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only exciting part .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price on the balance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time had the lowest income , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery a couple of years ago , which was done in relation to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be recovered in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality of equity and determining its quality to the OECD average , it would save 500 million dollars a year in the U.S.
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that those numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care systems are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they will do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t .
But therapists also have another property .
They like advice from others .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the other hospital and discuss why the next hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s an accident .
It means the International Consortium of Health Metrics .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we need to count and turn to the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , polio eradication , heart disease , and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers on this page .
This is the first time we compare data , not just in the country , but in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , after 16 years .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important patients &apos; outcomes . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are the critical consequences ?
We talked about how much patient care costs , can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the session , the peak of the magazine stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , initially he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a conversation about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the outcomes that the patients see , we can transform the character into hospitals and other aspects of health care , not a problem , but a critical part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical assistant , beautiful Hypocrat , whose patient has always been the most important , wasted their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are driving the success of companies , how important functions are actually to success in companies .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right background and put them in a starting firm , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so jealous ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , avoid some of my own passions , and perhaps some of the wrong assumptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I sold a solar-electrified car stop in the middle of high school , when I was making solar panels when I was in university .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were the most effective at the success of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company Idealab because I really appreciate the moment &quot; &quot; ha ! &quot; &quot; when you first came up with the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the experience , the adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote the beauty pageant Mike Tyson at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true and business .
The masterpiece of the team shows her ability to adapt to the face of her client .
Silence is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of a client ?
In my mind , it started to melt away that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear before , and the world was not ready for it ?
Will we start , but we need to learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies at Ideal and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these Idealab companies , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reframe all of those definitions , as it seemed to me , of corporations following every aspect .
And then I looked at unbelievable success , not in ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozoma , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time has been important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the recession campaign when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes from strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for expensive money , and it was very important .
And early on , our success , Citysearch , appeared when people needed networks .
GoToTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract joy .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the good time was important .
And then some of us failed .
We started Z.com , which was a website advocate .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the video on the web , add code to the web and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of code was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the number of communications in America was 50 percent higher , it was also presented by YouTube .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , it &apos;s really important to experience .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time for customers is , are they ready for what you have to offer them ?
And hopefully , this insight may help you reach the highest levels of success , and to do something wonderful about this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , getting into student laughter .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy and depressed , feared of other people , of the future , of failure and of despair that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I lay in my pajamas , I lay down my bed , and just like hundreds of times before , when suddenly I heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but common clarity and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to check . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , and even after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I &apos;d broken it , and I &apos;d broken it a lot , because I was angry , then the voice would get angry .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that there was something wrong with me .
I told my university doctor about this .
And then I almost got interested in it , and I talked to him about the weird comments .
For instance , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to a university area , and during one interview I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrible , terrible feelings of compassion , awareness and desperation for myself and my future .
When I was committed to watching that voice not as experienced but as a symptom , my fear and my desire grew bigger .
And then I basically shared aggressive before my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices were contradictory and violent .
Do you see that glass water ?
It involved fear , prevention , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a book in which I felt terrified , unable to find targets rather than agreement .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had a whole wheelchair : speaking up votes , absurd hallucinations , odd , uncompromising belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years , it seems like something has died , but something has been saved .
The tribe started as a trampoline and grew into a person , but the person who got out of it was the enemy , and eventually grew up with the person I was supposed to be .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grass , but it will always come in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to erase all the good and well-intentioned people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that , because the voices seemed counter-intuitive and graceful , it was necessary the first step — to learn the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I believed before .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kill my house , I taught them to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice coincidence .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each of these pieces had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the medications and went back to the psychiatric field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be at Interval Interval , an organization that is part of International Hearing Voices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seeing voices like a survival strategy , a healthy response to unintelligent environments , rather than the destruction and the symptom of schizophren@@
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
By translating the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who &apos;s making you better .
You can &apos;t get people who aren &apos;t afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to unite the sense of humility and unity by giving power to the people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that essentially leads to the possibility of an unprecedented person .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinctive commitment to cure himself and the intellectual capacity to leverage that activity .
In this view , for the public , there is no greater pride or privilege of helping others through their education process , to be educated and to raise their hands , to share the distress and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be connected , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets off .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that you can &apos;t photograph .
However , my interest in photography was when I got my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier attempt to paint , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you photograph the process , it &apos;s over when you remove the mycelium .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you break a magnet .
Photographs like this : travel jobs are underway .
But there is an uncertainty .
And yet , reality is secure .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to maintain reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Is it something about the details or the colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart in which different parts of reality can distort in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the Third World .
But to connect them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and putting together photos .
It &apos;s simply a different definition of reality .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you edit photographs , it &apos;s very important to think about it , because in other words , photographs just look kind of awful .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken in the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : You don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually created .
So by combining colors and contrasts and light in translation images , by translating photoreceptors like glass ceiling , by combining colors and shadow , we remove the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to design it for a few months , find different parts of the box .
For example , the land was photographed in the marble .
The roots are from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put the house on the red hall to look silly .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the main thing is plan .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we melt , and we put together images .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right thing to do , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama shattered the secret sauce , the world of the office .
Once upon a time , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-billion-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars associated with President William Burnese and his childhood friend , a violinist .
There are more tourists waiting for new stories , about the change of one more documents .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay their taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations call this public invitation phenomenal .
The media and the political leaders matter how open-source space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not correlate with the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Germany or the Netherlands , we would see more U.S. interactions .
The privilege in America is to allow international employees to spread their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was only a preliminary meeting , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet , there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s not about individuals .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the students to break apart .
Unfortunately , the U.S. is back .
So what I &apos;d like us to do is take a look at the world of openness in the U.S. and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time shifts .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can eliminate the secrets that create the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hello , Juanna .
It &apos;s estimated that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to be getting more secretive documents than the rest of the world put together .
Could that be ?
Juan Assange : Well , can that be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so simple that a group of activists can transmit more information than the rest of the world put together .
CA : How does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JS : You can say that these people are classic input recipients of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art cleaning approaches to get the materials online , without leaving behind trains while the information is gathered to countries like Sweden and Belgium , the legal and law enforcement .
We get information from an electronic circuit , simple messaging , or not , fixing it like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — what we rarely do is really difficult , because language is about the total quantity of information overload and our own separation from the negative laws and the political population .
CA : It &apos;s called , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know the person in a very rare situation , and if we do , at some point we know about it , we &apos;re going to process that information as quickly as we can .
( Phone shouting ) Yes .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an infamous report that the Kenyan government announced after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , led Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the king who tried to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this investigation , and together with one other report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we had the election , of the National Voting Fund 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report to President Kibaki became an unexpected trip .
CA : In summary , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not from the official media , but implied . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian first page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors in Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published securely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the Kenyan survey data transformed the test scores of the vote , and it was run by the winner of the election .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fucking , if you will , everybody will .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after another ...
I got it . All right . Sorry .
Tell me when you see them . Shake .
Ask them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Cheers ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
All right , so we killed eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see them .
Two-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After a while , Kyle . All right , a-ha . I bought them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences for those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that happened in this space .
CA : Eleven people died in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters employees of the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a universal claim .
How do you think that was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are the people who are desperately walking the street , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter Caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shave and kill people who are desperate .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning of the United States , and he was sure that he acknowledged that this video had actually been transmitted to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy are bandwidth .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cube .
Five days ago , he was offered a judgment for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 pounds of searching .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy in Rikewalk , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would be looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , let &apos;s say , the Arab country , the damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at this hidden framework , this is what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have enough effort and resources is going to go out , and that &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to expect that you can achieve something good . Organizations that have that information that knows everything from the start to the end have a lot of work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for individuals or even a whole society that acquiring information can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I want to say that we are considering the politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized , that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s doable to secret , but our sources that provide information actually have to be done .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve tried what you wanted to find out if there were unintelligent motivations .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes an impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to get light into black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you looking ironically at the fact that when you reach out to others &apos; secrets , you &apos;re secretly holding your information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have resources that are imposed on other sources .
If we did that , it would be a terrible situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing — what you &apos;re hearing — what the term of the TED audience is .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or great-grandparents , the grandfather with the light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s the older man ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , my friend . You should be .
CA : This is the underlying list , Johannes , understandable .
We should give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was interesting , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is the illustration of our activity , the everyday activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a note came out of some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Mississippi Delta , just not so big .
We got the answer — a certain kind of engineering analysis of instances where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competitive , various oil-based groups had developed buildings .
That battle was taken , and part of the government of Albania was taken over .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing about , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is achieving for itself .
So we put the documents in the country to say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
that matter seems interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just check it . &quot; &quot; And this week we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to find out the source of a document . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , the author was offered the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches that we &apos;ve been trying to identify or test material ownership , and we &apos;re trying to get these men to write messages to us .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs .
So our publishing numbers have come down in the last few months , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these systems now .
There &apos;s a problem with pure attention .
Like any initiative , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of outdated information that gets the most diverse , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And what scares the opportunity — or scares the desire to work as a journalist or an all-time laser reporter ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to suggest that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and it &apos;s driving our material properties , and we need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the lowest levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I read that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the section , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get paid .
JR : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young at the time of the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I emailed a magazine I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by Russian mafia , wanting to revive your old bank account .
So this word is not as pleasant as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the basic values are that smart , rich people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about the generation .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I met in my life .
CA : So smart , smart people don &apos;t leave behind screens , they care about it ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crowds — which is to give the right crimes to criminals .
This is a frog that I had for a long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something searching , along with the banks , and then the media were busy telling this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve changed your position .
This gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an innocent story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
In the banking industry , the GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last year , we published the report .
And the national television station was broken every five minutes for transmission , and as a movie , you know about friendship , and the readers were wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was shown , and we were in very remarkable places in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom champion , with the world &apos;s greatest preserve of journalists , a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same for the Icelandic peace .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — or does Deep Blue have more grim control , will there be more secrecy , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because one task or another can undermine a very small movement , in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about the audience : Jennifer , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good morning .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and I presented a new meaning today , talking about me in Russian issues based on people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming for a dance and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be thrown out by classrooms like he should not have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the favelas of Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the film , but I &apos;ve never seen him paint .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , he &apos;s not expected to be romantic , but it &apos;s expected to be surrounded by women and to look like the aggressive Chief .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Greek man , the equivalent of the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m an elderly man , and I don &apos;t have the hope .
That &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield lawn , immediately in his soap .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be lazy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
And together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and endangered creatures .
And indeed , the result is more social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something more like a game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had our own revelations .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the epilepsy and then give people the tools to access them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a map narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a network , sustainability , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up millions of big ideas that are hidden in us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I &apos;ve experienced my deep inside what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of bed .
I &apos;d run to the table , I &apos;d broke the branch , and the right eye would shut down .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was a graduate student , I was talking to doctors , researchers , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to marry .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern matching has become gender equality .
I was having dinner with a man who was consuming that night four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to wear a tennis , I &apos;m going to have some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s not —
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core issue of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it enters the Titanic .
And our titans have grown too many glaciers .
In fact , it even seems to me that if my brother Lehman had been his brothers and sisters in Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would have signed up for a very bold and connected couple , maybe a season would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven or eight hours later , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency to our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers is the best and the world .
So I encourage you to zoom in and find some great ideas that inspire us , connect the dots and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a website of marriage , using the same purpose for centuries .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could take it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were dismissed .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings away , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I also went to the town of Mahablanca .
The last day of the show , but my drawings were not done ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But enough to create a large sculpture , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up the ladder to walk , and I watched stars shifting their nets in conversations on the ground .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experienced sculpture was designed to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately replaced the sculpture with photos .
I found her glittering surfaces with every wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lithuania , and with the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from beautiful objects they would become the ones that could change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hives of bees , and the culture was built in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing wetsuits in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them blank , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly cheap and short term .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet brushes , a friend , an air , a heat , and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the wall .
So we eliminated this 5,000-pound peak , about 20 to 411 kilograms of output .
We had to design it so that it could move with the wind and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was static and moving .
I found some wonderful airplane engineers designing bridges for the United States Department of Justice , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge him — to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I could no longer build the same way , because I couldn &apos;t use my hands to clean the wooden shafts .
So I collaborated with an industrial browser , and I discovered the possibilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could have translated that unique flow of old age into normal machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two-year-olds were born , we released 50,000 sq. ft — about 15- to 240 sq. ft — a dense network .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was built , long-term and never lost any authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
We walked through this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shut out the choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the headline ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these sculptural glass spaces for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new clips that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its journey , I felt , was needed more than just a grid of sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry milk that could be shaped by the wind , and in the experiment explained , and also people that could be shared in all of that by disabling .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway street on Earth in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine a 35-week vacation and their commitment in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami disappeared all over the Pacific .
He &apos;d covered the tectonic plates of the earth , and he &apos;d covered the melting of the planets , and by the way , he &apos;d shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked them if they would share information about the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 , &quot; &quot; meaning the microseconds that we lost on Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
They were too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny , tiny network of materials , and I modified it up 15 times .
This sculpture was already absolutely mysterious , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
And then I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could take my creative Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build sculptures that are amenable to climbers .
And while they haven &apos;t financed yet , I &apos;m now dreaming of bringing a glimpse into many cities around the world where they &apos;re most needed .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional creature , the form of visible .
Today , I &apos;m going to break it down with high-tech and engineering to create these intricate structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never gave up the local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to go under this sculpture .
With the bones floating on the floor , there were wind turbines , strangers next to strangers sharing mirror findings ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very pleasant . ( Audience : I &apos;m not sure . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a multiple spectrum of what this current moment looks like , how it moves , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left female brains are wired to think .
All I could look at was energy . energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
