By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to look at .
And so what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would come right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally washed away from my fears of cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive may have been written a better and more careful coordination than many of us , but in fact , all of
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are lost every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of the house , or the grandmother who is living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is to tell a picture of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anniversary after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : You go to ified . You don &apos;t even go to jail .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How afraid I am , what ?
So what this service provides , quite simply , is they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook as you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of home movies .
I think while machines can understand human language and address huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to make this meaningful content .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions of what you might say on your next message .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be very careful .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are improved .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could be connected by a unique characteristic of a person , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a person had created in their life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN broadcast live calling for i.am. — hip hop , a hologram in his study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capability of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them a reporter .
These are people who have made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interest or personal health .
And it has to do with all kinds of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , returned to work , or returned to the parents of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard for the loss of relationship between workers and restarters .
When we work together to encourage people to see the miracle of their lives , we describe it as a great risk , and the person who is performing a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this open-ended problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful reframers are everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist in the U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California , who has returned to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy released a quote from &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; the people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there are five children &apos;s mother who enjoyed being home , but after reading , she had to go back to work , and after reading , she really wanted to go back to work in her life because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us feel when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything on demand .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
And that &apos;s not going to happen .
You &apos;re just a soldier who &apos;s at the end of the job . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to go back to work 11 years later .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or work with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes down , what happens to most of us as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me wrapped up after a day on a motorcycle .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great antidote to self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion because they want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I did not expect business news .
My area is the finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid that I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the limits of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less consulting or partner change .
We live a life of success .
We have a great working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the scope of our work .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two kinds of concerns that the workers have while the reporter .
First of all , the workers are really excited about how resistant the technology is .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a state of existence .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers a program like this , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the reporter , that the employees expect them to work with their basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they breathe .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is they don &apos;t worry about the reporter knows what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in a career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term payment , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising sort of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I saw an engineer coming back , a nonprofit reintegrated candidate , signed up for a comprehensive curriculum in the war , and then got a job done .
I &apos;ve seen two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s a story on the front page of the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Girl . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old graduate student standing in .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; the 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services firms have a reintegration agenda for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are rewarded , and the people who move to permanent locations get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to find a reintegrated feedback program to engineers as part of the curriculum with the female engineers .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because the barricades allow the employees to work through real-time assignments , through real-time conversations , and the employees don &apos;t have to make the long-term job decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the risks that lead to leadership by default , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the employees were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for the reporter , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans coming back to work on their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no problem with a pensioner rape program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the bureaucratic business in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would work for something more , but couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved companies and colleagues , and offices were closer than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this march and hope for the best .
Well , she celebrated all of their breakthroughs , and the company not only offered her the latest job in the beginning of 2012 , but she made him more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
Three newspapers were an attempt , almost as a score , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and its employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration by the more people worked .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or a gardener who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using fruit input .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just play it — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the senior .
The unfortunate answer is yes .
Then , it &apos;s done and tested , and you can make a discovery .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of relativity .
And we also founded the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they reach , not connect to anything ?
It &apos;s a company that &apos;s more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao , and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object that I call &quot; &quot; Sat phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird approach that I had to ask for something to do with it , like I was the extension of his body : turning on the light , or carrying a glass of water , with a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was the best person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He would raise his hand and expect me to pick up a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my law , I made &quot; &quot; Send the Telescope . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
It &apos;s exactly how my unit uses a phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that he could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters all over the world .
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a cage , print his elbow and bind it , and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual letter above .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and celebrated with ritual , like my box and I like it .
The next piece is a sound-sensitive installation , which we call &quot; &quot; Pygmies . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put layers on the wall , and there are little pieces behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they &apos;re sort of expanding forward .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they sound silly .
So we pasted these postcards onto three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these babies behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it becomes quiet around , they sort of leap off the shelf .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds that smell them .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Video ) But they respond to the first plan sound . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So each petty is a behavior , a psychology , a desire path , a personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enjoy it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people along them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that ranges from the surveillance system , we &apos;ve developed a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their funds by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an obtuse video where the camera has made it impossible to see .
Sir walks into the room . Come on ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and switching it off .
It &apos;s a very early video game where you can &apos;t solve the problems of shipping and things like that , but it &apos;s immediately refined .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then we put it on every wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
On the front , this object looked very strong and tough , and in between , very weak .
So people who came into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking , this is just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
And then eventually they would get scared and they would fight .
( Laughter ) This work is reversed by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that he &apos;s sort of stuck inside a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It washes over its head like an ear , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
It &apos;s limited by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , the ground would be very flat , it would be standing underneath the space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People came into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , kind of too much pain , you get a sense of responsibility , and it seems to be coming up the other way .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to defuse the willingness of the mentor mother-in-law to run it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help anymore , because eventually he gets himself repeated .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked a long and heavy , as well as most of our work , in order to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that he would be upset , he would be upset , but if he wasn &apos;t upset enough , he wouldn &apos;t give up his sense of immortality , so that he wouldn &apos;t have enough help .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip of the object in which we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in , and we work with the aesthetics of steel , the magnificent dishes of optical dishes that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a square shape of a jacket attached to a shape .
Our idea was to rebuild something as cold , remote and abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a hull , so close and closer .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a button and realize it &apos;s more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , makes you fall asleep , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with the people around you — like trying to preserve a secret or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we &apos;re using it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we just look at some being in the mind , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what the image wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think of all the services we use , the relationship , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And that &apos;s what &apos;s happening all of our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will enter history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be thinking as a generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real issues , really serious issues , security issues and privacy issues online .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk , Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is an area in the anchor &apos;s blood supply chain , and if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for the Palestinian refugees .
In fact , there are still phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
It &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures that I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 miles south of Abbottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Bridge Alem Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I was so thrilled by this realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also struck hundreds of times by viruses , completely untouched in that year .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;m leaving a system here that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundredfold , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens sound ) And last example , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you turn around , you start walking by the guy on your screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , to track records of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan applications , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered , called Server.exe.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made up of these viruses .
It will be groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page that works in Massachusetts , where these guys cross open laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — some other computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers are quietly stuck inside your computer and recorded everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google-seeking blog that you print is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is sites where you come in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in the shops online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example we found in a server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can log on to the Internet and you can buy this information as soon as you go along .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an extensive market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these men actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden and his colleagues who have also been successful in the INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had a surgery called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a couple of weeks ago , the U.S. agencies announced the Swiss bank account , based on Jain and the bank account of 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online officials are the same programmers , the same testers , test their own code , and they have offspring systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , this is a video that was created by Clarified Networks , which shows how one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which is thought to have come from Estonia , is moving from country to country only when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the way .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no opportunity globally to support lawyers when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is a fence packed .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of file , which is cracked .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at the failure of this painting on your Windows computer , the failure will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the profile of this painting — this is the second piece of the painting — and this is the real code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go there and actually clean it up .
Well , part of the yellow code is now wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right here at the bottom , you can see an online address : UNionseek.com. / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it will actually send that program and leave it behind .
And this is a hidden device that &apos;s going to take your computer through .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , as if somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I threw it away .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few clothes in the maze , and one of them has thought that power is like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sank Peterburgh .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and cars and things like that .
So I started looking for the connections of Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a few years , and he has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his website to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good car for a 20-year-old kid from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
The vast majority of online crime , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot tame them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked something like this .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for the logical control frame .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , the liver in this building is very powerful to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invades one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not care about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farmer , any chemical plant , any food production plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re starting to depend very much on the Internet , on normal things like electricity , of course , on computers running .
And indeed there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even though computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when things we don &apos;t understand ourselves don &apos;t .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — think about sustainability , replication of repetitions , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t worry about them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life securing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t act against cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do this globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programming and fire deals .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gateway for people to be attacked , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with guns , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gains for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have enough work , so we travel overseas throughout national parks and national forests , practically the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reveals his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just pops up at me for a few moments and then she turns laughing because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about the human extinction ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking of failure , or at least avoid thinking of the opportunity to fail ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes to me right now , to all the circumstances that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden the awareness of this abstract misconception of failure is being thrown out through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m missing .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re about to stay with the family ; we go to the choices ; we vote for the time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , embedded in this little sense that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a community , as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we stuck in this court ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to happen down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid you &apos;re going to fall down , I don &apos;t like — Thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be funny , like my silly little sister &apos;s mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you recall the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , always running and never going to catch the bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the cliff , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the legs are running after him .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that it &apos;s also perfectly fine for legs .
It just keeps running — until the moment you look down and realize there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re missing something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So I should actually tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false visual .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the bill , and one of them looks like this .
And by the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are in trouble are smart , irresponsible bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to succeed in life , you have to never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — are battling with this simply becoming ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathons .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and goes to the operating room .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their work — they get up and they take her to the emergency room .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t this part of my body fixed ? &quot; &quot; So not the part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overwhelming belief that you are on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to fail , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But this is also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about to utter the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will go out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we get to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it purely because of the individual goals .
So this is a disaster .
This connection to our rights kept us from making mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what &apos;s striking to me the most , and the tragic thing , is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everyone to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
The miracle of your own mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and so does that .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
In 200 years , until Doctor said a famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am , &quot; and Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloudspeaking , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole notion of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and so on .
Last year , for several reasons , I put myself in the audience listening to a lot of the public radio show , &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I got smarter by the law .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the time , we joke that every single one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought one will happen and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a number of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he would be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life , until he &apos;s too old and through illness and he can transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and blows us away .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know , why do we need all of this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half of the things that were most inspiring to think about and changing the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990s , a man called El-Sayyid Nosair came into the Manhattan Public Library and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the leader of Jewish life .
Fortunately , those plans have been detected by an FTB driver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Nosair was ultimately destroyed by its partner in exile .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are connected to each other , that we don &apos;t want the same things in life for too long .
A few months ago , he pointed out to me and explained that in the last few weeks , his friends and I went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last time my fuzzy ball came onto a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , all the targets got off .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , like that son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They believed that I had the same intention that my father had .
These people ended up moving a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving them at a lower level , a global trade center in the North Pole , which produced a liposuction , killing six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , a lot of time in class .
I was raised to judge people by unusual criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was a lifelong cancer survivor , and I was especially excited .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt embarrassed about going through a barrier that was defined most of my life as being untouched .
The other major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens Industrial Park .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was the basis for educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
I was given the opportunity to work in the shows with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me creates a sense of empathy for others , and I find it uncomfortable with good people not just as I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I am confused with justice for something I cannot control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; Next year , Jon Stewart invited me to be open to my own fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the Jewish comedian has made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with anxiety , a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not touching people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort it would take to keep the intangible in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use violence , will someday hear my story and realize that there is a better way , and even though I &apos;ve been involved in this violent , unorthodox ideology , I haven &apos;t been obsessed with fanatics .
Instead , I have chosen to use my experience to combat terrorism against fanaticism .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible suffering and loss that they &apos;ve had in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these horrible acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pockets , I realized I had no socks .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the controller &apos;s desk where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the other doors and the windows , and they were all well documented .
I couldn &apos;t go back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nightmare because I had an earlier battle in Europe in the morning , and I needed my pants and my suitcase .
As I got deeper and deeper , I found a big rock and broke the corridors , and took a glass of glass , stuck it inside , found a bunch of cardboard , and with a stick of gel , I put it in my thigh , thinks that morning , when I get up to the airport , I can call the teacher to help them .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not much cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , things would look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortical artery that affects heart failure , it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back into the air , dreamed it still , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so they &apos;d come back to me on the plane next to the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t come back , at 8 o &apos;clock in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in eight hours &apos; time .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , design systems that protect you against such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens already , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my dissected window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago , called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what an unhappy study is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So I want to talk to you today about a few things that you can do as a previous study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Remove the space for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , the area of the tree where you have friendly and contradictory .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which spans the size of a taxi driver in London .
This is the part that enables governments to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , but by the way , they &apos;re beautifully designed by the machinery of the brain to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not very good for moving things .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading and the back .
So take your place inside your house , cable your door , maybe your decorative cup .
The world is a set of values .
The students are at a particular table .
If you cut the space out and you just keep it there , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
And these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re doing stress , the brain is turning off the cartoon .
The Korean is terrifying , and it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to recognize that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where you have to make really important decisions about your treatment or your loved one , or helping them develop .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it &apos;s applicable to all of the solutions involved in treatment , even in financial or social decisions — in any decision that you &apos;re going to make , based on rational datasets .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the results in the lab , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know that somebody is using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
That number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s calling , if anything is for that and courage , it would be a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug to take years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And there are terrible things among them : seizing the pain of muscles and the pain of the needle and syringe — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get the drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One is successful , five percent of those 300 have extreme effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get you a cure than to get you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but in fact it &apos;s quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , for men under the age of 50 , restraining prostate cancer is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is before you start to think about the questions you should ask to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the implications of the event , but at least you will have tried the way to educate .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system , or a liver system , or an immune system , because if the body of these particles lights up metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , you can have a burglar alarm , and then you don &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think about things like this before .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunately might happen , that we have ways of doing things like reducing green , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montreal , when I came back after my journey , I wrote down a master &apos;s department to put a codle beneath my door , a piece of cloth from the front door , and it &apos;s easy to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a pile of postcards that I didn &apos;t paint and a pile of emails that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a benign process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They believed to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same prosthetic socket in the foreground , which includes two radios .
In October 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska and Game and Columbia have had the pleasure to discover new land .
Now we have to be happy to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a snapshot of Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the Sputnik launched , Sputnik created all the splash .
A human being based on the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a difference and a commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our endeavors had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that they can now push us to the underwater bomb by Sputnik .
And then the summit started .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crimes related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He saw weapons .
and the race of space-time .
In Congress , they &apos;ve gone up very rapidly in a single year , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national Security Council , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were killed underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear wars are going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For example , some of you here got a scholarship from Sputnik .
The growth in engineering , math , science and education across the board , the growth rate has come .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows us how we can change things that seem to be a very disadvantageous situation to what Americans in general have even benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the courage and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third environment is less visible .
Is it okay ? No , not exactly .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , rocks , rocks .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to be replaced by war whites .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were rediscovered in the mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever invented .
During the four cold conflicts , the collapse of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights has violated several fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and ultimately the same idea that they had ever existed , existed .
Genocide is not only about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that none of the body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they discover things that the victims carry with them to the execution point , they &apos;re highly managed , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see here in CSI .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for the growth to recognize , but they also use them as a very valuable tool in the preserved wars facilities .
The rest of life is often asked to figure out why these things belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are destroyed or simply removed by our actors and our minds .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photographs will survive as a permanent , unforgiving memory of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things guarantees that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result of that is a photograph that is close to all of us as far as the close documentary can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did , and I photographed it every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share with you some projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on the most visceral and secret domain .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiments that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Show .
The viewer sort of walks into the room , and instantly these platforms sit in the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching them , and they seem to be following and stopping in a frozen symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the exhibition of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one being to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alphabet , and the other is about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale — the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is A4 .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach to position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes a reflective mirror for being in space , and it becomes , again , balanced and selfish until they are , like , perceived as being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite that the boxes themselves are so dense that they &apos;re structured by the laws that they &apos;re like the viewer of the tunnel .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankinis .
The viewer can see a paper page attached to the far wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin A4 shape , or a paper sheet of paper , which is held from either side by two small hands , which has been cast in invisible attention and attention from a tiny medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very disgusting way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper with no extra time on it , and they &apos;re not able to do it .
So this instability we moved very , very reminded of the instability by camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here one by one .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just took the camera out , and we just cracked the movement to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to kill the maggots , like , behind this big paper clip , there &apos;s a little person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of compared to the amount of bread that you need to do in this audience , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper that you see in front of you .
The next job is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like a tank — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one end to the other and moves his arm closer and closer as the person gets closer .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You can see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get your attention , it &apos;s not interesting , and it &apos;s looking for someone to pay attention to .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate &quot; &quot; mashup &quot; &quot; body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of resistance , with our image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the audience that &apos;s sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at this size , and the audience is kind of taking over my visual field .
There are 996 little shapes in the auditorium .
They are taught mechanically to play by choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be done around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer lies .
It can be a multiplication of claims or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It can be anything from a few weak ends of the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety , musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t really make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and uncertainty .
He also has pleasure and pleasure .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy about this , because the head of the image is shared in two hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Remember Book .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is a window that &apos;s in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create our own range or a network that sits in a room and can be seen from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting in a particular perspective or a quarry in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and reveal , and in the first direction , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic boundaries and the knee boundaries , as if the glider were physically constraining them down that road .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re mad and they don &apos;t have any care , as if they &apos;re sad and contented , as long as they feel they &apos;re moving from view and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So for us , this project is a self-organizing project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of like a crime , but also a grid , because it allows them to survive hot and naive , and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these true lifestyle habits that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the arrowheads from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and back .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough so that later in difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to do for a year .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start with a click , and then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to hook up the highest possible summit , as if I &apos;m going to zoom in on a postcard .
Isn &apos;t it difficult to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to finish , and there was no one word left . The only thing that came out of it : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped across the city of students , put them slowly like a movie , and prayed before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
I &apos;m a writer now .
I wrote a blog called Wait for What .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain and indeed wireless , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but this plan for the Big Bang doesn &apos;t like it , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read Wikipedia all about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this will take a little while , so there will be no room for any serious jobs in the workforce .
The old Malonymous Beijing is not the one who has to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : She &apos;s fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just one more kind of animal .
You have to educate , count and keep your birth , and all of that in life would have changed .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brains are other creatures — the Rational Society of Defense — that allow us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a shared picture .
And he wants us to do the best we can to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take advantage of fun and easy things , like waiting for dinner or going to bed , or enjoying a lasting pool .
So there &apos;s a shift .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And there &apos;s a conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the game .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When everybody conducts the Beijing Nation , the question is , how do the payments typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of boring area where important things happen ?
It turns out that the coal miner has a coal miner who , from the top , looks at him in the most difficult moments — he &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s get in Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I was staring at me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts to go away , and after a few seconds the system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panic Monster touches her — but she &apos;s not there !
And ultimately , the Rational Society can take steel and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , such as something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a miraculous labor , it doesn &apos;t go up all night and write eight pages .
The situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to do on the web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were fascinated and wrote about how the distribution affected their lives , how the Big Bang affected their lives .
Why do people stay in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it , rather than about funny , short-term focus .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of unhappiness and desire .
I understood why people wrote these words and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re focusing on a particular project .
This perpetual procrastination made them into their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they failed to achieve their dreams , but because they managed to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no clinicians .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe it &apos;s not as mundane as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s okay to use the terms , but remember : The monkey assumes when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we already have the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really paying for , because everyone in life does something .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
This is work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we need to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Senison , who was confirmed recently at the Library of Congress in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , through the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the nation had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this case .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing a soldier warrior to the coast .
I started thinking , where are these people coming from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a constant love , and I wanted to know why there are no people around me that I would behave this way ?
On Versl , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve in wars .
Those better people are willing to connect with others .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes who were willing to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said in one way , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the flow of our lives .
So we treat social animals , we live together , we work together , we call the safety rate , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And in a safe way , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
This means that at night , I can rise up and I can believe that something from a gentle danger is protected .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to overcome your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone that produces leaders .
I was on my way to the airplane , and I became an inaugural advocate , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it on its number , and I was watching him do his job on the plane , and he was treating him like a passenger , like a passenger .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she would say a word .
&quot; &quot; Mom , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or not follow the rules . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t need your leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are low , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , push their self-belief , the ability to attempt and push back , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a tech company in New York . So this person says , when you have problems in your family , are you wondering if you can leave one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released for the wrong things .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and so much comfortable with the leaders of those banks , getting irrelevant rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they &apos;ve laid out the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising rules of social collaboration .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Mother Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will fight it .
Different leaders don &apos;t teach anyway .
They name numbers .
They would eat the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of her assignments .
In most of the manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government was sitting in a position to ask for admissions .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
They have a heart attack , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to run a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of untrained leave .
They could have chosen any time , not necessarily all four weeks in a row .
He said that it would be better for everyone to suffer after a while than for someone to cheat , and in that way he celebrated the labor &apos;s morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people like that .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several soldiers in the war zones , and as the soldiers were accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let their first people take care of themselves , and they end up eating the food that they provided to them .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their knives to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your nail and your apple for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in the remote , local community .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city &apos;s borders , living with so many possibilities , without speech , cultural and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my mother complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something you miss out on the mountain .
Please go and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born worldwide has a heart attack .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
The children must survive inside the mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it &apos;s not done , the child has a heart valve .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on this graph , the percentage of these blobs is actually increasing dramatically .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Maltese was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the sky was a green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shock as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Religion is about time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these big problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Only if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the coal between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We come back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
In the years , local women used to tell the stories of writing complicated stories with glasses and unexpected mastery to help us with new facilities .
We &apos;ve used this traditional hearing approach , and we &apos;ve created a design made out of a strong material that records the shape .
It seems right now that the audience is enabling us to create a rotten device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device comes into the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device expands , it stands in the right place , and it makes a living .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , once the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From beginning to end , the procedure still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There are always many obstacles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly find power and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for struggle or access .
So we need to start with a one-to-one model .
We give one tool for free to ensure that every child gets treated .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s impossible , and we &apos;re going to spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , I grew up with a couple of friends &apos; ears and we grew up in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is poisoning something you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to sleep ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are widespread under conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called treatment .
It &apos;s called the inflammatory infection in the eye , when the eye is inflamed , and some of the infections that are inflammatory can totally disorder .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that if you avoid severe infection , you need to wipe out the face : no drugs , no pill , no infections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phones , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have trust the Internet coffee 20 pounds — I did Wikipedia and
that looked like something out of a KFC art , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , by the way , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No Child Left Behind ! &quot; &quot; — I don &apos;t need to add anything anymore . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath ,
You climb onto the skin , and you don &apos;t need a drill .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to build a product in school , and then I had a very limited resource , and I went to university and I met a few people , and we had a practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to the markets , and this product , and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform large products .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex does not cross all the boxes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started turning DryBath into little innovative transformations .
You go through the middle and you print out .
And the cool thing is , one package represents a five-year puzzle .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath in a bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We estimated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you spend your treatment , you can also provide two hours per day for children from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of global , we realized the definition of our product &apos;s fundamental functions , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process , Google has chosen me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also picked the best student in the business world , the first African to come up with this approval , and the strangest thing is that I did this because I didn &apos;t like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at an airport and I came back to the medical school that I learned .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve scattered the white coat and I &apos;ve seen several patients .
Throughout that moon , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , would you like to meet in the cost of taxation , or will we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
That &apos;s done by a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to lower that growth rate .
Otherwise , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
As many of the cost-benefit solutions in health care are available for them .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate on an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce the costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no surprise that some of my close colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we got a little bit closer and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s behavior , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of the treatment of patients in relation to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wedding drove three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find incredibly good , but the worst numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , it can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment , he &apos;s about 50 percent unemployed , so he should re-use the sugar .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monster or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
When we look at a lot of different diseases in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
Back in the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting of the year and were talking about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their surgery was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on it , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve taken the data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best thing ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
Over many years , Swedes surgeons show the world &apos;s greatest scores , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love that principle .
The therapists come together , the ones that are best at doing research , sharing data , find the best and learn from it .
Serious improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of price on equality , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the least expenses , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality of quality and determining its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say , these numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The next health care system is physicians and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality that they give to the patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another quality .
They like other advice .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the next hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at the Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , the BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the World Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one place the best doctors and the patients to talk about , the diseases under the illness , which are really qualitative , what we should measure and make universal standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , medical artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show you the different jobs on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , plus 16 .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve the quality , critical outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day we sat in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than what we &apos;re doing now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We said , what is the cost of patients , can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the session , the peak of the magazine stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a conversation about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the outcomes that the patients see , we can transform the personal in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think that a modern-day medical adviser , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive the success of companies , how important functions are actually to succeed in the first company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and put them in an initial company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and perform a metaphysical approach , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been working on a business for 12 years now , when I was in high school , I sold a solar-powered car station when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at who was the most effective contributor to corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; ha ! &quot; &quot; moment you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the survival , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a Buckminster Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
A client is a real reality .
And so I began to think that maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of income from a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Is it early , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 top companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to respond to all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not idealabes like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were surprising to me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes from strangers .
The same with Uber .
The airplanes were looking for extra money , and it was very important .
From our previous success , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoToTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us failed .
We founded Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread rate was slow .
It was hard to look at the stuff online , you had to add the code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code issue solved Adobe Flash and the content of the spreadsheet was over 50 percent , in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that the experience is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having dinner , getting into student laughter .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy and terrified , terrified of other people , of the future , of failure and of despair that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started , smiling at myself , rubbbing my leg , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but commentary clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to the reading . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded and even , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , then the voice would get angry .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation going on , that normal people don &apos;t hear their voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that there was something wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctor .
And then I got interested in it , and I talked to him about some strange comment .
For example , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge across a field of university , and during one particularly fetched conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
From that moment on , I was stunned in a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrible , terrible feeling of awareness and awareness of myself and my future .
When I was determined to look at that voice not as experienced but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to reverse has increased .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices started to turn upside and forward .
Can you see that glass of water ?
There was a wave of fear , of avoidance , of uncertainty and of uncertainty , and it was a book in which I felt terrified , not able to find any target or agreement .
Two years later , my stomach greatly underestimated .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , uncompromising belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years of contemplation seems like something has died , but something has been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by the person , but the person who was ultimately destroyed and ultimately rushed to the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories are awful for the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same grass , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to bury all the good , older people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that , because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was necessary the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I trusted .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house , I taught them to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to be a real vote violation .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
And when I finally got all that knowledge , I got all the pieces together , and each of those pieces had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing vote , an organization that &apos;s part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seeing votes as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to the unintelligent environment , not to mention and the symptom of schiz@@
This society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Cheka , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
You cannot recognize the person who &apos;s making you better .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of humor and unity , giving power to people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope , which essentially drives the road to unexpected self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being encouraged by an instinct to heal himself , and that intellectual capacity to leverage that gap .
In this view , societal societies have no greater pride or privilege of helping others succeed , to be resident and to raise their hands , share the courage and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and removed .
Light never gets out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for painting , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important for planning .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a button .
So for me photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process begins when you break the maggots .
Pictures like this : road jobs are going on a long way .
But there is an unbelief .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , this is not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand the limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes the picture real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a sort of real-world map where different parts of reality can play out in different ways to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three perfect imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , in a way that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn to the brain because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same pictures connecting .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is something we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us into our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of awful .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule is : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors , contrasts and light in translators and pictures , by translating photoreceptors of glass into color and click , we extract the edges between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be constructed from literally hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to those ideas .
But it doesn &apos;t require much planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the suitcase .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Cancer is from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look sweet .
So to achieve the realistic result , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we melt , mixed together , image .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at creating the right frames , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that &apos;s limiting to us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The Panama Papers opened the secret sauce , the deep office world .
All of a sudden , we got a revelation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It is estimated that the six commercial companies that make two billion U.S. dollars , related to President Ross , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a fabulous violinist .
There are more tickets that are concerned about the rise of new stories , about the rise of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money to office and not pay taxes , that &apos;s less expensive for public services like health care , education , policy prescription .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this global warming phenomenon .
The media and political leaders are really concerned about how open-air space can be used to hide our slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think most of the world in the office is kind of glorified , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s happening .
Interestingly , this event did not correlate with the news in the United States .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans out there who are hiding behind bars .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Germany or Netherlands , we would see more contact with Americans .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to expand their students , their brothers , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just an industrial meeting , no lawyers accepted it as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows you to remove the message from the boss .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So we would like the Panama movement to give us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can eliminate the mystery that creates the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi there , Jylan .
It &apos;s estimated that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to be doing more hidden documents than it is writing together in the world .
Could it be ?
Julian Assange : Well , could it be ?
What &apos;s troubling about this is that the whole world &apos;s print works so simply that a group of activists are able to gather more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JO : You can say that these people are the classic information drivers . There &apos;s no way they can give us information .
We use the latest encryption methods on the Internet to send material , without leaving tracks , while information is gathered in countries like Sweden and Belgium , the legitimate safety .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages or not , fixing it like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — something that &apos;s hard to do in retrospect , because language goes to the public domain of massive amounts of information and our own restraints from the inevitable legal and political population .
CA : Actually , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in a very rare event , and if we do know that at some point in time , it will destroy the information as quickly as possible .
( Voice-over ) Behind me .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret delay that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , led Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the king that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this investigation , and together with one other report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information before the election , the national election , on the 28th of December .
We published the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report to President in Kibaki became an unexpected hero .
CA : In summary , you can say that accounting information has been translated into Kenya , not from official media , but from illegal . You think it &apos;s really changed the outcome of the choice ?
JO : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published securely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and Kenya &apos;s defense data transformed 10 percent of the vote and it was taken by the winner of the election .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search engine is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Force movie .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody pays attention .
I see your element , four Humvees , go one after another ...
I got it . All right . Sorry .
Tell me when you see them . I &apos;m scared .
Ask them all .
First , fire !
( Cheers ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Cheers ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , we just ran eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see them .
Two-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . Okay , uh-oh . I bought them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The responses to those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
Here are just three of the first attacks that took place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
They died from 18 to 26 people .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global appeal .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache slower down a kilometer , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of limb , looking for wisdom to heal and kill people to save the damaged .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning of the United States , and it turns out that he acknowledged that this video was sent to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy are telegrams .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cup .
Five days ago , he was offered a judgment for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at a cable from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a big fan of this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JO : We would have chosen those . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden globes , this is the exact same picture .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to overmarkets .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that an organization can put in its output and its resources is thrown out , then it &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , an organization that provides the information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , a lot of it builds work to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole of society that information exchange can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , we &apos;re considering the politics of immunization .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources of information have to actually do it .
CA : You have to build it .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you &apos;ve done to search for exclusive motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
This makes an impression — impressed by millions of people around the world that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like that . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who learn for this . That &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you looking ironically at the fact that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly holding your information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edit .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be the dissidents in other places .
If we did that , it would be a terrible situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in understanding — what you &apos;re hearing — what the term of the TED audience is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s action .
Or the bigger you are , the bigger you are , carrying light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps him a big man ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , I did . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying list , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , of everyday activity .
At the end of last year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil-rich caves , similar to the Mississippi Delta , just not so big .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of incidents , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil companies sprayed the building blocks .
And that struggle has been engaged , and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what he was talking about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is going to achieve for itself .
So we put the paper in the country and say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it . &quot; &quot; And this week we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to find out the source of the document . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , they were documented by the authors of the document .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , which is , we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information out of your GDP ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search engines and technical jobs .
And so the numbers of our publications in the last few months have come down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested , now , in our major systems .
The mass of interest is the problem .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — is there a lack of willingness to work as a journalist or an all-time laser reporter ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and it drives the way we treat it , we need to restructure it so that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I read that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two combine ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologist would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get Alzheimer &apos;s .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young at the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I emailed a magazine I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by Russian mafia , trying to correct your old bank account .
So this word is not as pleasant as it was before .
CA : Well , actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we have them check us , maybe tell us what happened that took their choices ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t respond to that .
But critical values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their families .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So intelligent , well-meaning people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crowds — that is to give the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me tell you a quick story , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , I put in a bank account , and then the media accounts were funded to tell this story .
Instead , they transformed your position .
This gave you a big peace in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the late last year , we passed the report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes before the transmission . As a movie , you know about the cloud , and the readers have been wondering , &quot; Never has that been . What &apos;s happening here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on television , our online network was being shown , and we were getting very impressive in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was , together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom writer , with the greatest press in the world to protect journalists , a new element for Freedom of speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these laws were exactly accepted by the Islands .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even be more distraught , will it be more secret , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to come up with more transparency — this is happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can undermine a very small movement , in our own volume , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you the audience here : Johannes , be fresh , and let &apos;s move on .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day zero .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and I presented a new meaning , a modern meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he shout , and he carries a violent battle in order to not be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Pig .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and play with words : the ironic , the Greek person , the compared person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly woman , and I have no hope of rescuing .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield , with the windshield laid in my name .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
Although together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be community and nurtured .
And in fact , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something a little bit more like this .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had wings .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the tremendous success and then giving people the tools to achieve it .
We made this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a story . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a knowledge network , sustainability , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) There &apos;s a whole room of women in charge . There &apos;s a full room .
Women who don &apos;t know .
I experienced my deep inside what darkness was worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I &apos;d run my head up to the table , and I &apos;d roll down a branch , and the right eye had to turn .
Then I began to discover my value again .
Throughout that time , I &apos;ve been teaching , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , researchers , and I &apos;m here to say that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-dominated males have become equal to male-dominated .
I was having dinner with a man who was treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been five years old , the dinner would have been much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really dressed in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss a trend , I &apos;m going to miss a couple of clubs , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think it means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our titans have grown too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even though my brother Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would be left in a very friendly and linked , maybe the sand would have noticed the glacier , because it would have been washed over 7.5 or eight hours of sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what &apos;s causing more joy and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to zoom in and find some great ideas that inspire us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a web of hunting , ages used for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools after college , and all of their candidates were rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings away , I sent the paintings off to the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not published .
I had to take something .
The living room was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for the creation of a large skull , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I saw flowers pouring down my network to talk to the beds .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but I once looked at it immense — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first experienced skull was originally designed in collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her bright surfaces reverberating with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classical classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later in Lebanon , and with the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from magical objects they would become the ones that could change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hand-held apartments , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man , Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing wetsuits in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-engineered , sustainable , as opposed to particularly frugal and brief .
Two years ago , I was looking for a rainforest that would hold ultraviolet rains , drought , weather , fertility and make it easier to float in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the eastern border .
So we eliminated this 5,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the wind and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was static and moving .
I &apos;ve found some brilliant airplane engineers who are designing bridges for the U.S. Arctic Circle competition , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the two , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hand up the grass .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial browser , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need the networks .
But there was no language to be translated into this unique old cannibalization of normal machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two-year-olds were born , we raised 50,000 square feet — about 15,240 square feet — a dense network .
It was hard to believe that what I once imagined was built , lengthy and unforgiving , had no authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it matters .
We walked through this skull for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind in creating choreography , and I felt like I had a forehead , and I found a connection with the headlines ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these skyscraper cities for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its roots , I felt , were needed easier than just to make a grid sculpture .
So we experimented with exquisitely small pieces of water to create dry milk that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be shared in all of that regardless .
I use this material to create a subway street on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an x-ray of the movement system in the city .
Another challenge : Connecticulture and ideas &apos; Biennial of the Americas , &apos; written in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine the 35-week vacation cleanup and their collaboration in one single skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami flowing across the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plates of the Earth and replaced the planets with nothing to translate them , had shrunk the Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA , and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which represents the microseconds that we have on the Earth .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny little network of material , 15 times cheaper than a pencil .
This sculpture was already absolutely mysterious , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex network shapes and model them , looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and build skulls that look like skins .
So far , they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many cities in the world where they &apos;re most important .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create a glimpse of the size of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer , who never thought of art , never mentioned the local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to follow this sculpture .
With the bones stuck on the green , there were wind turbines , surrounding strangers sharing miracle discoveries ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information character is collected through all of our sensory systems at the same time , and it creates a multiple spectrum of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is mostly thinking .
All I could look at was energy . energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
