By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all these people are suggesting is that they all die .
Although this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technology journalist , who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would unpack this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more carefully coordinated than most people , but in fact , all of us
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of your house , or a grandmother who lives in a box right now .
But today , we are all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the clouds of time , year after year after year , when you &apos;re gone .
And I think it will create some incredibly intriguing technological possibilities .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve seen some of the talks that are being created for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdote after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortably found me after I logged in one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but ever , even in organic food .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifidia . Even before you get there .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook during which you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Prime Minister .
And what it allows you to do is to create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is even more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of home movies .
I think while machines can understand human language and encode huge amounts of data , analyzing someone &apos;s entire life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating huge amounts of data .
I think what will happen is that our digital personality will continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the kind of content that we have and technology to do it meaningfully .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be strange .
But you can imagine how something like this will happen in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are improving .
To go on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could connect with the unique characteristics of a human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human being created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible scene and election night in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast live w.I. among them — hip hop a hologram from their studio with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , with all the wealth created by that person until they were still alive .
I think it can be totally possible because of the amount of data that we use and the capacity of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what it means to be the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them a restaurant .
These are people who made a career out of caring for the elderly , who grow up to follow personal interests or personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , pensioners who go back to work , or senior immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a lack of relationship between workers and restaurants .
Working together showing people the flaws of their lives , in describing their risks as a high risk , and the people who make a career break can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council who returned to work for the social services organization after 25 years .
This is my longest career as well .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And here &apos;s Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the claim of &quot; &quot; Today Show , &quot; &quot; which was given to people who tried to return to the present , but faced with difficulty .
Tracy wrote that there were five children whose mothers loved being in the home , but after the reading , she had to go back to work without actually wanting to go back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for funding , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months studying companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public and look for work and tell everyone knowing that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations you can &apos;t get anywhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a suntan that will ultimately outlive your work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you a discovery that I made when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career trauma .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
Here I am , driving my bicycle every day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a wonderful encouragement of self-confidence to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t make business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been heavily following the news when I was at home as a child of four .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the resilience of labor , and that &apos;s why .
We have less consent or partner work transmission .
We live a life of more seeds .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the circumstances of our work .
Beyond that , we have energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two conditions that workers have when they call restaurants .
First , workers are really excited about the resistance of technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically removed ; it &apos;s just a constant state .
I was doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus 1 to 2 to 3 .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged me a lot , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers expect to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they breathe .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they don &apos;t care that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I said to the restaurants that they needed to work well , and to explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in a career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the worker what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of a short-term workforce , whether or not you call it a surprise , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw how Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee started a general reintegration program .
I saw , as the return engineer , the IMF , the IMF , actually ran into the initial confirmation program in the military , and then got a full-time job .
I saw two universities that are integrating into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s an open-source newspaper in Harvard Business Review called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marker between college graduates .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have reintegrated rating agencies to return to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are trained , and people who go to the permanent position get competitive comparisons .
Now , seven of the biggest engineering companies are trying to reintegrate engineering programs to come back to engineers as part of the initiative with Women &apos;s Engineering Field .
Why do companies choose reintegration ?
Because institutions allow employees to work on remixing real-world examples of work , encourage conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make the decision to work until the institution is over .
This testing period removes the risks that are occurring in leaders by regulating restaurants , and they attract great leaders who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing the restaurants .
But right now , not only are the programs that are designed specifically for restaurants , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resources in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of reverberation , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their veterans come back to work on their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no obstacle to not being able to be a pensioner interface program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from their community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the bureaucracy work in the financial sector .
But that was the work of the newspaper .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would happen to something more , but couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was worse than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all of their postcards , and not only did the company offer her a lasting job in the beginning of 2012 , but she made him more interesting and more complex because she knew what Tracy could do .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even invited another restaurant to work for her .
The Tracy Newspaper was an attempt , just as it turned out , and it turned out to be both Tracy and their employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration to the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other rebels come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
Now I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using my mentality , crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can do some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
And that &apos;s all my time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , it &apos;s done and tested , you can make a challenge .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of frustrations .
And we also created the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they agree with nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects with a Danish artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Dirt Horse . &quot; &quot; He was inspired by my weird tool kit , always asking me to do something about it , as though I was the continuity of his body : turning on light or carrying a glass of water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really struck me , and what really struck me , was the way he used a mobile phone .
He asked a question marker , and he hoped I would find a number .
So , as the answer and the gift of my box , I made &quot; &quot; Send the Telescope . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
It &apos;s exactly the way my unit uses a phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made him an golden writing machine that he could borrow his instructions to his sons and daughters around the world . Except .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and print his elbow and instruction and print the paper .
This device automatically sends out a message to a person , anyway .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box is just working with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be particularly challenging and intrigued by the ritual , like my box and likes .
The next piece is a soundscape installation that we call &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
Here &apos;s how it works : we close the gaps on the walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as things start to happen , they sort of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they smell .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And behind them we hired over 500 of these small bats .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they sort of escape from the ceiling .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to the sounds of the sounds .
Then you hear the train they &apos;re not responding to .
( Spanish ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as animals .
So everybody cheated — behavior , mental , gesture , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards we enjoy it well .
We forced them to respond to people , but we found that people along the way became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of communicating with the idea of invisible .
How could you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is the field of surveillance camera systems , we built a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their funds by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague , Soren , who is actually in this room .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was made into a camera that was invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Whoosh ! He becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking it and moving it around .
This is a very early video , and it &apos;s not solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately refined .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s turned into space , and then after monitors on each wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people would see themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , as a group would move in the room .
And here &apos;s a piece called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , as a child draws on oil or sunlight .
From the front , this object looked very strong and tough , and from the top , very weak .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they left the country , he was struggling to get up the wall .
And then eventually they got tired and they got tired .
( Laughter ) This is a piece of craftsmanship .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it &apos;s sort of bounced into a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s floating around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If there was no circumference there , and the floor would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no lawsuits or crowds .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you overfall the pain , you get a pat , and it seems like I &apos;m on the back .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the instincts of vision to run for him , to help him save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually , he sort of changes himself .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked long and hard , and actually a lot of our work to deal with mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that it would turn upside down , it would be damaged , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it would not affect the sense of inevitability , so that he wouldn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now he &apos;s getting sick , so he &apos;s starting to grow it .
But you don &apos;t really need it , because the object changes itself .
This is a work that we &apos;re particularly involved in , and we &apos;re working with the aesthetics of cold , beautiful , optical columns of different columns , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
And all of this we carried around a spatial shape of a jacket shape hidden in the palm .
Our idea was to reverse something as cold and distant and abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a torch , that feels and comes close .
The hidden idea was that after a while you spend looking at this shape like a jacket and you realize it more like a blade in space , like you &apos;re looking at it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Out of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoy looking at you , growing into a two-dimensional and eight-legged object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , keeping dynamic connections with people around you — trying to protect yourself or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your mind , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what model it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the relationships , all the industry , all the commerce , all the commerce .
And this is what happens throughout our lives .
I &apos;m sure that someday it will happen to the history books a few hundred years later , and at this point our generation will be thought as a generation , connected to the Internet , generation that created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is that online there are problems , very serious problems , security problems and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a three-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been found on personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
All right .
This is the cutting edge sector , and if you look closer , you can see here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Hello , come on . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says , 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names , the names of the Western Hemisphere .
In fact , there are still phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
This is a typical street image .
And here is the street or a street to this building , addressing 730 Nizam Backs in Allah Iqbal .
I got in the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is at Basit .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting there .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt a little intrigued by the realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also hired hundreds of times over viruses , completely unrelated to them in those years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses we &apos;ve been used to see in the 1980s , and clearly in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve leveraged a system here that allows me to put old software on the modern computer .
So now let me virtually set up a few tools . Let &apos;s bring them here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old computer , and that &apos;s when you &apos;re attacking this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Whirring sound ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you shut down , after your screen , men will walk .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected with the virus at the time when viruses were designing brains and teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teenagers .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our labor , which we follow specific instances of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I go back to our labor systems on the Internet , we can see in real time and build an idea about how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find out every day .
This is the latest virus we found called server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We get tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are crying computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these crazy computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how are these guys working on laptops ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking when they use it , or it can be cyloggers .
Cyloggers will quietly burst into your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you in your secret and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is sites where you come in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in the tickets on the Internet , you have to record your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s a fair example we found a few weeks ago in the server .
This is the number of credit card boxes , the end of power data , the security code and the name of card boxes .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have an extensive market and business economy built on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these men actually work from their surgeries , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL websites and look for the most vulnerable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his colleague who has also been successful in the INTERPOL lists for researchers , like Shaila or Jain , the U.S. citizens .
These guys did an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal justice operation where they stole millions .
They both hide .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. council accounted for the Swiss bank account for $ 14.9 million in the bank account .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that online programmers are properly self-directed , self-testing programs , testing their code , and they have feedback systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how people work — and try to avoid any protection from any tools we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also using the global quality of the Internet for their benefit .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to be coming from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when the site is trying to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They &apos;re moving from one country to another , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no way of keeping lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving somebody a free ticket to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to reach us so far can now .
So , did we go online and search for cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one of the burnt foil .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old cross-section file that has a crust .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this image failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take control of your computer and leave the code .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the front of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really pissed off .
And we can go there and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow piece of code is already out there .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see here at the bottom there , you can see an Internet address : unionseek.com / io.exes , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device that the computer will take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all the encryption , as if it were written .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I was trying to figure out what he meant .
So I proud him .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few rats in the lab , and one of them has thought that power is root , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sank Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone numbers and cars in numbers and things like that .
So I started looking for contacts in Sank Peterburg , and through long screens , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a couple of years , and he &apos;s got his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to popular Live Journal .
And on this blog he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he wrote about his cat , his girl .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy runs the Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , this is a pretty good vehicle for a 20-year-old child from St. Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Sank Peterburg , he got in the other car .
And he put photographs of that incident on his website — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see that the number is 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were a lawyer , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the cybercriminals are invaded ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercriminals in the world , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The local police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t beat them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But everything changes pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they cracked .
This is Siemens &apos; S7,400 PLC programmed by the logic of control .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their job .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be worried about .
Because everything around us is in control of these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You take any product , any product , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very much dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have some way to work , even if computers don &apos;t need to .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when things we understand don &apos;t last .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Right .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t cheat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life rescuing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t rely on cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more globally , international law enforcement groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is to find out who are responsible , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercrime world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and together with friends , we traveled from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portlando , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel the country parks and national forests , practically the longest road we could ever get .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally dismisses her face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go on , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in China &apos;s hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just kind of set me up for a couple of moments , and then she laughs , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , so the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , until all of my convictions here , I am in time , all of a sudden all of this abstract acceptance of failure flows through the window — and I can &apos;t think about anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we stand at a time with our family ; we go to choice and vote in the present time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our way through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a community , as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we fighting this right ?
One of the reasons , actually , is because of the feeling that we &apos;re missing .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally , how do you feel wrong ?
Fine . Stay down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid , it &apos;s going down , I don &apos;t love — thank you , it &apos;s very good answers , but it &apos;s answers to a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that it &apos;s wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be funny , as my sweetheart mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , always running and never feeding the bird ?
Almost every time this film was in the series , there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the trunk , which is good , it birds and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s pretty good for your leg .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cutting edge .
So , in fact , I should point out what I said right before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we insist on this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call it the false eye .
Most of the time we don &apos;t have any internal signals to let us know that because of something we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we believe this is because it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher brings back a piece of paper , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not an excuse .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A cute child , a guardian friend , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are left miserably are equal , irresponsible — and second , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I think , especially a lot of us in this room — are sustaining with this simply becoming ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysical , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon people .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong means something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel intelligent , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and joins the studio .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their jobs — get up and get her to the emergency room .
It seems like everything was fine .
She looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body repaired , because surgeons did a major surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel was talking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story was essentially that overwhelmingly likely you felt you were on the right side of everything could be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 757 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or global economic destruction .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just about perfect .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t like you ?
As it turns out , most of us humans actually explain reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we do is we usually do something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they don &apos;t .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we &apos;re more willing to share that information with them , they will shine light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it very clearly for their individual purposes .
So this is disaster .
This connection to our justice forced us to avoid mistakes when we need it all and make us act compassionately for each other .
But what makes me most glamorous and tragic is that it changes with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are in the windows , and we just look through them and we describe the opening world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The steel is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in another place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky that night and see that , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
In 1200 , until Doctor said the famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloud , it &apos;s called me , I . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something that is a terrible human loss , something that we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity .
In recent years , for several reasons , I &apos;ve covered a lot of public radio show on this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these stories were flaws .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became smart as a lawyer .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a few months later , I actually had a chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
Otherwise , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of time , we laugh at each of our series having the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I think there will be one , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories appear suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like straight edges , misleading signs and unexpected endings .
We like failure in our stories .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would hire Iraq , find a lot of weapons of mass destruction that liberate people and invite democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his lifetime until he was too old and through illness and he could lead his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never comes back .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me started , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but you know , why do we need all this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half of the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And here &apos;s how it happens .
We came up with another idea .
We tell the next story .
We have another conference .
This subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a look out of this tiny , awful space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity and the mystery of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November five , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan public and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the leader of Jewish life .
Luckily , those plans were killing the FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
Eventually , they were compromised by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , when people are connecting with each other , I realize that in life , we don &apos;t want those same things to last very long .
A few months ago , he introduced me to his army and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , all the targets got off the ground .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic , he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father and son were like .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same desire to kill my father .
These guys ended up surviving a horrible 300 pounds of spraying and releasing low-lying stockpiles , the World Trade Center in the North Pole , creating a burning , beating six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I was listening to .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
Every time I was in the classroom with a new face , I would often procrastinate .
I was raised to judge people based on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So who opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my thinking was the choices of the president in the 20s .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was a big fan of my life , and I was especially sensitive to this topic .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
I found out one day at the end of the conference that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and frankly , I felt compelled to go through a barrier that was considered most of my life to be ineffective .
The other major step towards opening was to be taken away when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens factory .
There I was showing all the beliefs and cultures , and this experience was central to cultivating my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
I had the opportunity to work in the Prometheus Park with some homosexual artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and it seems to me immoral with the good people , not the way I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes I had learned as a child with the experience and the communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; Dance this . &quot; &quot; Next , Jon Stewart invited me to be open-minded with myself about my fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the Jewish comedian made me a greater impact than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cutting of my world , and she said what I &apos;m going to hold next to my heart while I &apos;m alive .
She looked me in the eyes of an angry man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;ve struggled to disabuse people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort I needed to keep myself aware of myself .
Zak Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and potentially put myself at risk ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I had been seduced into this cruel , irolerant ideology , I had not been seduced by fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience of using counterterrorism against fanaticism .
I do this because of the sacrifices of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that they &apos;ve had in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk about these feelings of my father and I &apos;m going to counter the activities of my father .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that poverty is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s trap .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I stood in my pocket , I realized I had no arrows .
In fact , I could see them through the window at the dining room table where I left them and left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the other door and the windows , and they were all fine .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an initial cloak in Europe in the morning , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I was driving and freezing , I found a big stone , and I blew up a corridor window , I took out a stick of glass , I crushed inside , I found a piece of cardboard , and with a blade of cardboard , I threw it in my thigh to think that morning , when I got to the air gate , I could call my teacher to help me
It &apos;s going to be cheap , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a bronze tank in the middle of the night , so I figured , under the circumstances , things would look like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works for stress .
It separates the cortical artery that affects heart disease , it changes adrenaline levels and it makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only in the travel record that I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back to the air bank , and I prayed , but they had already given my place to someone else , so he pulled me back to the head of the airplane next to the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t return , on the edge of eight hours .
Well , I had time to think about it in eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started thinking , can you do anything , design systems that protect you from these bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe would be lowered .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my destiny window and how I forgot passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was written a few years ago called a counter-inquiry study .
You all know what the study is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some of them are obvious , others are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house that &apos;s easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science to understand how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important places — where there &apos;s a hillside where you can find pigs , the bats of the trees where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that &apos;s widening the taxi drivers in London .
This is the part that allows businesses to find their tickets .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smoked the smoke perfectly , and they kept finding boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re using a perfectly sophisticated brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that don &apos;t go too well , and not things that move well .
And so we miss the rocks of the machine , or the windows of the reading and the passes .
So move the area around your house — the cabin at the door , maybe the decorative tissue .
The world is a certain desk .
The desks are a specific table .
If you divide space and you try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things fail or they fail , you will find them much easier to recover .
Now these things are pretty ambiguous .
Remember , when your brain is stressed , your brain is blocking the cortex .
The cortical arousal , it challenges thinking .
So part of the preparedness for counter-inflammatory analysis is is to understand that , under stress , we &apos;re not as good as we could be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And eventually we will all end up in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about treating your loved one or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all of the solutions involved in treatment , and even financial solutions , or social solutions — but to any solution which overestimate rational facts .
So for example , you go to the doctor and she says , &quot; I just got the results from the lab and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think that high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will give you a smaller cholesterol rate , a statine . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about statins , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , maybe you even know something that &apos;s using them .
It &apos;s the numbers you need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take the drug or get the surgery or the other treatment to be treated .
You might think , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anyone else is guilty , it would be scientists like me .
We did not fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKitlin calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to maintain to the standard , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to make it happen ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that will take years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another facility , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : increasing the pain of the mushrooms and the pain of the neighborhood , decomposing the scaffold and the paper — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , not so likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get the drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people use drugs . One drug , five percent of those 300 have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get your food replaced than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to do it .
Most surgery , for men over 50 years , for prostate cancer , the number we need to survive is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries done while remaining one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , their erection disorder , their inflammation , their regular destruction , their inflammation .
And if you &apos;re following along , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it &apos;ll only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want it to be invented all of a sudden .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life with no pain , or a length that can bring a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the case scenario , but at least you will have tried to do that kind of stuff .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , you can have a burglar alarm , and then you don &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that comes out of the window at stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues showed .
So we need to train ourselves from scratch to think about things like this .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong eventually .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of doing things like reducing green , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Going back to that silly night in Monkey , when I came back after my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s depot to install a codle next to my door , with a codle in the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to confess that I still have a piece of crap that I didn &apos;t paint and a piece of crap that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union were hiding a giant object in an unlivable space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current filled in the background , two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
In ancient times , travelers like Vaska and Gama and Columbia were lucky enough to find new land .
Now we have to be happy to find space .
And this is in the future to promote our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
Sputnik , after leaving , created all the droughts .
A human being made by the moon , seen by ordinary residents , made respect and admiration that people finally put something out into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our opponents were in the field of science and technology , and that now they can pull us with a hydrogen bomb by putting Sputnik in the rocket .
And then the whole summary began .
Recently Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crashes , the story related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He was in a wheelchair .
It &apos;s a space warning .
In Congress , in a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was far more than making weapons .
For example , some of you here may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national security training exercise , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities went underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik , though , has driven amazing change .
For instance , some of you here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science of nature , and within the educational landscape , the family has grown enormously .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , creating the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very disproportionate to what Americans in general have even benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
Finally , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors for a long time at TED , Jay Walker .
I would also like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third environment is less apparent .
Is it all applied ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , balls , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to turn into wars .
These things were discovered in machine galleries in my country , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by the machine guns 20 years after the war took place .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever invented .
In the early &apos; 90s , during the Cold War , the Cold War , the collapse of Bosnia , about 30,000 people , most of whom civilians , died and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The International Criminal Law has suffered several fears for human and genocide .
The genocide isn &apos;t just about killing people .
But with their obsessions , their cultural heritage , and , eventually , the same idea that they had ever existed , laughing .
The genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance of people .
There will always be setbacks — not perfect crashes .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that neither one body should be recognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the mosquito had carried with it to the executive site , they are highly managed , analyzed , put into the desk and preserve .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like the CSI you see .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as really valuable assets in the prisoners &apos; war crimes .
The real life is sometimes asked to find out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly difficult , ineffective and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are hardened or just being sold out of our actors and our minds .
A few years ago , I decided to take photographs of every lost object in order to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I &apos;d like to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people around the world .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will survive as a permanent , intolerable and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and knowing these things makes us realize each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; copyright expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us , as close as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals are met , they will only survive inside their pockets , their bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I went through these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial I did — I photographed every month every day .
I would never have been so crazy .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide enormous pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that are going on .
Because these projects are still trying to perform , we &apos;re in the most visceral and secret fields .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Score .
The viewer kind of walks into the room , and instantly these plaques disappear on the wall .
In a few seconds , the observer sees them , seems to squeeze and stop in the gray matter .
( Laughter ) So here are the sketches of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 21st century , the elite screen and the other — about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale — the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest of all is the A4 form .
So the audience gathers in their space , and they all of a sudden come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s as though the viewer is becoming transparent to the viewer in space , and she becomes back and forth as she is , like , sensing the being or moving in a room when she and she stops her position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it may also be counterintuitive that the claws themselves are so intensely kept in line with the rules that they claim to be played by the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The audience can see a paper page applied to the remote wall , but if you zoom in and you see it &apos;s a thin sheet of paper , or a paper sheet of paper , which is held in either side by two small hands , which were pulled out of focus and attention from a small piece of medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands are trying to hold a page of paper without compromising its long period of time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability , we &apos;ve been moving very reminiscent of the instability by camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips of one after another .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through the camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video is interfering with the viewer and subjective view .
So we just took the camera off , and we threw the motion over the blade .
Here &apos;s the video .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to defeat the gesture of the bowl , as if behind this big paper page is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of compared to the amount of chicken we need to do this session , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this paper page to the opposite .
Another task is mass .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and very high as an antenna — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hands more and more and more vulnerable as the person approaches .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate term .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate maker &apos;s body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of distance with what it looks like .
And so this is a selfish funny creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; The Origin . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape made by the size of the audience , visible by the person on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at the size and the audience sort of occupies the space of my vision .
There are 996 little characters in the author .
They &apos;re taught mechanically to play by choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to spend , how powerful and how long they want to be around them or how they want to contribute to innovation .
When the audience stands in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a few claims or claims , and then no one happens until the viewer walks off the stage when the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weightlifts in the audience or it could be a very sound ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating quite complex and diverse musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to respond properly .
So there is a sense of solving and a sense of awareness and uncertainty .
It also has its own fragrance and its own fragrance .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of the visual image being shared in two hands .
This is a short animation , like two brainstorms wrap together to make sense of the spirit and the meaning .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Peace Corps .
It comes from the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of grain .
So we used the same vocabulary that we used to create a space for ourselves or a network that would live in a room and be able to watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like a mindset or a landscape in one space .
Each one of these shapes can travel and reveal , and first on the road , and hidden away from two grasslands .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characters and other rubber bands , as though the airline had physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these characters dance around as if they &apos;re obsolete and they don &apos;t have any care , as if they &apos;re restless and comfortable , until they feel the movement from view to view , and they hide behind the nearest wall .
So this project , for us , challenges ourselves .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grid network , which is kind of like prison , but also tension , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and naive and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real breakthroughs that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with the City ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the arrows of movement from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to the movement of the movement and the movement at first .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it &apos;s sticking into my thigh .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough that later on in difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything to slow down . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then I had my 90 papers , which I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal work wasn &apos;t going to work .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back , and the back — I &apos;m going to put in the highest bar , kind of a box behind the wheel .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the weird thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then from two months , there was one that died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and I still didn &apos;t have one word . The only way I could do it : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t break one , but two nights without bed — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the students &apos; town , I skipped slowly up like a movie , and I prayed before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was bad . It was very bad . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a writer Web .
I wrote the Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain , and it would damage my brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uncontrolled brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the paycheck ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it all on Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a little while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain Beach is not the one to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And in the monkey , people are just one species of animals .
You have to educate , imitate and keep birth , and all that in life would be change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Mountain doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another animal — a rational decision maker , who allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like sleeping on a nightstand or rolling down a bed , or enjoying full-time poison .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things called a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy hall in Tamil .
This is where freedom happens when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t occur .
When the leader of the Beijing nation asks a question of how the deliberate nurseries itself in the blue area , not in the kind of pleasant spot where important things happen .
It turns out that the retailer has a coal mine , which , from the top , looks at it at its hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to sit down and start work now . &quot; &quot; And the grandmother said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth , and let &apos;s take a Google Earth image and take it to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When six months went by four , then two , and after that , one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I looked at my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking out of the mind , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Big Bang — remember the Big Bang gives her a horror — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And eventually , the rational decision-makers can make steel , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unintelligent behaviors of the unicorn , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first letter , and then with a miraculous piece of paper , it does not appear all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is a dedicated system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction surprised me .
People were intrigued and wrote about how delayation affected their lives , how the monkey changed their lives .
Why do people get into such trouble ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoff .
And the long-term payoff is less aware of it , less talked about it than about funny , short-term payoff .
It &apos;s mostly lived in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not just that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term delivery has turned them into views in their own lives .
They were angry not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no payoffs .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s commonplace with terms , but remember , the monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is the window of every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look at this calendar seriously .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because everyone in life is paying attention to something .
We must not forget the Magic Carpet .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the kind of work we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a person called Capiton William Simpson , who was recently voted at the Congress House of Representatives in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a blockbuster , set the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the tree evacuation physicians on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this event .
On the screen , you can see Captain Senison bringing a colossal warrior , a light bulb .
I started thinking , where are these people from ?
What is that ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that behave this way ?
In business , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
That &apos;s why they call war .
Those better people are willing to connect to others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had a huge honor to meet some of the people we would call heroes who were willing to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said in one way , &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
It &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not structures .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the length of our lives .
So at the stage of social animals , where we lived together , we worked together , what we call the Security Council , the tribe , where we felt to be part of it .
And by feeling secure , a natural reaction emerged — trust and collaboration .
It has benefits .
It means that at night I can rise up and believe that somebody from a gentleman is safe from the danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which is sometimes trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only commandment is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone creates leaders .
And I went on a plane one day , and I became an instrumental guide : the journey was trying to get to the airplane before turning it on the numbers , and I noticed how he was working on the supply chain ; he was acting like a pushcart , like a pushcart .
He was charged with trying to get a little bit too early .
So I settled .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Listen , words .
&quot; &quot; Mom , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can come to the dance or not run any work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said she did .
Don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to spend time and force trying to defend each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it have to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to build their confidence on themselves , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we could imagine .
Charlie Kim is a CEO of Next Jump , a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody is .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by the wrong tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and so comfortable with the managers of those banks who are receiving inproportionate equations and prizes .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motor Teresa ?
Would we ? Of course not . None of us would .
The leaders are not giving in any way .
They &apos;re called numbers .
They &apos;re worth caring about people .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of the assignments .
In most of the manufacturing business , that means a lot of it , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force working .
They needed to pay 10 million dollars , so like most modern companies , the government sat down to answer the question of openness .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees &apos; hearts and minds are much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was decided to do a holiday program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave the four-week vacation .
The doctors could choose whenever they were , and not necessarily all four weeks from the line .
He said it was better for everybody to cheat a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way , he got the moral of the staff .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we don &apos;t want to follow those people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several warriors in the war zones , and as there were warriors who were accepted , the leader of the foreign officer led the last and let their people know , and when they finished eating the food they had provided by the foragers .
And when they returned to the store , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that only their people will be safe , and that their people will benefit , and in doing so , we &apos;ll get natural responses — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their shirts to make their leaders a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your shirt and your shirt on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t this an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is the key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped them work in remote , local communities .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , the lives of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
In these trips , my grandmother was calling the Kiplingo newspaper , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s hidden . Get it together .
Go find Calais .
Something missing from mountains .
Please go and wait . Come on . &quot; &quot; And the following year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has a heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with tension .
The wolves must survive inside the mother .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to end .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a cold in her heart .
That raises the contradiction and the genetic condition .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these blobs is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this condition , it seems that they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Malt was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t land on the mountain was the green velvet .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that chicken as a form of conduct for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , it can be done with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt at making the case to this major problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter is moving rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment alone , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart disease .
The skin of the high-life patient is different because the coal between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We came back to the first planning .
After many trials , using my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
For years , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with chairs , and unexpected mastery helped us make new devices .
We used this traditional hearing approach , and we created a design made out of hard materials that would record shape .
It seems right now that the audience is allowing us to create a scary device that doesn &apos;t hurt , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structure process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s turning into a commodity , it &apos;s turning into a commodity .
We have this beautiful facility that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the former patients are part of our team , a team , because of the interaction with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get power from our patients .
Their ability to recover power rapidly , and their friendship drives creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind the wheel of survival , not because of the toilet or the toilet .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child is healthy .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started out with one impossible idea , one that we &apos;ll spread out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a little town called Motten .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I left with a couple of friends &apos; walls , and we grew up in the sun .
The Sun burns brightly .
When we were growing up , my friends and I said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why isn &apos;t anyone carrying anything that you could put on the skin and you wouldn &apos;t have to waste ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; And I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread by conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called trichotomy .
It &apos;s detectable in the eye of a pneumonia when your eye is bathed , and the pneumonia that is being charged can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about this is that you have to avoid severe infections and you have to have a face : no drugs , no pollutants , no infections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I didn &apos;t do it for myself and because I didn &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust on a mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a trust on the Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 bucks — I
That looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my mobile phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone as well , by the way , I was the youngest person ever to patent my country , and — ( &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first mind-blowing border .
You put it on the skin and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I started out making a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and met several people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can put into the market , and you can feed this product and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the switches , except one cigarette every day , even though it &apos;s cheaper .
So we started moving DryBath to a little innovative change .
Go through the middle and print .
The funniest part is that one of the puppets consists of one puppetry at five .
When we created that model , we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DryBath in their cars . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that in this way you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you spend your treatment , you can also provide two hours a day for kids in rural areas — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of general , we came up with a deeper definition of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s trait , and poor man is the essential nature of life .
We tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 tickets a week , I &apos;m going to mention the way people don &apos;t grow .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google taught me through this process was Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best student in the business world , the first African to come up with this gift , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like heating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and then I returned to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and I saw several patients .
I was surprised by two things over the last month .
I asked myself , are you going to meet in spending this way , or are we not going to forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I &apos;m from , they have health issues .
It &apos;s created a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to minimize that growth .
In others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of government .
For much of the cost of health care solutions , these are the solutions that are available .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate on an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the spending of the treatment , you can reduce the output .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of got back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve patient care , and we need to do it with very limited resources .
We call that the value of health care .
On the screen , you see what we have in terms of what we call value : patient care outcomes related to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you can see my sentence filled with three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the revenue that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good numbers , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can go to Germany , which is a healthcare system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood that after treatment he will not be buried is about 50 percent , so he should start using napkins again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he &apos;d go to Hamburg , to the Martian clinic , the risk would be five percent .
So either a month or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in many different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
If you don &apos;t know anything , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s meeting and were talking about what procedures they used to do by operating a club .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal sheets of paper that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operation manager is different .
Everybody agrees that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and they agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked about two years . &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the quality of a lab surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before placing a metal pneumonia , it would last a long time , and most patients would never need a second operation .
They transmitted data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw that was significant .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , surgeons in Sweden show the best results in the world , at least for those who compare , and most of them don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , the guardians who are the best , they start the research , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we think about the effect of price , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have had the least expenditure at the same time , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a laptop surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study that was done in U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases , the U.S. quality index is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurement and weigh its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year to the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are unbelievable , but it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health , and I would say that not only could it be done , but it should be done .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care what they do , in terms of the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if anyone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have another quality .
They like acknowledgment .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist working in a different hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community , where we can observe and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me that cheating is not an exercise , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Health Consortium .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients to talk about , illness after disease , which is really qualitative , what to count and turn it into international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working over the last few years : cataracts , cold pains , medical arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only to countries in the world , but also to international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , critical outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what does it cost to patients to treat more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , so much enthusiasm .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the line stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a discussion today about what this hospital does right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not just a cost , but also the results that patients see , we can transform the personal in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical climbers , Greek Hippocrates , wherever the patient has always been the most important , clean of their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are most pressing for the success of companies , the effects that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right advice and put them in a starting company , they can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so jealous ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for companies to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain modest , to avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been working on solar panels for 12 years , when I was at primary school , I sold a sanitary pad on a bus stop , when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at who was the most effective of corporate success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the practice , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy named Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right for business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
The client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , how does a consumer pay ?
In my mind , it started to seem like it was perhaps the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world was not ready for it ?
Do you start , but do you have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 of the ideal companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , this Ideal Business , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Good To , NetZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to replicate all of these insights , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each aspect .
And then I looked at the incredible success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few worlds : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I started looking at these things that were the most successful and failure in these companies , and the results were startling me .
Part one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed some extra money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes unfamiliar .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for remote money , and it was very important .
From the beginning of our successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for critical ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually time was important .
And then some of us fail .
We started Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff on the web , you had to add some code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the coding problem came out , Adobe Flash , and when the coding on the connection is over 50 percent , in America , the same time that YouTube was presented .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , YouTube had no business model .
So to sum up , practice is really important .
Ideas are also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time on customers is , are they ready for what you have to offer them ?
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , dinner , getting into student laughter .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , uncomfortable , uncomfortable , afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the humility that I felt inside .
I walked out of the closet when things started , and I was amazed at myself , I was amazed at my chest , just like hundreds of times before , when suddenly I heard a voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s out of class . &quot;
I said there was nothing around , but common clarity and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the beginning . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , he was even , after a while , oddly friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I was sleeping a lot , because I was angry , and then the voice was confused .
After a while , the heavy conversation began , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctors .
And then I became obsessed and obsessed , so I told him about the strange commentary .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to the university area , and in one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , Dr. , I need to go .
Since that moment , I &apos;ve been imprisoned in the creation of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the awful , awful feelings of pride and humiliation for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as the experience , but as the symptom , my fear and desire to resist broke up .
And then I was basically offering aggressive care to my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices were contradictory and ominous .
Do you see that glass water ?
It involved fear , prevention , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find more targets than commitment .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had a whole wheelchair : speaking up votes , absurd visualizations , weird , unspeakable events .
Now , remembering those ugly years of humiliation seems to have died , but something has been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and nurtured by the person , but the person who passed away from it was the person who ultimately jumped into the person that I was tempted to become .
In my life , a lot of people have been traumatized by me , and I remember them all , but those memories are horrible for the people that helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to burn all the good and adult people who fought with me and who were waiting for me to go out of those sacred places and alone .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voice seemed counterintuitive and ominous , it was essential the first step — to learn how to distinguish metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I once trusted .
For instance , the voices that were burning my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it was like to be a real ballroom dancer .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
I finally got my pieces reported , each one of them had their voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be an interview , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices as a strategy of survival , a healthy response to unintelligent environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs
That society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Cheka , with social change , cannot translate them back .
You can &apos;t contemplate the person who does better .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Vice Judgment has established a channel of listening in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to create a sense of pride and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that essentially provides the road to unreliable self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being mandated by an instinctive component to treat yourself and the intellectual capacity to utilize that capacity .
In this respect , for the sake of society , there is no greater pride or privilege for the opportunity to help other peoples rescue , to be honest and to raise their hands , to share the suffering and to give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hidden within us can never be touched , hidden and remembered .
The light never goes off .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography came when I installed my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier desire for painting , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important for planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop a girl .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you pause a pencil .
Pictures like this : Road work is on the way down .
But there is an infidelity .
And nevertheless , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection in order to understand the depth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about glamour that makes this picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But ultimately , it &apos;s the way we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a part of reality where you can multiply different parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But connecting in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we raise the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and putting together pictures .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in other words , pictures just seem wrong .
So there are three simple rules that the leader should have in order to achieve the real result .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : The combined photos should be photographed in the same way .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : it &apos;s not impossible to tell where different images start and where they end up . It &apos;s got to be a single image .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually created .
So by printing colors and contrasts and lights in transcripts and images , by translating photoreceptors like glass ceiling , by installing colors and shadow , we &apos;re removing the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of sheets .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to come up with ideas .
But it doesn &apos;t require much planning .
When I came up with this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The bottom is photographed in the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put the house on the red wall to look Swiss .
So in order to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is to plan .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we added , we put together different images .
And every part here is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at creating the framework you need , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama shattered the secret sauce , the dense opening world .
Suddenly , we got rejected .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a French counselor .
There are more rich people who are concerned about the creation of new stories , about the creation of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can keep money open and don &apos;t pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow to public services , like healthcare , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are making this public decline phenomenal .
The media and political leaders care about how open-source space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the open-air world fails to understand how it works .
I think of it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , and they &apos;re in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not crash the U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
It &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer consumers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , Delaware , Yemen or Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
The privacy in America has allowed employees to expand schools , girls , investors .
That affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what openness looked like in practice .
These were just preliminary meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there were problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it takes away from the crowd .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So what you want is the experience of Panama , given us a glimpse of the openness of the openness of the United States and the world .
We , &quot; &quot; Global Witness , &quot; &quot; we see it as a sign of time for exchange .
You need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and to engage in changing the law .
Together , we can eliminate the secrets that create the conditions for prevention , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Jordan .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , has been going to have more hidden documents than the whole world is writing together .
Could it be ?
JG : Well , could it be ?
What &apos;s troubling is that the whole world &apos;s print works so simply that a group of activists are able to transmit more information from this approach than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourced protection ?
JS : You can say that these people are the classic closed information instructors , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to deliver materials online , without leaving tracks while information is being sent to countries like Sweden and Belgium , legislation and legal protection .
We get information from an electronic company , usually for itself , locked up or not , locked it up like a regular news agency , format — which is very hard to do , because language is about the overall impact of massive information and the distraction of our own laws and political populations .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know people in very rare situations , and if we find out about it at some stage , it &apos;s the kind of information we store as soon as we can .
( Rattling ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here , how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened later ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an infamous report that the Kenyan government asked for their elections in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old by Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this research , and together with one more report , they spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and it &apos;s only the richest man in Kenya .
This was a journalist in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information in front of the election — the National Election for the 28 .
We published the report three days later , when the new president of Kibaki decided to confront the man he was going to regret , Daniel Arp Moi , and so this report to President Kibaki became unacceptable .
CA : So in summary , you can say that accounting information has been leaked to Kenya not from the official media , but certainly not from the official media . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcomes of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it was clearly discussed and the printing of Kenya .
This news on TV in Kenya was broadcast 20 winters , and Kenya &apos;s data reported 10 percent of the vote and reported the victim of the vote .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short clip from Baghdad , an aerial Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fucking , if you could , everybody will return .
I see your element , four Humvees , one by one ...
I got it . All right . Great .
Tell me when you see them . Fear .
Excuse them all .
First , gosh !
( Cheers ) Wait . Wait . ( Cheers )
The button — Buzmaster D-six , Buzmaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
All right , we &apos;ve just won eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I understand . I see them .
Two-six , we speak two and six , we move .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , uh-oh . I killed them .
CA : So what was the effect of this video ?
JS : For those of you who did it , it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to continue this history .
This shows just three initial attacks that happened in this place .
CA : There were 11 people in this attack , right ? Two Reuters in the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video made a universal claim .
How do I think that was the main cause of disappointment ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people saw irregular forces .
These are people who walk in the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 40-foot cantilever , looking for wisdom to warn and kill the people who are saving the dresses .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
K. Anson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning in the United States , and it turns out he acknowledged that this video had passed you , and together there were 280,000 tapes of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take this glue .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive 150,000 kilograms of injury and 50 of them .
We &apos;re at the beginning of this year at the U.S. Embassy in Rikewall , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , in this ambassador , I was a common athlete .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have chosen them . ( K. Another : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal a true truth about , say , the Arab government , a certain violation of human rights in those countries .
And when you look at these scanned cables , this is exactly what you see .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information you can access to overmarkets .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
So that information that organizations don &apos;t have enough efforts and resources is going to go out , and that &apos;s a good brand , that &apos;s going to allow you to hope that you can achieve something good , that organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , have a lot of work to absorb that information .
That &apos;s what we saw in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole community that information exposure can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I want to say that we are considering the politics of green immunization .
There were cases where we had information that you could think of as personal — that you could identify the person .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be published , for example , health data , it &apos;s legitimate secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have to do it .
CA : You &apos;ve got to do that .
And what you would say , for instance , if a father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve missed what you wanted to find out of unintelligent motives .
It shows that the American War laughs from dying people .
It makes an impression — it &apos;s an impression that millions of people around the world have found that American wars are nonhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How do you bring ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like this a lot .
But remember , the people of Baghdad , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan , don &apos;t have to watch that video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see this every day .
But video can transform awareness and understanding of the people who learn it all , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to bring light to the black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you &apos;re secretly holding your information source in the secrets ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a WikiLeaks volunteer .
We don &apos;t have resources that would be the president in other places .
If we found these , we &apos;d be in a sad situation , but we do our work so that people could feel the moral support of our mission , not the opposite .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — what we &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience &apos;s opinion is .
Understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or greatness , the greatness , the glowing light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps him a big man ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , gentlemen . You should be .
CA : That &apos;s a reasonable leap , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the intriguing event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , of everyday activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a paper came out with several oil spills in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , not so big .
We got a report — a specific incident engineering analysis , where it was written that conservation workers from some competing oil spills challenged the building blocks .
The war was raged and part of the Albanian government .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what he was talking about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is in pursuit of its own goals .
So we put the document in the country and we said , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what to do .
That material looks interesting , that &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t just test it . And this week , we got a letter from the community that said , &quot; &quot; To find the source of the documents . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Talk specifically .
What &apos;s the actual document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to have a document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; Then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and Microsoft Word ID was shown by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches to identifying or testing the material , specifically looking for these men writing letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re in intensive slow search and technical jobs .
And so our publishing numbers have dropped in the last few months , because they &apos;re getting a lot of interest , we &apos;re now redesigning our primary systems .
Addiction rates are a problem .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very happy about our own growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that goes into the outcome that goes into the outcome , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the opportunity — or scares the need to work by journalists , or is there a lack of easy magazines ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and that is driving the way we treat our material , and we need to restructure it so that we can have people working with the highest security information on national security , and also with the other , smaller security information .
CA : So to better understand you , let me tell you how you got to that kind of action .
I read you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the second , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) K. Another : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to get sick .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) K. Another : You were a young hacker , and you were quite young in the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I had a journalism that I was following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in multiple activities .
Unfortunately , at the present time , it &apos;s mostly Russian mafia , trying to remind you of your old bank account .
So this word is not as pleasant as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your main value ?
Can we get them to register , maybe tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : That &apos;s why I couldn &apos;t respond .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So smart , wild people don &apos;t have any gold , they care ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really take care of the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crowds — it &apos;s to provide the right crimes .
This is a frog that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , along with a bank account , and then the intelligence agency was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . Who carried on ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was struggling .
In the banking sector , the GDP sector was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
Even in the last few years , we did the report .
And the national TV station was delayed for five minutes before the transmission , and as a movie , they know about friendship , and the readers said , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout that time , on television , our website was shown , and at that time in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling in society that this was never going to happen again , and the result of that was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become such an official freedom writer , with the best preserved journalists in the world , a new reward for free speech .
Iceland is a northern country , so like Norway , they can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were common in the Icelandic district .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Jordan .
When you think about the future , how do I think it &apos;s going to be — or is it going to be bigger in bigger gridlock , will it be more secret , will we observe Big Bang , or can we see the process of passing both ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a lot of pressure going on in order to harmonize the right of freedom of speech to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to predict .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the challenge of one way or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to drive one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll just leave you with the audience : Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s move forward .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day after day .
My name is Ullude .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I &apos;m in a balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , composites , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Desperate .
I took a picture , and I gave a new meaning today , talking about the questions I was facing in Russia , including people who are not models , but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he shines , and he carries a violent bone , wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them for acceptance , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars of Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angels .
He &apos;s blaming his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive woman .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture in my projects and I give it a new meaning and a new foundation .
Sometimes I compare the facial blood flow and play with the words : irony , the gay person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that make me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , girls are already ready and dreaming to wake up .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I &apos;m a girl , and I don &apos;t have hope to leave .
That &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the weapons of drought , with the helicopters in her pocket .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it in order to motivate girls to achieve goals , dreams and change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be bold and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re getting more .
So anyway , the World of Warcraft spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragmented creatures .
And in fact , the consequence is more intense social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He believes in why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh devices , we had our hands .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story , and it &apos;s going to continue .
We have a map narrative . We have skills as a local entertainment , as a knowledge network , a sustainability , a vision and a regard to the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hidden in us right now .
And that little idea is cute .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced my loved ones , which was worth milk .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I was walking into a table , I was grabbing a branch , and the right eye had to turn .
And then I began to rediscover the value of honey .
During that time , I was teaching , talking to doctors , to scientists , and here I am , to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to marry .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men &apos;s incarceration has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was feeling that the night before it was four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhat more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It turned out to be a failure .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you crazy tomorrow ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put out some tennis , I &apos;m going to meet some calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s true —
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the iceberg before it reaches the Titanic .
And our titans have already gone up too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even if the brothers of Lehman were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be abused .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be walking in and out of the closet , maybe a seal would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven or eight hours later , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face all the major world crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to engage and come up with some great ideas that inspire us , connect the goods and find the power of my mind .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination needs to be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of hunting , ages used for the same purpose .
Today , I &apos;m using it to create long-term , ambitious forms , large-scale buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering , architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their leadership was displaced .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings away , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabalipur .
The last day of the show , but my paintings were not given up .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculpture , this tool was too difficult and too fragile .
I walked out to the emergency room , and I saw cats popping their nets to talk to the beds .
I &apos;d seen this every day , but this time I looked at it incredible — a new possibility to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first enlightened sculpture was designed to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; The Little Bumblebee . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her bright surfaces stacked up with every wind , always changing her wrist .
This hypothesized me .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lebanon , and with the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that by miraculous objects they would become something that could change ...
Going back to India , we built a network with half a million hives of cotton , and the sculpture was cut down by Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed horticultural design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term design for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them durable , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly glimmer and shorter .
For two years , I was looking for plants that would support ultraviolet rainfall , drought , weather , confusion and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the lake .
So we emitted this 50,000 pounds of paper .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the wind and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was acting and moving .
I found some great airplane engineers designing the burn of burning black America names Peter Heppel .
He helped me meet the challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t build further on in the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hands in a hurricane .
So I &apos;ve been working with industrial networking companies , and I &apos;ve learned about their ability to make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could have translated that unique ancestor of basic operators to produce this .
So we had to build a flying machine ourselves .
Three years later , and — two children were born , we eliminated 50,000 sq. ft. ft . Not a net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy and undiscovered by no authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and moved .
Now it has meaning .
You went after this sculpture for the first time .
I was watching the wind exposure to choreography , and I felt like I was finding a contradiction and also finding a relationship with the heavens ...
My life hasn &apos;t been the same .
I want to create this kind of sculptural oil for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its birthplace , I felt , was needed to be much easier than the web material for sculpture .
So we experimented with smaller pieces of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this noninvasively .
I use this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , sort of like the x-rays of the urban transportation system .
Another challenge : including the hero of culture and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , which was run in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the full temperature of the West Bank and their total complexity in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific Ocean .
He &apos;d covered the tectonic plains of the earth , and he &apos;d covered the melting of the planets , and on and off , he &apos;d covered Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share information about tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means a microsecond that took down Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a mini fabric of matter 15 times more wide than the canvas .
This sculpture was already out of existence , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated networks and model them in terms of terrain .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and create sculptures that appear for climbing .
As long as they haven &apos;t got funding yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of putting sulfur in most cities around the world where they &apos;re most necessary .
14 years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create a pathetic shape of the size of buildings .
My creative horizons are expanding .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix calls me to the city .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never considered a museum of local art , cleaned up everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to stay behind this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind turbines popping up next to strangers sharing a notebook ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both hemispheres are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information characteristics are collected at the same time through all of our senses , and it creates a multiplicity of the gardens about what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I &apos;m an energy creature , and I &apos;m connected to environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
This moment we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left female — our left female — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand column in the words of thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine .
