By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people active on social media .
The only thing that all those people are going to notice is that they &apos;re all going to die .
Although this may be a rather simple thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of late , online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would come right after he died .
This is what he wrote as a theater .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here it is . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally turned off the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would turn on this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archive . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written more carefully and more carefully coordinated than most people , but in fact , we
Think about statistics for a moment .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million blobs are sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different content parts every month .
So when you think of your parents or your grandparents , the best thing they could do is take a few pictures and images of their homes , or the grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that will live in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after you &apos;ve left .
And I think this will create some incredibly intriguing possibilities for technology .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a story about what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few of the services that are created for us so that we can decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media report after we die .
One of them , actually , quite happily , found me after I got myself registered at a Foursquare restaurant in New York City .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Oh .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call ?
Death : go to ifidi.e. , not yet .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared am I ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The other one is called 1,000 Remembrance .
And what it allows you to do is to create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , videos and stories that they can release after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of film in the house .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s entire life &apos;s content is possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating on so many scales .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital identity can continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , because of the amount of content that we create and technology can do it meaningfully on content .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another assignment called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say on your next assignment .
Well now , as you can see , the outcomes can be very serious .
But you can imagine how something like this will go after 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Fast-forward , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on manipulating robots that collaborate more than people .
But what if these robots could cooperate by a unique characteristic of a human being , by the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human being created in his lifetime ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast live on Wwill.M. — hip hop a holographic video to his studio in a special interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same kind of empowerment to transmit our loved ones to our websites — to communicate very similarly to our lives , to all the content created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we use and the possibility of technology to understand them and to extend them exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what it means for the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career of breakfast — I call them restarters .
These are people who have made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue personal interest or personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , pensioners , returned to work , or returned to the parents of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and rebels .
Working together showing people the spring of their lives as a big risk , and the people who make a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
That &apos;s the issue of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
A successful reporter is everywhere in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist at U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career break , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Office , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest crossing I &apos;ve ever known in my career .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O didn &apos;t work for five years in the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy rejected the invitation of Today Show , given to the people who tried to return to the present , but struggled .
Tracy said that there were five kids &apos; mother who liked being in the house , but after she got discharged , she actually wanted to get back to work , because she believed she was going to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel that we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for funding , she was looking for a bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online , and she was running for jobs without any overall results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if anything could change .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public and look for a job and tell everyone they knew that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You have lots of conversations that will never happen .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just a sunny one who &apos;s finally at work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to get back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
People &apos;s views of you have stopped time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , people you work with or you learn with , they remember you as you were before the career break .
And even though our sense of self over time has shrunk what happens to most of us , as we continue to be separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great encouragement of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get the business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to revisit the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was going on in the business world .
I believe that reformers are the empowerment of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have fewer mutual or mutual transactions .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our own way to work .
Beyond that , we have the energy , and the reason we want to go back to work is because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have to confront .
First of all , the workers are really excited about restarters being dismissed by technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed ; that &apos;s just a state of existence .
I &apos;d been doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the reporter , that the workers expect them to come to work with their basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they fall .
The second thing that workers don &apos;t care about is they don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I tell the reporter that they need to work very well , and to find out whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a reaster responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to notice something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a collaborative reintegrating program .
I saw the return engineer , the missioned reintegration candidate , running the initial high-level storage program in the war , and then came a long way .
I &apos;ve seen two universities that are integrating into the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and this is from a paper in the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Court . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old marriage conspirator between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services companies have a reintegrated curriculum for returning financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people participating .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go into permanent positions get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate reintegration programs to return to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Progress .
Why are companies choosing to reintegrate ?
Because instantaneous , it allows employees to find real examples of work , rather than having sex , and employees don &apos;t have to make a permanent decision until the event is over .
This testing period removes the likely risks that the leaders take when they nominate the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for change in career .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans &apos; return to work was their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be no pension programs .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the familiar people that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time of work .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would work for something else , but couldn &apos;t make a difference .
It was April 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent positioning , she decided to try this amazement and hope for the best .
Well , she posted all their purposes , and the company not only offered her persistent work in the early 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Tracy &apos;s work was an attempt , just like a surprise , and it ended up on the front both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the cluster into more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t suggest to a stockbroken , stockbroken guy who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Tell the first story of their success , and you can become an example of coming to other reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I &apos;m now working in the solar industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to take a serious look at the environment .
using crowd-sourcing .
So this is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
It can take some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the senior .
The answer is yes .
Then , if you do that , if you do it with respect , you can make a conclusion .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be clear , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of ownership .
And we also found the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they open up , nothing join ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a dance artist named Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object I &apos;ve ever called &quot; &quot; Sit Pong . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by the weird technique of my lap that always asked me to do something for it , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light , or bring it in glass water , a glass of cigarettes .
As I grew up with this idea of intelligence , I began to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the unit was a good person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He would lift his arm and expect me to have a number for him .
So , like the answer and the gift of my hand , I made a &quot; &quot; Dear phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people .
Just like my unit uses a single person &apos;s phone .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made a gold writing machine that he could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world at the same time .
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a dish , print out his email and instruction and pull out the paper .
This device automatically sends a message to a person , also .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my unit only works with a mechanical connection .
And , of course , the object had to be particularly calling and obscured by the ritual lobe , like my shoes and my pleasures .
The next piece is a soundtrack installation , which we call &quot; &quot; The Guys . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : we put walls on top of walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they kind of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heels .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we put these tiles on the three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small subjects behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes silent , they kind of get out of the box .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become defenseless to the sounds of rotting them .
They also don &apos;t respond to sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So each cheap — self-behavior , mental , mood , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
And of course , afterwards , he did a good job .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Dead Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility to break the idea of invisible .
How could it be that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a clip that was filmed with a camera that made it invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking it and removing it .
This is a very early video that &apos;s still not resolved , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that &apos;s bounced into space , and then after a monitor on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the simulator , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a child &apos;s drawing of oil or a solar cooking .
From the far end , this object looked very strong and robust , and in between it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to it thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was barely able to climb up the wall .
While eventually they got tired and confused .
( Laughter ) This work has been translated into a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , it &apos;s filled with hard thoughts that it kind of rolled into a stick , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It wraps around on its head like a headache , very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If there was no circle there , and the floor would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no boats or flies .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People enter the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re in a hurry , you get a threshold , and it looks like I &apos;m on fire .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional wish to run for it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because at the end of the day , he &apos;s going to change himself again .
This work was really a technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , like most of our work , to combine the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that it would turn upside down , it would be damaged , but if it didn &apos;t turn upside down enough — there would be no inevitability , so you wouldn &apos;t want to help him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip where we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so he &apos;s running out of trouble .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object changes itself .
This is a work that &apos;s particularly intrigued by us , and we &apos;ve been working with the aesthetics of a column , with a lot of different jewelry displays , looking like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this , we developed a shape of the sphere of a puddle folded in the background .
Our idea was to reverse something as cold , as distant and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a pendulum , so close and intimate .
Now , the idea behind that was that after a while you were longing to look at this shape as a butterfly , and you realize it more like a gap in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still developed , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room that , as you try to approach yourself , enjoys you when you grow up into a two-dimensional , eight-legged object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with the people around you — sort of trying to save the mystery or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if it &apos;s only in our minds that there is some creative process that seems to be an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what model it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that you use , connection , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this is happening throughout our lives .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to go into the history books a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , the truth is , online , there are problems , very serious problems , there are problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my entire career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk infected by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus ever discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the code itself .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector . And if you look closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the hell . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it says 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for the alternative source .
Actually , there &apos;s still a number as well as the Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some images I took while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was caught .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or a street to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Blair in Alem Iqbal .
I knocked on the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting there .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I was so excited about understanding that both the Basites and Amjad computers were also infected hundreds of times over , completely unconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s and the 1990s , of course , are no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;m leaving a system here that allows me to leave an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually build some devices . Here we go .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is about a hundred , and that &apos;s what happens when you infect this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you one with sound .
( Honk sound ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you hit , a guy will walk behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at times when the viruses created the brain and the teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brain and the teenagers .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our labor for example , which we follow in the viral world .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our data system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s grouped like — let &apos;s go to GastBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Mask , where these guys are getting infected with computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell them — somebody else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the three bankers who make money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly lay down in your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to criminals .
Every single one of your letters is preserved and sent to prisoners .
The same is true for every single one of your blinders and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions where you get in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy an Internet store , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example of failure that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and buy that information as soon as you drive .
And that obviously is a problem .
We now have a vast underground market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these men actually work out of their surgeries , and let &apos;s go and look at the pages of INTERPOL and look for the finest individuals .
We will find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his crime partner , who has also been successful in the INTERPOL search lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hidden .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. officers announced the Swiss bank account , based on Dr. Jain and that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are setting up programs , sampling tests , testing their code , and they have relative systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also utilizing global products on the Internet .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go out and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows how one Kenyan family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when it &apos;s only trying to do a website .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who could not reach us now can .
So , are we online seeking cybercriminals ?
How do you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one flap .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-figure failure in which the envelope is being cracked .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting — and this is the actual program for the launch of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was inspired by the XOR function of 97 .
You just need to trust me , he was really encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually evaporate it .
Well , the yellow piece of code is now decoded .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look different than the organ .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom there , you &apos;ll be able to see an Internet address : onononononononononononscre.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device that the program will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is here , under all description , like any letter .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at it , and I tried to figure out what it meant .
So I made a mistake of it .
No video , no video .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the labor , and one of them thinks that the head is a race like Russia .
And 78 is the city code for Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone number and number of cars and things like that .
So I started looking for the connections of Sank Peterburg , and through the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s a Russian man who &apos;s been on the Internet for a few years , and he &apos;s got his private page , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular distribution of Live Journal .
And on this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and more than 400 pounds of wire .
Well , it &apos;s quite beautiful for a two-year-old child from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually made it to the airport .
Sank Peterburg in the center , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s it . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online crashes are hit ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
Most of the cybercrime cases , we don &apos;t even know where the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot tame them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they infected this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for logical management .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invades one , there &apos;s a huge revolution going on about what kind of risk we should worry about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed , there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We have to have a way to work even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about continuity , replicating cards , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life securing the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to look for online harassment groups — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s more important than anti-viral programs and fire supplies .
What &apos;s really important is that we need to find those people behind the attacks , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cybercrime world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend of mine and I were on our way from Providencia , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel the highways through national parks and national forest — almost the longest way we &apos;ve ever been able to make .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs mean that I still see on the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally misses her facial simulation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; And she just starts to look at me for a few moments , and then she starts laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs are in the wrong place . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why do we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how do we behave when that happens , and what can we say about the nature of a human being ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is false — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my credentials here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this grandeur of failure is wiped out through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that makes me wrong .
The real thing is that the real time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we spend time having meetings with the family ; we go to the elections and we vote for the day .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only greatest moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we get caught .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . OK , perfect , good .
Far from down , I don &apos;t love — thank you , those are very good answers , but those are answers to a different question .
You , people , have answered the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that falling can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be confusing , it can be confusing , in fact , it can be funny , as my stupid mistake is because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it doesn &apos;t feel anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was a hopeless socket , always running and never catching the bird ?
In almost every shot in this movie , there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird hits the butt , and it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the need for legs to come after him from the trunk .
And what &apos;s funny — at least , if you &apos;re six years old — is that the leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — to the very moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we get something wrong — not when we get it right , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he leaves the gate , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So in fact , I have to address what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call it false blindness .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we find ourselves in this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Should you mind for a moment in elementary school ?
You &apos;re sitting there in a classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the pages of the test , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got that letter .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who are doing the right thing are harmful , irresponsible , bureaucratic — and second , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect a lot of us in this room — are confronted with it simply by becoming idealistic , tiny , perfect , maximized .
Right , the CEO of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon people .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we &apos;re terribly afraid of the possibility that we &apos;ve done something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means doing something wrong with us .
So we just think we &apos;re right , very carefully , because we feel smart , responsible , willful and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is the Harvard Medical School , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s invited to the operating room .
She &apos;s impaired , and the surgeons do their work — they get up and they take her to the emergency room .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeons did a serious surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of the Health Media Collaboratory talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So these stories are the essence of having too much faith that you can feel at the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop analyzing the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like putting 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or destructing the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about perfectly revealing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all the people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans explain reality in a similar way — some bad assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them more generally , they will come out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it purely because of personal anguish goals .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This sense of entitlement to our rights keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and make us act compassionately with each other .
But the thing that &apos;s most striking to me , and the most tragic thing , is that it goes on with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are the windows that are revealed , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if it were , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The stick is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky that night and see that , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
1,200 years before Ductor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Klust , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not some kind of terrible human loss , something that we can eliminate or disappear .
That &apos;s the essence of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
This mania , I think , is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
Last year , for several reasons , I closed myself to listening to a lot of public radio show &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the most mind-blowing mistake .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this guide , Ira Glass .
And I remembered it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , really , it &apos;s true .
By the way , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that mysterious theme is , &quot; &quot; I think one will happen , and something else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make sure these stories appear . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
Our stories love to fail .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a lot of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hoshe Mubarak thought he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life , until he was too old and he could be transported by his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might have thought that you &apos;re going to grow up and leave high school loved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but , you know , why do we need all these innovation and development ?
Because half the things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , didn &apos;t it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Let &apos;s tell another story .
We meet another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a wonderful new discovery .
And for me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to look out from this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you people . ( Applause )
In 1990 , a man called El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan hotel and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the leader of Jewish life .
Luckily , those plans were killing the FTB informant .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the center of the global trade .
Nosair was finally destroyed by criminality .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people are connecting with each other , that we don &apos;t want the same things in our lives .
A few months ago , he gave me a speech , and he explained to me that the last few weeks he and his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice breastfeeding .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last downhill stretched into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and particularly to me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father , that son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that I had the same will to kill my father .
These people ended up being slaughtered out of a 4,000-pound jump , and shipping off at a lower level of station , the World Trade Center in the North Pole , which produced a bomb , killed six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I grew up with .
People I call ammunition , which is the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I used to follow my experiences .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was the choices of the president in the 2000s .
My group was focused on the death of my youth because I was the vulture of a great part of my life , and it was a very sensitive subject .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the conventions , I found out that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I had no friends &apos; Jewish , and honestly , I felt embarrassed that I could walk through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The next major step in translation was really excited when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens factory .
And there I was showing all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and this experience was central to educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a negative impact .
I was given the opportunity to work on shows with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for other suffering , and it seems to me immoral with good people not the way I want them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my experience and with my life .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
The other thing was &quot; &quot; The Day Change . &quot; &quot; The next thing Jon Stewart challenged me to be transparent about my own fanaticism and made me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I desperately needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that the comedian &apos;s Jewish comedian has made me a bigger impact than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the reading of my worldview , and she said what I would hold next to my heart when I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort it took to keep the unknown in myself .
Zak Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use violence , once I heard my story , and I realized that there was a better way , that although I had been immersed in this cruel , unorthodox ideology , I had not been obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terror , against infantry .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss of terror in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these feelless acts , and I &apos;m going to disengage my father &apos;s action .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pocket , I realized I had no arms .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nights , because I had an early cross in the morning in Europe , and I needed my buddy and my suitcase .
As I got closer and closer , I found a big rock , and I cut a corridor window , and I cut glass ceiling , and I covered inside , and I found a bunch of cardboard , and I covered it with my stone , and I thought that morning , when I went up to the air hall , I could call my teacher to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I thought , by the circumstances , things would look like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cortisol , which promotes heart failure , which changes adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they had already given my place to someone else , so I got caught up in the plane &apos;s head by the toilet , into a seat that doesn &apos;t recover , in the course of eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , set up systems that protect you against such bad things ?
Or if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe would be reduced .
So I started thinking about this , but the ideas didn &apos;t work until about a month or so .
I was visiting with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and as soon as I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is the psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was described a few years ago , and it &apos;s called the ongoing study of disaster .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When a team of experts fails , they come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that we can think of as a current study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
I &apos;m going to start with some simple ones .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does apply to a lot of science to how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , there &apos;s a flock of trees that live in friendly and opposite sides .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the race car in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winds to find their own curves .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled the smell exactly right , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis to find things in the machinery of the brain .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not things that are moving too well .
And so we lose sight of the machine , or the windows of the reading and the backs .
So take your place inside your clothes — the cabin at your door , maybe a decorative spiral .
For the world , there are certain desks .
The desks are the perfect table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then later , send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things are successful or threatened , you will find them much easier to recover .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember when the brain is stressed , the brain is distinguishing the cartoon .
The Korean is sick , it makes it hard to think .
So part of the unprepared analysis of our recent failure is to realize that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and so we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday we will all be in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about how to treat our loved ones or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions that are involved in treatment , and even financial decisions or social decisions — any decision that &apos;s going to address rational facts .
So you go to your doctor and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab results and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your buildings . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most commonly distributed drugs in the world today , and you may even know somebody who uses them .
That &apos;s the number we need to keep .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or receive an operation or another treatment to be treated .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medical practice works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if it &apos;s a guest , it &apos;s a scientist like me .
We haven &apos;t fully figured out all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKlin estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave to the building are mostly what would it be ?
How many people need to use it to get one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that takes years for them to take their own heart disease , insulin , or whatever .
You might be thinking , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another author , and this is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And there &apos;s frightening things among them : the next pain of muscle and neck pain , the development of neck and neck — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take the drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , you can &apos;t really think straight about stress .
300 people use a drug . One drug works , five percent of those 300 have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely that a drug will change you than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take the risk , or not .
Now you might think I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually a fairly typical number .
Most surgeries , for men over 50 years , are state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art , state-of-the-art surgery .
Yes , there are 49 surgeries being done while we remain one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of patients .
Between their impotence , their erection crashes , their lack of secrecy , their regular destruction , their hidden away .
And if you &apos;re lucky , and you &apos;re one of those people who represents that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to move forward .
You really don &apos;t want to think about it immediately .
And you have to remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can produce a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the hot spike of an event , but at least you will have tried this approach .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system , or a liver system , or an immune system , because if the body of these things colors its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it &apos;s not necessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s being pushed through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and my colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think what &apos;s important here is that we need to recognize that we &apos;re all wrong .
We will all be wrong someday .
The point is to think early on how unfortunate it is that we have ways to do things like reduce green or reduce the road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montana , when I returned from my trip , I described to the master to set a coding board next to my door , with a click of the front doors , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a chunk of posture that I didn &apos;t paint , and a chunk of emails that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not totally confused , but I &apos;m seeing this shift as a taxi process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the United States hired a large object in an unlivable space .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warm space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same background , there &apos;s a silver bullet installed inside — two radio waves .
In October of 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then design a new planet called Sputnik .
In ancient times , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbus had the pleasure of finding new lands .
We now have the happiness to discover space .
And this is going to affect other people &apos;s joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the release , Sputnik made all the fuss .
A human being made by the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a commitment and a commitment that people finally put something into space .
But after three days of calling &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the proof that our enemies in the field of science and technology , and that they can now fill us with a water bomb using Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest American violations , and it was related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the discoveries of rockets .
He saw a gun .
It &apos;s a competition for space warming .
In Congress , a single year of funding has gone up rapidly , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than weapons manufacturing .
For instance , some of you may remember that day of January 1958 , the Civil Rights Movement exercised , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
But Sputnik has also made remarkable changes .
For example , a few of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and in education , the curriculum has exploded .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the seemingly irresistible situation to something that even U.S. generally benefited .
Sputnik will be released very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d also like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , working at the very first TED .
The third condition is less visible .
Is it all applied ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : seats , ladies , lights , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They &apos;ve been told most of the time that they will be shifted to war .
These things were discovered in the mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we were speaking , experts reinvented bodies , new mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest coffeehouse ever discovered .
In the wake of the Cold War , the heavy drought of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The International Communication Rights Act respected a number of fears for human and genocide attacks .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their ownership , their cultural heritage , and , in the end , the very idea that they had ever existed , was destroyed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring people &apos;s identity .
There will always be cases — no perfect cases .
There will always be cases of dead people that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they find things that the carriers carry with them to the execution , they &apos;re carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed into white plastic bags just like you see CSI .
These things are used as a tool for the ears to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable tool in the violent offices of war .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out why these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are destroyed or just removed by our actor and our thoughts .
So a few years ago , I decided to take a picture of every single object that I wanted to create a visual archive that could easily look at survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people where there is more .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , intolerable and accurate reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and knowing these objects guarantee that we &apos;ll understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the right-wing expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , all the individuals will be recognized , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was interviewing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I set out to photograph every month .
I would never have been so wasted .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of joy .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the projects that we &apos;ve been doing .
Because we &apos;re still trying to implement these projects , we &apos;re mostly working on intuition and secrecy .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called the Gift Color .
It &apos;s like the audience is walking into the room , and instantly , these posters are immediately hanging on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer &apos;s observation of them looks like they &apos;re sticking together and they &apos;re stopping into a gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s a sketch of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other one is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Composition of the Milky Way .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale , the biggest board is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest form is A4 .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s as if the viewer is opening up the viewer into the space , they will become spontaneous and self-conscious as they are , like , feeling the state or movement in the room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite , that the boxes themselves are so tightly placed by the rules that they , sort of , apply the piece of the instrument to the viewer .
This brings me to a more quiet , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a piece of paper applied to a remote wall , but you can approach it , or you can see it &apos;s a blank sheet of paper , or a piece of paper , which is made out of two small arms , and it has a lot of attention and attention from a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that all of this sculpture moves in a very unusual way , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper with no interference of time , and they can &apos;t .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips after one .
One is through a running camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can immediately see how instant video is interfering with the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and placed the motion on the ceiling .
Here &apos;s a video .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to simplify the gesture of the puppet as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a little man with his real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the number of breasts you have to do this series , and very delicately presenting this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very high like a antena — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So , as the viewer walks by , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer as the person approaches .
This is the first trial scene .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use the whole thing in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get the person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate body of the massage .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like coming out of a factory , like a vacuum tube or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of distance with what it looks like .
And so for us , it &apos;s a selfish being that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need us to pay attention to , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; Breaking . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made by the size of the auditorium by the person on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this big , and the audience sort of takes over my whole field of view .
There are 996 little figures in the auditorium .
They are taught mechanically to spread by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spread , how much strength and how long they want to be run around them or affected by others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , they get an answer .
It can be a few clicks or clicks , and then no one &apos;s going to happen until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience is reacting again .
It could be anything from a few weak applause from the audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has a piece of music as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and diverse , musical structure or audio , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to respond appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of empowerment and a sense of urgency and uncertainty .
It also has traces of attraction and substance .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of the head of the image sharing in two hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , like two brainstorms connect to each other to discover the meaning of doubt and attitude .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t know when we &apos;re going to get the 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Tower .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and you can see it &apos;s made out of three different bits of wood .
So we used the same words in the window to create a pattern or a network that appears in a room and can be seen from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures living in this network .
It &apos;s also made up of three different sizes , like you would have a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first on the road , and hidden behind two grams .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters the musical and the moving grass , as if the slow passenger had physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re mad and don &apos;t care , as if they &apos;re annoyed and contented , as long as they &apos;re feeling the movement from view to hidden behind the nearest wall .
So this project is sort of the opposite of itself .
These pictures are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of prison , but also in the real world , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and unworried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these true life-forms that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with Curicho ETH to create the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the head and the movement back and forth .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it bounces off my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little bit slower , in the first week , you do enough that later on in harder days , you expect everything to be gone . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that this kind of work didn &apos;t work for my normal work .
It &apos;s a big project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start relaxing , and then I &apos;m going to increase the circles , and then at the end — I &apos;m going to connect the highest amount , like a paddle underneath the staircase .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
It &apos;s very special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strange thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t remember starting .
And then two months later , there was one that survived for two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and I still didn &apos;t have one word . The only way I could have done it is I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , stroke one , not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through a city of students , slowly assimilated like a movie , and I pushed myself before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of the story .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a blogger .
I write a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRT scan that would scan my brain , and indeed an MRI scan , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here we go ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the attendant ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do that , while this is what happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the monkey &apos;s plan is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this will take a little while , so there will be no place in the workplace for any serious work .
The great apple of Malone is not the one that has to solve everything .
She lives only now .
It doesn &apos;t remember what it was , it doesn &apos;t know what it was , and it only cares about two things : it &apos;s fun and it &apos;s simple .
In the animal world , it works really well .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just another species of animals .
You &apos;ve got to simulate , simulate and keep a baby , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Social Program — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a shared picture .
And he wants us to do what &apos;s best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like breaking on a nightclub or rolling into a bed , or enjoying forced poison .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that kind of pleasant things with a shared image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Ages benchmark .
This is a freedom behavior where you don &apos;t have to go .
When Everybody leads the monkey , the question is , how do the caregivers generally end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of cool place where important things happen ?
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal mining , which , from the top , looks at it at the hardest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to a TED Talk in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; Absolutely , I agree , but let &apos;s get a Google Earth image , and we &apos;ll bring India down to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel better about India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So that &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When it turned four for six months , then two , and then one , the TED people decided to give the speakers .
I opened the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster is starting to go completely crazy , and after a few seconds , the whole system is screwed up . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , Panic Monster is touching her — poof , she &apos;s missing !
And finally , the rational decision-maker can take a steak , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all kinds of crazy procrastinator behavior , like something like me can &apos;t write a first sentence for two weeks , and then with a miracle in the workshop he does not sleep all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is an accounting system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction struck me .
People got frustrated and wrote about how procrastination affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people get into such trouble ?
Turns out , there are two kinds of payoff .
And that long-term focus is less visible , less speaking of it than speaking of funny , short-term procrastination .
It &apos;s mostly silent and alone .
It can produce a lot of long-term dissatisfaction and refrigeration .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such trouble .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re rapidly progressing to a particular project .
This long-term procrastination made them into their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they had achieved their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no non-readers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re normal with terms , but remember : The monkey is slow when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t very many of them , especially given that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to take a very serious look at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re actually doing , because every single one of our lives is doing something .
We should not forget the Magna Carta .
This is the work of all of us .
And because windows are not that much , that &apos;s the kind of work that we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this man , Capiton William Senison , who was recently voted for the Congress memorial for his cause in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , paved the way for medical evacuation rates .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the tree &apos;s evacuation physicians on the country had a GoPro camera on their hands and recorded this case .
You can see Capiton Senison bringing together a destroyed wars into his neck .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s an enduring love , and I want to know why there are no people around me that do this ?
On the vertical axis , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they were just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are willing to communicate .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting a few people that we would call heroes , who were chosen to give risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
This is very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s resource weather , or perhaps a tiger weather , all these forces act to reduce our lifespan .
So we advocate for social animals , we live together , we work together , what we call a safety net , in a field where we feel like we share .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has benefits .
That means that at night , I can rise up and expect somebody from a temple to be safe from the danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or step out of the business , but the small attempts at least try to get your plan going and get out of your business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only change is the atmosphere in the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership matters , because the tone that leads .
I was on an airplane one day , and I became an instrumental guide : the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it down by number , and I was watching him work on his utility call behavior with him as a guide dog , as a guide .
He was scared to try slightly too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you treat us as human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , a word .
&quot; &quot; Sir , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or not follow the job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said it .
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to talk to the Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are difficult , we are forced to consider time and force in order to survive one another , and that fundamentally weakens our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it take to become like that ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , enhance their self-confidence , the ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , which is a tech firm in New York City , so this person tells you that when you have trouble in a family , are you considering the opportunity to take one of your children away ?
Nobody is doing that .
So why do we invite people who work in our companies ?
Once you go to Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released because of the wrong things .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and so comfortable with the managers of the bank who receive incomplete rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not about numbers .
The point is that they underwent the most important principle of leadership .
They brought in aggressive social cohesion rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the 500 million dollars prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa Prize ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not , none of us will fight it .
Different leaders don &apos;t give in any way .
It &apos;s their name .
They &apos;ll rank the number of victims per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the night she lost 30 percent of all his sentences .
In most manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t sustain the workforce .
They had to save 10 million dollars , and like most companies today , the government had to ask for a question of free .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob believes not in the number of workers .
It &apos;s worker &apos;s hearts , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce the heart rate .
They decided to do a holiday program .
All the workers , from the secretary to the chief , were asked to leave the four weeks of unprepared leave .
They could have chosen any time , not necessarily all four weeks in a row .
He said that he was better at swimming for everyone in a little bit than anyone to eat drinks clearly , and in this way he stole the worker &apos;s morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re the government , and we &apos;re doing what they regret , because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not following those people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about a couple of warriors who were out in the war zones , and how the warriors were accepted , the manager of the officer was eating the last and letting the first manner eat their own people , and they &apos;re going to end up eating the food that the foragers had stopped eating .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to try and figure it out , because that &apos;s what &apos;s happening .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their own growth to keep people safe , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get a natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their blankets and their skirts to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your clothes and your shirt on that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Is it not an organization that we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limits .
Part of my education was about how I helped her work in remote , local , native communities .
I love those moments because they helped me understand life beyond the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and so on .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained the following email : &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s hidden . Find it .
Go look for Kalenjin .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountain .
Get ready and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; And the following year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world has a heart disease .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problem I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with immortality .
The rabbits have to live inside their mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the swine blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see in the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , it looks like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only cure for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Mato sat in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the rain was a green drop .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that glass as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
The race is wrapped up in time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt at creating this huge problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I come back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After successful treatment with one of us , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than a mile high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the top of the patient is different because the coal in between the arteries is larger .
Most patients cannot be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
The research began again .
We went back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with help from my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Over the years , local women used to tell the stories of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery to help us build a new facility .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we built a design that was made out of a very strong material that recorded shape .
It seems that right now , the audience is enabling us to create a tiny device that doesn &apos;t hurt because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through a hole .
Our device reveals itself , and it stays in the right place and makes a hole .
We have this beautiful system of law that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
No open surgery needed .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they can .
Here &apos;s the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , this procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the former patients are part of our team , the team , because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions have to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
Cell isn &apos;t easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to acquire power and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for money or access .
So we have to start with a single model .
We bring one device to make sure that every child is healed .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that was impossible , and we will spread it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Mammoth .
Water and electricity were just as unpredictable as air , and growing up in these difficult conditions , when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the winter and we grew up in the sun .
The sun beats up very well in the winter .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is poisoning anything you can put on your skin and you don &apos;t have to wash ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought one . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread by conditions like this , and the core of those diseases is called trichotomy .
Trained by this infection in the eye of a mouse when the eye is contagious , some of the infections that are lost can totally reverse .
This disease affects eight million people with blindness every year , and the shocking truth about it is that preventing trachea infections requires moving faces : no drugs , no pill , no injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop than the trustworthy Internet , which is just as much as I used in a 20-story coffee shop —
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , on both sides , I was the youngest man who received the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I found nothing more to add — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , and I found DryBath , the world &apos;s first mind-@@
You climb onto the skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I tried to build a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had a practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in markets , and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma does not buy all the replacement cycles , and they get one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started switching DryBath on a small innovation .
Walk past half and print .
The cool part is that one transformation brings up one five-charge savings .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even wealthy parents actually want to use DriBath in their offspring . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million gallons of water every time you take a bath , you can save two hours a day for kids from villages — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours a day to feed a normal kid .
When we saw this global benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for poor people , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience in Limpopo , with 50 pounds a week , to figure out how to keep people from cheating .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that Google taught me through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also chosen to be the world &apos;s greatest business student , the first African to win this approval , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like to hurt . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on vacation , and then I returned to the medical school that I attended .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a leadership consultant , I saw a white coat and I saw several patients .
During that one month , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , would you put this together in a cost-effective way , or will we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have health care problems .
It creates a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that amount of growth .
Other drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of governments .
There are many cost-effective health solutions available to them .
You take an expensive laboratory test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by lowering the freedom of the doctors &apos; costs , you can reduce costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have the full freedom to choose what they thought was the best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my older colleagues are moderate .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of got back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s performance , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it the health care costs .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we have in terms of &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of treating patients in relation to the money we spend .
It was written nicely in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you can see my fame covered by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to pay a lot more attention to the quality , and one of the things that really fascinated us most about this research was the cover that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good rates , but the bad numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
When he lives in Europe , he can drive to Germany , making a healthcare system .
If he went to an average hospital here , the likelihood that after treatment he would be missing at about 50 percent , then he should be reusing the pill .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of monetary or you &apos;re at risk of one of your twins .
It &apos;s a huge — seven times it &apos;s a difference .
Looking at many different kinds of diseases , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you or I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons that met in a year &apos;s meeting and talked about what procedures they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everybody argues that &quot; &quot; my way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t , and they agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we know , and we can learn best . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the quality of a club surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal strip , it actually serves a lot longer , and most patients never need another surgery .
They donated data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been collecting data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best thing that &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
So therapists come together , they figure out what &apos;s the best , they start to investigate , they share data , they find the best and they learn from it .
It &apos;s permanent improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only part of the joy .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you think about the price performance , and if you look at the price performance , it turns out that those who have achieved the quality have also experienced the least expenses , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s take a look again at the history of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was done in relation to the United States and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years following their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when you find data in countries .
Most diseases in the United States have smaller than average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality of quality and improving its quality until the middle of OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year for people in the United States .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
Now , you might say that these numbers are incredible , but it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care systems are doctors and sisters .
The only thing that they have in common is that they care about what they do , in terms of their patient quality .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to recognize other people .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at work in another hospital and they discuss why that other hospital could achieve much better outcomes , they would share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of continuous improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a global community , in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s a bruise , but it &apos;s not a bruise , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Consortium on Health Medical Development Goals .
We bring in one area the best doctors and patients to talk about , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we need to calculate and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in the last few years : Cataracts , cold pain , polio eradication , like heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show each other this piece of paper .
This is the first time that we compare data not only to countries inside , but also international space .
Over the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 diseases later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the infectious disease .
Comparing these two things . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my CEO to immediately achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing child survival .
We asked , how can we measure the quality of the day ?
Can we do better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about the cost of patients , or can we treat patients more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
There are so many ideas and so many passion .
At the end of the meeting , the top of the chart stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand at the beginning — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; The value of a health care system is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the patient &apos;s character into hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that the advocate of modern medicine , the Great Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , to smile their grass .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that I &apos;ve found that most drive the success of companies , how much business actually matters to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and you put them in an initial company , you can unlock the potential of people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
Here &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a methodological approach , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the wrong beliefs that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been building businesses since I was 12 years old , when I sold a sanitary pad in a bus stop when I was in high school doing solar power plants when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see which were the most effective for companies &apos;s success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Idealab , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe a team , a participation , was more important than an idea .
I never thought I was going to quote Mike Tyson at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true in business too .
The mastery of the team shows its ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Clean is real reality .
And so I began to think that maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , like the revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it started to dawn on me that maybe it was the best influence for success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get very large funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world is not ready for it ?
Sooner , but should we learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Idealab companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoGoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — they &apos;ve made a billion dollar success .
And at the bottom of five companies , Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to respond to all of these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses did in every single aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not the ideal ab , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And several jokes : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the things that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Chapter one was time .
Time mattered by 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just at the height of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their own decisions about defending their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Volunteers were looking for additional money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when businesses were looking for ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the video on the Internet , you had to add some code to do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years after the problem of coding , Adobe Flash solved the problem of coding , and when the spreadsheet hit 50 percent , in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , YouTube had no business model .
So to summarize , this is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they willing to offer them something ?
I hope this insight will help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , I had a happy start in college , reading , having dinner , getting into college laughs .
I felt very unhappy inside , unhappy and scared , and I was terrified of other people , the future , the failure and the passion I felt inside .
I left the seminar when it all started , and I was screaming for myself , I was screaming for my elbow , just like hundreds of times before , when I heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I heard nothing was around , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he stayed for days and weeks commenting on the third person .
&quot; She goes to the lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , he was ugly , and even after a while , oddly friendly and intimidating , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I kept it quiet , and I kept hiding because I was angry , then the voice was confused .
After a while there was a heavy conversation going on , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctors .
And then I got a lot of curiosity and help , and I told him about a strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students who were broadcasting knowledge in university , and in one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , even worse , I was struck by a terrible , terrifying sense of hopelessness and acceptance for myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to resist broadcast .
And then I became essentially aggressive against my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices became contradictory and dangerous .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a circle of fear , of avoidance , of lack of belief and misunderstanding , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless , unable to find more targets than commitment .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had all this crazy repertoire : speaking voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those cruel years of immersion seems like something had died , but something had been saved .
The tribe started as a deceased person , a deceased person , but the person who made it out of the closet ended up becoming the person I was allowed to become .
In my life , many people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can come out of this .
Sometimes it goes to the same May , but it &apos;s always coming in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough for all the good and generous people who fought with me and with me , and who expected me to come out of those missing , singular spaces .
It was very hard to believe that at first , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , and it was essential to learn how to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I believed before .
For example , the voices that made me stop in my house learning how to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what I thought the real voice was .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see it ? &quot; &quot; Steregic .
All of this knowledge finally came to my parts , and each one of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back to the psychiatry field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be at the International Hearing Voice Movement , an organization that &apos;s part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Marie Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees votes as a survival strategy , a healthy response to a crazy environment , not a discharge and a
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
To paraphrase Chile &apos;s words , with social change , cannot be translated back .
It &apos;s not possible to recognize a person who favors themselves .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster a sense of urgency and unity , to empower people who are addressing mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that essentially provides hope that rests on the path of self-reliance .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being encouraged by an intellectual piece of itself to heal itself and to use that piece of cognition .
In this regard , there is no greater pride or privilege for the opportunity to help other people through their education process , to be educated and to raise their hand , to share the pain and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What &apos;s hidden inside of us can never be touched , exhausted and taken away .
Light never gets out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography was when I got my first digital camera when I was five years old .
It was obsessed with my previous desire to paint , but it was slightly different , because using a camera is more important than planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the magnet .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you stop the maggots .
Images like this : Road work is about a load of movement .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is secure .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal : to keep reality .
When I say &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photos .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief reflection in order to understand the depth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about creating a photograph like this ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a reality chart , in which different parts of reality can be bent up to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But by connecting them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to the point that it might exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a combination of reality .
So what creates the reality of photos , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , something that affects us in our daily lives .
But when you mix up pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So the first rule is , you have to get these pictures taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two images are filled with both requirements : to photograph in the same height and in the same light .
The third rule is that you can &apos;t tell where different images start and where they end up . The photo has to be resolved .
You couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by mixing colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and among images , by translating photographic deficiencies like a field of field , by linking colors and tiles , we &apos;re removing the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom half is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I thought about this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for several months to find different parts of the dolphin .
For example , fish were photographed in a fish .
Crowds are different places .
The bottom is photographed in a stone pillar .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So in order to achieve the actual result , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we fit together , and we fit together .
And here , each part is very well-designed , planned .
If you &apos;re good at getting the pictures you need , the result may be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing limiting us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the soft opera world .
Immediately , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic premierer stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , connected to President Germany Putin and his childhood companion , a fabulous violinist .
There are more recent tells that are concerned about the emergence of another document .
It sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should fish care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money in an office and not pay tax , it &apos;s less slow for public services like healthcare , education , travel production .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organizations are all these phenomenal assignments .
The media and political leaders matter how official space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the office world is kind of glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , they can be in another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to do law enforcement , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event didn &apos;t hit the U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , from Virginia , or from Nevada , we would see more Americans interacting .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to spread their students , their cheaters , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was just an eliminated meeting , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t overstated , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s not about individuals .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for exclusion of money .
Unfortunately , the United States does .
So what I &apos;d like us to do is to take a look at the openness of the United States and the world of Panama .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; Secrets are not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can eliminate a secrecy that creates conditions for the prevention of taxes , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Johannes .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the last few years , are going to be making more secret documents than the entire world &apos;s print combined .
Could that be ?
June Anuj : Well , can that be ?
The real concern is that the whole print of the world works so bad that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts of the world can release .
CA : So how does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you secure resource security ?
JS : Well , you might say that these people are classic closed information outcomes . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving tracks , so that information can fit into countries like Sweden and Belgium , the legal division and get legal protection .
We get information from electronic shelters , simple incisions , or no , we check it as a normal news service , we give it a form — which is rarely difficult to do , because it &apos;s about the communication of enormous amounts of information and our own separation from the inevitable law and policy .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we do get to know that at some stage , that &apos;s the kind of information we &apos;re degrading as quickly as possible .
( Telephone call ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s an audience here of how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was the hidden report of the assassination that the Kenyan government asked in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya leaded Daniel Arp Moi for 18 years .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this research and they put together one more report , spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press corps .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information , before we had the election , the national election of the group , 28 days .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to tackle the man who was going to kill — Daniel Arp Moi . So this report was unbelievable for the president of Kibaki .
CA : So in summary , what you might say is that the accounting information has been moved to Kenya not from the official news , but from the wrong news , and you think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choices ?
JE : Yes . This is the information that appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it could have been published securely , and it could have been published in Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 weeks , and Kenya &apos;s defense data , 10 percent replaced the mark and hired the winner of the election .
CA : So your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JE : Yes .
( Applause ) KS : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airstrip from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this noise is not about tougher people .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody is open .
I see your element , four Humvees , one by one ...
I got it . Okay . Off .
Tell me when you see them . Fear .
Excuse all of them .
Go ahead , fire !
( Automotive beeps ) Shake . Shake . ( Automotive beeps ) Shake .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move , it &apos;s time .
Okay , so we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and we still see them .
I get it . I see them .
Two , six , two , six , go .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After finishing , Kyle . All right , ah , ah , I touched them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The responses to those who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that happened in this area .
CA : There were 11 people who died in that attack , right ? According to two headlines at Reuters .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video inspired a global insight .
What do I think was the main reason for this misery ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untapped forces .
These are the people who walk across the street carefully , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter cranial archive , looking for a shock of shame and killing people who are saving the killing .
There were two journalists who were really not minorities , but were working their way .
CA : Well , there was a Bradley Manning analyst in the United States that acknowledged that this video was sent to you , and together with 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept these cubes .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 100,000-pound convulsion and searching for 50 pounds .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavík , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common visitor in this embassy .
CA : If you had received a thousand cups of diplomacy from the U.S.
JS : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the ruling of Arab states , the real damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these closed-loop cubes makes exactly this image .
CA : So let &apos;s talk more about that .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to release hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how information can be transferred .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that institutions cannot conceive of efforts and resources locked up , that &apos;s a good brand , that leads to the expectation that you can achieve something good , that organizations that present that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to lock that information .
We &apos;ve noticed this in practice . But that &apos;s what the story of journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk for a single person or a whole society , that information proliferation can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the case of our investigation .
I mean , it &apos;s considered poor immunization policies .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be collected , like healthcare data , it &apos;s secret , but our sources that provide information actually have a foundation to do it .
CA : You &apos;ve got a reason to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you wanted to find out for those unreasonable motives .
It shows that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are not human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not like that . How are you friends ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JR : Yeah , we hear a lot of these things .
But remember , for Baghdad , for people in Iraq , for Afghans , you don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see this every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who learn for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Is that a way to shine light on black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock the mystery of others , you &apos;re secretly focusing on your information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any WikiLeaks whatsoever .
We don &apos;t have resources that are displaced in any other source .
If we find that way , it &apos;s a bad situation for us , but we do our work in ways that allow people to feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d love to know — what we &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience think is .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or greatness , which is a heavy bias , which carries light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s the age of his life ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JS : Well , brave . You should be .
CA : That &apos;s the audience , Johannes , understandable .
We should be more engaged . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do , what we do every day .
Last year , at the end of the year , a paper came out with some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , just not so big .
We got a report — a kind of event engineering analysis , where it was written that conservation workers from some competition , all sorts of oil , all sorts of things were blowing apart the buildings .
That struggle has been engaged and part of the governments of Albania has been engaged .
There was no explaining information at the top of an engineering report , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is doing for its own purposes .
So we put the document up in the country saying we should look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
that matter seems interesting , that it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just test it . And this week , we got a letter from the community saying , &quot; &quot; We want to know the resource from the document . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say more specifically .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to publish a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , there were the authors of the document .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches that we &apos;ve been trying to identify or test the material , is that these guys are writing us letters .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re in intense search and technical jobs .
So our publishing numbers have come down over the last few months , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in reinventing our basic systems .
Interesting is the problem .
Like every starting organization , we &apos;re very excited about our own growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what is the biggest reduction in opportunity — is there a lack of jobs for journalists , or is there a lack of long-haul journalists ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly becoming difficult to grow up , and it &apos;s affecting the way we treat it , and we have to restructure it so that we have people who can work with the highest amount of national secrecy , and also less secrecy .
CA : To give you a sense of how you got to this sort of action .
I said you had to be taught in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the cinema business , and then they got hidden from the secret , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JR : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were quite young , you were a law enforcement .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became a full-time journalist .
I emailed a magazine that I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you have to do carefully with a hacker .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in a variety of tasks .
Unfortunately , today it &apos;s mostly spotted by the Russian mafia , wanting to hazard your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Could we leverage them , maybe tell us something about the event that made them choose ?
JE : Because of the event , I couldn &apos;t answer .
But the basic value is that intelligent , generous people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , Brilliant , Brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , do they care ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I &apos;m not really able to take care of the raw , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the lawsuits , which is to give the lawsuits to the lawsuits .
This is a limb that I had for a long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a moment , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberately , you brought in caretakers with the bank , and then the media companies had to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
That gave you a lot of popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult battle .
The banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
But in spite of last year , we released a report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes before the transmission , and as in the movie , it knows about friendship , and the readers have been wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our online network was being shown , and we were getting very impressive in Iceland , and we were driving , and we were talking about these things .
There was an emotion in the society that this would never happen again , and the result of this event was that , together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we developed a new set of law enforcement that would enable Iceland to become , in a sense , an official freedom enforcement , the world &apos;s greatest preserve of journalists , a new el@@
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were uniquely accepted in the Icelandic language .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or is the Big Bang even more violent , will there be more secrecy , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of both getting better ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure why we &apos;re going to succeed .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech , to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting now to live , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement , in our own volume , one way or another .
CA : So I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience a little bit about : Jellanchuan , be careful , and push you in .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
A nice day .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I &apos;m going to confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , composition , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Romantic .
I took a picture and I presented a new meaning today , speaking about me in Russia , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing , and he carries a bull of violence in order to not be separated from classrooms like he doesn &apos;t have a person .
This boy has objectives and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bars at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you , &quot; &quot; quoting Huck from the movie , but I never saw his anger .
He blames his emotion , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s easy to be surrounded by women and to look like the aggressive Huck .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new foundation .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and play with words : the irony , the Iron Man , the person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) And through artifacts , I bring out social questions that bring me back to Russia .
The interesting thing about marriage in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For the Red Cross community , I &apos;m an old girl , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the bowl of the Mexican warrior , wearing a wetsuit , wearing a wetsuit .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by wanting to motivate girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we &apos;re making more progress .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more common and more common .
And indeed , the implications are stronger social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
This is a problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is great . He believes why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh sweatshirts , we had hang-ins .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be a remarkable story and a remarkable story to continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local entertainment , a network of knowledge , sustainability , vision and resource thinking .
My big idea is just a small idea , it can open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of women .
Women who don &apos;t exist .
I experienced my loved ones what was worth sleeping .
Two and a half years ago , I got bored .
I hit the table , I broke my teeth , my right eye was broke .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time , I was less educated , I was talking to doctors , I was talking to researchers , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to emerge .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We &apos;re going to get height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern matching has become like male-pattern matching .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had slept five , the evening would have been much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for inflation .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet in the morning and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really mad at the morning ? &quot; &quot; you may say , &quot; &quot; Well , I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to deal with a number of calls , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that &apos;s the truth —
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to see the glacier before it gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already surrounded so many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the brothers of Lehman had had been his brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be walking around and connected , maybe the sister would have noticed the glacier , because she would have been drowned after 7.5 or eight hours , and she would have seen the whole thing .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what brings us more happiness and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to explore and come up with some great ideas that hide in us , connect the dots and discover the power of sleep .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of jewelry , using ages for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms that are about the size of buildings that are built around the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do it .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture or engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of them were displaced .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to paint the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahablanca .
It was the last day that I showed , but my paintings were not delivered ...
I had to take something .
The living room was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried bronze .
But to create a large skull , it was too difficult and too fragile .
I walked up to the edge of the cliff , and I watched the nodes dropping their net into the speakers on the snow .
Every day I &apos;d seen this , but I &apos;d seen this incredible thing — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and cheap materials .
My first encouraging skull was actually created by collaborating with these phenomena .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; The Gold Rush . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We filmed the sculpture very closely .
I found her glittering surfaces separated with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Libya , and with the headlines .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become what I could change ...
Going back to India to work with fishermen , we built a network with half a million hands of crap , and the culture was cut down by Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a cross-section design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term product for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and limited .
For two years , I was looking for a fiber that supports ultraviolet fisheries , drought , weather , confusion , and would remain relatively easy to spread in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the earth .
So we drilled this 4,000-pound bundle of steel rods .
We had to design it so that it could move gracefully with the wind and maintain uranium wind .
But there was no design plan that could simulate anything with an eye and a movement .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers who are designing the mouths of the mouths of the American Milky Way , Peter Heppel .
It helped me meet the challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building the same way , because my hands couldn &apos;t keep the lights off .
So I collaborated with industrial vacuum cleaners , understood the possibilities of manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could be translated into this unique , ancient pattern of processing of ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years of giving birth to two children , we emitted 50,000 square feet , a rotten net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was being built , long and unexpected by no authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and stupid .
Now it has meaning .
We walked underneath this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind melt through the creation of choreography , and I felt like I had found an access , and I also found a connection with the heavens ...
My life hasn &apos;t been the same .
I want to create these skyscrapers for urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to talk about two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic trampoline in Philadelphia : her walking , I felt , was needed to be easier than a web sculpture .
So we experimented with fragmented little bits of water to create a dry milk that could be shaped by wind , and then also people that could be shaped by the wind in an attempt to explain , and people who could be able to participate in it without spinning .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like an X-ray of the urban locomotion system .
Another challenge : international culture and ideas , Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of the 35-week vacation and their collection in one slide .
( Laughter ) I had no idea where to start , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami disappeared across the Pacific .
It shattered the tectonic plates of the Earth , covered the melting of the planets , and it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means the microseconds that hit Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using ink .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny little network of materials that were 15 times stronger than a pendulum .
This sculpture was already totally sculptural , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complicated network patterns and simulate them in terms of Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from New York ; they asked me if I could take my creation from the Times , or the High Line .
A new way to think about it enables me to design and build skulls that look like skyscrapers .
While they haven &apos;t been able to finance yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most demanding .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of beauty .
Today I &apos;m bringing this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive , scalable structures .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
A friend of mine called me Phoenix , the city .
The lawyer who never thought about art , never touched the local art museum , blew up everything he could , from his workplace , and forced himself to go under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the floor , wind turbines were observed by strangers sharing their discoveries ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a boy of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information patterns of energy are collected at the same time through all of our senses systems , and it creates a multiple pattern of gardens about what this present moment looks like , how it tastes , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I &apos;m an energy creature , a connection with environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
The left-hand side of us is mind-wandering .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the ease of the body . Imagine that .
