By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to look at .
The first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technologist journalist , and who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as a lawyer .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last webcam video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally resigned from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends shut this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this pageant into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written a better and more careful coordination than many , but actually , we &apos;re all now cre@@
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being shipped every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 different pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of the house , or the grandmother who is now living somewhere in a box .
But today , we are all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , a year from now on , when you are gone .
And I think that will produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few calls made for us to be able to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media surveys after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I signed up at a New York restaurant in Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even organic food .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidia . Even before I fail .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook as you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines can understand human language and encode huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s entire life &apos;s content will be possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating so many .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital self can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , but for the exact amount of content that we create and technology can do it meaningfully .
We can see experiments in this field .
Another called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be careful .
But you can imagine how something like this works five , 10 or 20 years from now , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on controlling robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a single human being , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
Think about this terrible stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN had just passed the CNN literally — hip-hop music hologram to interview Anderson Cooper in his study specifically .
What if we could use the same technology to transform our loved ones &apos; representations into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to life , with all the wealth created by that person while they were still alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capacity of technology to understand , and together , exponentially expanded .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s the way life definitions and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them restaurants .
These are people who spend a career taking care of their elderly , their children growing up , pursuing personal interests or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : soldiers , soldiers , soldiers , returned to work , or returned to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career break is hard for the relationship between the workers and the restaurants .
By removing people , the agenda of their lives is often described as a great risk , and the person who is doing a career can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
That &apos;s the problem with this discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about his friends coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Council , and she goes back to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O doesn &apos;t work for five years in the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy released the burden of Today Show descriptions to people who tried to come back to the present , but confronted the difficulty .
Theresa wrote that there were five kids &apos; mother who liked being home , but after reading , she had to return to work , and after reading , she really wanted to get work back to her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us feel like we &apos;ve done everything we search for work .
She was looking for funders or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months continuously studying companies online , and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the audience to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just going to be the sunlight that will ultimately come out of the job . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we continue to be rescued from our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my bicycle every day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a wonderful reminder of the self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t follow business news .
My area is the finance , and I &apos;m constantly following the news as I was growing up in my house with four small children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt that I knew what was happening in the business world .
I believe that a restaurant is a workforce exclusive , that &apos;s why .
We have less consulting or working partners .
We live a life of success .
We have a wonderful experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find our workforce .
After all , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two conditions that workers have at the same time .
First of all , workers are really excited that the repositories are replaced by technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically frustrated , it &apos;s just about being there .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect them to work by having a core bureaucracy software .
And if they disagree , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that workers do is they don &apos;t care that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I said to the restaurants that they needed to work well and explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not until they were in the career break .
This is not work .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for telling the worker what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether that &apos;s called a survey , or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I saw as an engineer coming back , a nonprofit , reintegrated candidate , running the initial de-escalation program in the war , and then getting a full-time job .
I saw two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s in a magazine called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year survey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have reintegration rating programs for returning to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These surveys are trained , and people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate feedback programs to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Intelligence Survey .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow the workers to work through real-world examples of work , stop the conversation , and the worker doesn &apos;t have to make the long-term job decision until the stop is over .
This process of testing unlocks the risks that leaders face by default , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we got there .
Before that , most workers were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for the restaurants , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resources in your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this recurrent problem , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their return to work was adopted by their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no problem with a five-year-old program .
On the other hand , that &apos;s the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to get something more , but she couldn &apos;t make a living .
It was August 2011 .
Three loved a company and colleagues , and the offices were worse than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marriage and hope for the best .
Well , she above all their peers , and the company not only offered her persistent job at the beginning of 2012 , but it made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
Three hours of work were an attempt , as a witness , and it all finished in the foreground for both Tracy and its employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration by the more workers .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer to the staff or the stolen shopkeepers who don &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other restaurants come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I now work in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to put serious view of the environment using ...
Using fruit crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just leave it — I &apos;ll pass the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Well , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s services and respect , you can make a challenge .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole , is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of relativity .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they agree with nothing ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight projects that I &apos;ve done with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Snow phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by the weird tool that I put on my lap , asking me to do something for him , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light or bring out a glass of water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was still strong , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because the tea is a good person in the Indian family .
And what struck me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He &apos;d roll the ball and he &apos;d expect me to grab a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my law , I made &quot; &quot; Sit down . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that two people have to use it .
It &apos;s exactly how my uncle uses a mobile device made for one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine that he could borrow his sons and daughters around the world , same thing .
All he needed to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a pen , print his elbow and cut it out and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual letter , again .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be especially polite and celebrated with ritual , like my box and I like it .
The next thing we do is we have a soundtrack , a soundtrack that we call &quot; &quot; The Monkey . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving genius .
This is how it works : we bend the boxes on the wall , and there are little creatures behind them .
And once it &apos;s all around the event , they &apos;re sort of expanding forward .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they blurse .
So we pasted these posters on a three-room wall .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these small bats behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of shift away from the ceiling .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of dissonance .
They don &apos;t respond to basic sounds either .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Text ) But they react to the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that later .
( Whistling ) We were very interested in creating them as animals .
So every click is a behavior of self , a psychology , a loved one , a person , etc .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards , it &apos;s well-adapted .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but we noticed that people around them became playful and playful .
This is a video institution called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of communicating with the idea of immortality .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that runs — the camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this room .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded in which the camera was turned into invisible .
Sir gets into the room . Please ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it and showing it off .
This is a video that &apos;s a very early video that has not been solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately overdue .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then we put a monitor on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one individual always was invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And here &apos;s a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , like a child &apos;s peak oil or sunlight bursts .
From the front , this object looked very strong and rough , and from the inside , it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
After all , they were constantly tired and tired .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that she kind of rolls into a box , and his body grows out of it almost like a piece of cloth .
He &apos;s blinking around his head like a hearing , very unexpected , slow motion .
His movement is limited by definition .
If it wasn &apos;t there , and the grass would be very similar , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no cards or flowers .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People went into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within minutes , to get through the pain , to get a reward , and it seems to be coming back .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the mental willingness to run it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because he can do something about it again .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , so we &apos;ve worked hard and hard , and actually a lot of our work to address the mechanical , quantitative and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely point out the moment of his critic , because if we had designed it so that it would turn around , it would have collapsed , but if it didn &apos;t turn out sufficiently — it would have no sense of immortality , so uncomfortable wanting to run it .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so it keeps getting better .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object is changing itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in : we work with the aesthetics of steel , the beauty of different sketches of optical fibers shaped like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a jacket shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to reconstruct something as cold and remote and abstract as the universe , with the known shape of the bowl of a ball , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after you spend your time looking at this shape as a button and realizing it was more like a blank space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece that &apos;s still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Outsourcing . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , trying to approach you , enjoying you , growing up into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is constantly expanding and contracting , keeping dynamic connections with people around you — trying to protect yourself or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how far it took us .
Think of all the services that we use , the relationship , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , it &apos;s going to happen in the history books a few hundred years later , and our generation is going to be remembered as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yeah , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector behind the counter , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , written in 1986 , Basin and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for the Palestinian refugees .
In fact , there &apos;s a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
The problems have been happening for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures that I did while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abbutbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
This is a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is a 730-year-old address in Allah Iqbal .
I got into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt so excited about this realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also infected hundreds of times by viruses , completely untouched over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to leave an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me make some devices online . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old virus list .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundred-year-old laptop , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you land , after your screen , the men begin to walk .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brain and the young .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab example , to follow the specific instances of viruses around the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build on the idea of how many viruses , new C.O.s , we see every day .
This is the latest virus that we found called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if you go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of cyberbullying programs that happen every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made up of these viruses .
It would be groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys cross their laptops .
So if you &apos;re a virus writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these stolen computers — some other computers — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google-seeking account you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and humiliated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they were looking for is the sessions when you join and you surround yourself in any store on the Internet .
Because when you go to an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example of failure that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and buy that information as you go along .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a fuel marketplace and a business ecosystem built on the basis of cyberbullying .
For example , how these men can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s take a look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , from Sweden , and his colleague , who has also been successful in the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , cyberbullying surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a couple of weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the account of the Swiss bank accounted for something like Jain and the bank accounted for 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that online forces can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online programmers are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have relative systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also utilizing global heritage for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , moves from country to country when only a page tries to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to cross the road .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving something free to cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals , who haven &apos;t been able to get us there , can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one flap hidden .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of what it looks like when it &apos;s packed .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture file on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and drop the code .
So if you look at the file of this painting — this is the file of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so frustrated .
And we can go over here and actually disseminate it .
Well , part of the code is now wired out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can see an online address : UNonseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden entry through which the program is going to take your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue disseminating the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all description , as if somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I turned it on .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the labor , and one of them thinks that power is rare , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on a phone number and cars number , and things like that .
So I started looking for the connections of Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this one page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a few years , and he has his own personal site , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And on this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in Sanchez Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of armor .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty nice car for a 20-year-old kid from Sanchez Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that event on his site — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got involved in .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the cyberbullying is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
The vast majority of cyberbullying bubbles , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find cyberbullying , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot cope them .
I &apos;d like it to be simpler , but wait , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked something like this .
This is Siemens S7- to 400 PLC programmed in a logical management consortium .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , the lifespan in this building is very powerful to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on that we should not worry about .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farmer , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computers control .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re starting to depend a lot on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if it doesn &apos;t need computers .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when things we understand don &apos;t expect .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , copying replications , things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cyberbullying .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t act against cyberbullying , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programming and fire supply .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but we need to give them the opportunity to use their gaps for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend and I were on a road from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel the country streets through parks and national forests — literally the longest way we could have ever been .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that covered me for the last 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally transmits his face imitation .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphs . &quot; &quot; She just kind of spoke to me for a few moments and then she turns to laugh , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs are in place . ( Laughter )
I spent five years thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when things like this happen , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually , it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is false — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all of my rich faiths here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this granular sense of failure coming out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re just hanging out with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , involved in this little sense that we &apos;re very right about everything , in the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you can do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative battle you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we fail .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s cold .
Not good . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m cheating , I &apos;m cheating , I &apos;m cheating — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s an answer to another question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , it can actually be funny , as my grandmother cries for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s never painful .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you recall the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , always running and never feeding the bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the legs roll the bird , and the bird jumps out of the jar , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the legs are running after him .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we miss something — not when we miss it , but until then — we are like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re laughing , we &apos;re running out , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So I should actually tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we insist on this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we are missing something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get some ideas for a little bit of primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the page , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a miniskirt .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A cute child , a nurse &apos;s friend , someone who never does a homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who make mistakes go wrong are expensive , irresponsible bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I think , especially many of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
In fact , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at the time , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because doing something wrong means doing something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes and goes to the operating room .
She gets painted , the surgeon makes her job — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It seems to have done perfectly .
And at the end , he looks down at himself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t this part of my body replaced ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not the part of her body in clothing , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of the right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overwhelming belief that you are on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what actually happens in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to fail , so we end up adding things like putting 757 million pounds of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or reducing global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But this is also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just utterly reflected in reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us humans share reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people know the same facts as us , and they don &apos;t agree with us yet , we move on to the second assumption that is — they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the box , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they silence it for purposes of individual pyramid .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This approach to our justice keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what makes me sad and tragic is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and define the hidden world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your protest is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s the same .
And yes , that &apos;s why we fail .
In 1200 , until Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Susan Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Please call me , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaws , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
This is the basis of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re sitting there trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and our creativity and our prosperity .
Last year , for several reasons , I put myself in the audience listening to a lot of the radio show , &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all these bubbles of failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the most sophisticated gift of mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As the creator of the ship , we joke that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen to one , and everything else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these amazing , unsuccessful and failing moments to make these stories look real . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like constant screenshots , mishints and unexpected ends .
We love failure in our stories .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought he would kill Iraq , he would kill a number of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that the dictator of Egypt would end his life until he was too old and through illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school love , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s not going to enjoy , an audience that &apos;s never going to come .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and advancement and improvement , but you know , why do we need all of these innovations and excuses and excuses ?
Because half of the things that were most valuable to remember and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket buyer , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
The theme , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is fantastic discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan Public Library and killed Rabbi Mee Khan , the Jews lifestyle leader .
Thankfully , those plans were measured by the FTB player .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the World Trade Center wasn &apos;t there .
Nosuntil finally , he was devastated for sharing his life .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people talk to each other , they realize that we want the same things in life doesn &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he called me out of his archive , and he explained that the last few weeks he and his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to try to heal .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , all the targets got off the ground .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that I had the same desire to marry that my father had .
These people ended up swimming 650 kilograms of fertilizer and leaving at a low-lying pole , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called ammonia , which means a box .
I spent a lot of time in the classroom being a new face , and I often kept the experience .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was so privileged to live a large part of my life , and it was very exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I realized that one of the kids I met was Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s word , and honestly , I felt embarrassed to be able to walk through a barrier , which was defined most of my life as ineffective .
The second major step towards opening was when I found my summer job at the Bus Gardens Fund .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was a foundation for dealing with my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
In the Pramble Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other beings , and I find it uncomfortable with good people &apos;s behavior not the way I would want them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Country of God . &quot; &quot; Next year , Jon Stewart invited me to be honest with myself about my fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that the word comedian made me more positive than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
One day , I was talking to my mother about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind person who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I have become tired of not touching people . &quot;
At the time , I understood how much effort it takes to keep the uninformed self .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when we decided to connect with my family and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there were better roads , and even though I was involved in this terrible , unorderly ideology , I was not allowed to be a fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use battles against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the eyes of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these feelings of the eye and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in the opposite direction , as I stood in my pocket , I realized I had no arrows .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the boardroom table where I left them and left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the next door and the windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early morning card in Europe , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I was growing up , I found a big stone , and I blew up the corridor &apos;s window , I took out the glass ceiling , I crumbled into it , I found a whole bunch of cardboard , and I put it in my pocket , and I thought that morning , when I went to the air hall , I could call my teacher to help me .
It &apos;s going to be cold , but maybe it &apos;s not less than a spine strike in the middle of the night , so I thought , under the circumstances , things like that .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by a profession , and I know a little about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cartilage that reinforces heart failure , it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it worse .
( Laughter ) And only in the travel record , I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back to the air bank , and I prayed , but they had already given my place to someone else , so he pulled me back to the airplane &apos;s head by the toilet , into a seat that was not reported , at 8 o &apos;clock in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours of noise .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect things from so bad ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was growing up , I was telling myself about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was written a few years ago called a recent onset of misfortune studies .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So I want to talk today about a few things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Remove the place for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but that does provide a lot of science behind how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developed for thousands of years to follow important things — where there are areas where you can find lions , those areas of drugs where there are areas of friendship and opposite sex .
The hypothesis is is that part of the brain that lies outside London in a taxi driver .
This is the part that allows governments to find their own shortcomings .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled the bread exactly right , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly sophisticated brain mechanism for finding things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too slowly , and not very good for moving things .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading and the back .
So take your place in your house — a cable next to the door , maybe a decorative cube .
The world is a set of chairs .
The students are a specific table .
If you take a place and you stretch it very tightly , your things will always be there when you need them .
How about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , you look at your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself a license to be in the cloud .
If these things happen , or if they happen , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when you have stress , the brain is dividing the cartoon .
The Korean is terrifying , and it makes it difficult to think .
So part of the pre-front-line analysis is is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about treating your treatment or helping them develop .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all of the solutions involved in treatment , including financial or social solutions — to any decision that regulates rational evidence .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; I just got the results from the lab , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your statine . &quot; &quot; You may have heard about statins , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , perhaps you know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to be treated .
You might think , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , medical practice doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not the fault of a doctor , if anything about it and the fault , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKitlin calculates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to make the most impressive statement , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make one choice ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that takes years to recover from one heart attack , insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another intervention , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : seizure pain and contemporary pain , coverage and needle collapse — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not so likely that this will happen to me , I will still have a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One percent of those 300 are infected , five percent are infected , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be treated for you than to be treated .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you need a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you may think that I &apos;ve taken this number out of my head to kill you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Often the surgeries , for men over 50 years , pay transparency for the wine needed to drop 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries being done while there was one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , the lack of erection , the lack of secrecy , the lack of recycling , the lack of transparency .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about the previous issues that should be asked to have a conversation start .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want the length that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the occasion package , but at least you will have tried to do that kind of stuff .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver system or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles and it doesn &apos;t react quickly , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues showed .
So we need to train ourselves to think early on about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all agree .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways to do things like reduce green , or cut roads for bad things .
Back on that Saturday night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s deposit on the side of my door , covering the front door , easily to remember the code .
I have to admit that I still have a church of postcards that I did not regret and a church of an email I did not read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a proxy process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an inevitable spot .
They hoped to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same amount of current installed in the middle , two radio waves .
In October 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco da Game and Colombia have had the pleasure to find new places .
We now have the luck to find space .
And that &apos;s the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You look at the Sputnik feed , my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he handled America .
Sputnik , after leaving it , created all the courage .
A human being made up of the moon , seen by ordinary people , made respect and commitment that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , the so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our opponents had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can push us in a watershed bomb by Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crimes compared to Perl Harbor and the 11 tragedy of September 11 .
He challenged the future of rockets .
He kept poking .
It &apos;s a space holder .
By funding the Congress , within a year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik has done a lot more than making weapons .
For example , some of you may remember that day in January of 1958 , the National Security Council , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were under the ground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear wars are going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For example , several of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and within the educational landscape , the decline has increased dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change what seems to be a very disadvantageous situation in which Americans in general have actually benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
To conclude , I &apos;d like to use the courage and to thank one of my investors — a long time to join TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked at MIT for 44 years . I worked at the very first TED .
The third environment is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not exactly .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they were going to turn into wars .
These things were found in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by mass graves , 20 years after the war broke out .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever discovered .
During the fourth conflict in the Cold War , the collapse in Bosnia during the 1990s , around 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed in cardiovascular operations .
The Industrial Revolution brought some horrors to the human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their obsession , their cultural value , and perhaps the same idea that they had ever existed , was ridiculous .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be cases — there are no perfect cases .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than the crushing memories of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the fetus has carried with them to the point of execution , they &apos;re secretly controlled , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of climbers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Specifically , these things are used as a tool for growth to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable condition in war-torn barriers right now .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out who these things belonged in terms of their own , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are hardened or just being trusted by our actions and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforeign and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things makes us realize a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the documents can be .
One day , when all the individuals are met , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;ll show you something .
When I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the experiment that I did — taking photos every month every day .
I would never have expected such utterances .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide a lot of unhappiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share with you some interesting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Score .
The viewer kind of walks into the room , and instantly these posters are immediately immersed on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching them , and they seem to be following and stopping into the cold symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temple .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 21st century , the alignment plate and the other is about 100 years old , and the Malaysian abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the largest area is about two meters tall .
It &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all of a sudden come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes like a transparent observer in space , and it becomes lovely and independent again as they are , like , perceived being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be quite honest that the claws themselves are so highly held to construct the rules that they , sort of , apply to the viewer &apos;s voice .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper clip attached to a remote wall , but you can either see that it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a piece of paper that &apos;s about the size of a piece of paper , which is held out of either side by two small hands , which has been cast out of focus and attention from a tiny piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability was moving in a very primitive way , with camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here one by one .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just took a camera and we turned it on its back .
This is a video clip .
You have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re sort of trying to define the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of comparing it to the amount of chicken you need to do that , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper that you see in front of you .
Another job is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall instrument — a head , and his only goal is to attract his attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer as the person gets closer and closer .
This is the first scenario of the experiment .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is that when you get the attention of the person , it &apos;s not interesting , and he &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate make-up of a mashup .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it comes out of a factory , like a vaccine or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of cuts the object and gives us a little bit of a background with our image .
And so for us , it &apos;s a selfish being that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a being that needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; The Country . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium from the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m from , every single one of you looks that size , and the audience sort of takes the full view .
There are 96 little figures in the auditorium .
They learn to fly mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to pay as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a bunch of claims or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks out of the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It can be anything from a few weak ends of the audience , or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as a instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or structures of sound , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and a sense of urgency and an instinct .
It also has its own fragrance and its own fragrance .
So here , if you can see we are very happy , because of the head of the image being shared in two hands .
This is a little animation , like the two brainstorms interact with each other in order to find the meaning of doubt and inflammatory .
And here you see the prototype .
So we &apos;re not thinking when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes from the idea of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and you can see it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same blind spot to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures on this site .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would perceive a particular perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and first along the way , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic boundaries and the other groups of subjects , like the lenticularis physically confirmed to travel that way .
We like the idea that these patterns dance around as if they &apos;re simulated and don &apos;t have any interest , as if they &apos;re restless and comfortable , as long as they feel the movement from one side to the next .
So we have a selfish contradiction to this project .
This image is sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of like a grid , but also a grid , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and vulnerable and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a fairly concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very lucky to work with Cyrus ETH to create the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the gestures from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s relatively small .
As you can see , it gets into my work .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week , you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything , to cut off your shoulders . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a maze .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one person who had died in two weeks .
One morning , I woke up , had three days to the terminal , and there was no one word left . Like , the only thing I could say : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , I slow down like a movie , and I wrote down until the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s awesome ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about attention .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that was distracting my brain and actually non-processing to compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-makers decided to do something productive , but the plan of the Big Bang doesn &apos;t like it , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this will take a while , so there will be no places in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain Bear is not the one to solve everything .
She lives at this very moment .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Big Bang people are just one more kind of animal .
You &apos;ve got to remix , remix , remix , remain married , and that &apos;s going to be a good place to live in .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a culture , and the Beijing doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why another animal in our brain is the Rational Society of Defense that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what would be the most useful thing to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take things that are fun and easy to do , like waiting for dinner or breaking in a bed , or enjoying the joystick with one another .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not to do things that are common .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the game .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When everybody conducts the Beijing Bridge , the question is , how do the performers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of moonshot where important things happen ?
It turns out that the unicorn has an carbon fiber , which is seen from above , viewed in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to come and work now . &quot; &quot; And the Beagle said , &quot; &quot; All right , let &apos;s do Google Earth , and let &apos;s draw a picture of India up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to understand India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking out of the house , and after a few seconds the whole system is screamed chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Big Bang — remember the Panic Monster is going to pass the baton — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And by the way , the Rational Progress Index can take steel , and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the uninformed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then the magic thing about working in the bush doesn &apos;t last night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is a reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how life-changing the way that the Big Bang influenced their lives .
Why do people stay in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing , less about it than about laughter , shorter focus on terms .
It mostly lives in silence and in unity .
It can cause a huge amount of unsatisfaction and despair .
I understood why people wrote these words and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term focus has made them look at their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no clinicians .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all attractive .
Maybe you &apos;re not as naive as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially knowing that we already used the bread .
I think you need to look carefully at this calendar .
We have to remember what we &apos;re really paying for , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
This is work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the work we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
The next year .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Capiton William Shinson , who was recently voted at the Library of Congress in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the tree had turned on a GoPro camera and caught this event .
This is a picture of Captain Shinson bringing a cold warrior hidden in his pocket .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I want to know why there are no people around me who behave that way ?
On the vertical axis , we prioritize people who are willing to educate others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And the first thing I learned was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they &apos;re serving the military .
Those better people are willing to connect .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s emotions , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the weather stations , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the duration of our lives .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by definition , natural reaction has been born — trust and collaboration .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and hope that someone from kindness is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to be able to buy your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t die .
The only thing to change is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tuna creates its own leadership .
I got on a plane and I was on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get on the plane before I turned it into numbers , and I noticed how he was working on a commitment device , acting as a pushcart , as a pushcart .
He was scared to try to get a little too early on .
So I sweated .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Listen .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or not follow the rules . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t want to let your leaders know .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are easy , we are forced to spend time and force trying to rescue each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , the ability to attempt and cheat , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and so comfortable with the managers of the bank who receive inproportionate equations and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve won lower rules of social contact .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or the 250 million dollar prize for Motor Teresa ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . None of us do .
Different leaders don &apos;t teach anyway .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , and in 2008 , this company did a great job of recycling , and at night she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In the manufacturing business , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep the labor force .
We needed to pay 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government sat down to address the issue of transparency .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees have heart attacks , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was decided to do a launch program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of uninformed leave .
Atheist , they could choose any time , and not necessarily all four of them in the row .
He said that it was better for everybody to cheat just by a little bit , not to cheat anybody , and in this way , he threw the moral of the worker .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people like that .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several warriors waiting for war , and as the warrior was accepted , the manager of the officer ruled the last and allowed the first to feed his people , and they were stopped eating the food supply chain .
And when they returned to the village , one of his people brought some food to save it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they believe their peers will be safe , and that their people should benefit , and by doing so , we &apos;ll have a natural response — our people will cheat for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their shirts to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your clothing and your shirt on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of the Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in remote , rural communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , living with so many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my mother complained in the Kiplingo manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is wrong . I find it .
Just go and search for Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing from the mountains .
Please stand up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in a hundred children born worldwide has a heart disease .
In addition to these problems , I think I can solve — some of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
Vaccines have to survive in mother &apos;s eyes .
The disturbance depends on the relationship between the system and the lung blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it &apos;s not done , the child has a heart valve .
It allows for resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these regions is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re trying to breathe virtually .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up was the green velvet .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that glass as a form of leather for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be engaged .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these huge problems .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter brings a rhythm to the heart .
Then he makes a glass .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long building to create and build a prototype .
And vitro and live studies took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and my partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After treatment with our anger , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The reason the Skyil is different is because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We went back to the first plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the story of writing complex letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us get a new tool .
We &apos;ve used this traditional auditory approach , and we &apos;ve created a design made out of a strong material that records form .
It seems right now that the audience is enabling us to create a device that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the glass .
It expands , it expands , it expands , it expands , and it expands .
We have this beautiful installation system that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
No open surgery needed .
( Applause ) As doctors , we fight diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they do so .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the former community are part of our team , a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenges .
We extract the forces from our patients .
Their ability to get power soon and their friendship drives creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind for the rest of the life , not for the struggle or for the struggle .
So we need to start the foundation with a one-by-one model .
We give one tool to make sure that every child survives .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one impossible idea , and we spread it out , really : no child will be killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , walking around with a couple of friends &apos; ears and we were bombarded in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got pregnant , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one makes something you can put on your skin and not have to sleep ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought something . &quot; &quot; I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation today .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called pathogens .
Therefore , this infection in the eye is caused by the naked eye when the eye is caught up , and some of the infections that are lost can be completely changed .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about it is that preventing severe infections should be swallowed by face : no drugs , no pill or injections .
When I read that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I had no more laptop than the trustworthy Internet , just as much as I used online cafe for 20 pounds per hour — I went to Wikipedia
that looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote a patent on my mobile phone , I was the youngest person who owned a patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; You shouldn &apos;t worry ! &quot; &quot; ) — I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s first mind-shifting solution .
You &apos;re climbing on the skin , and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) I was trying to build a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and met several people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can introduce to markets , and I can cultivate this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform large products .
They miss when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t miss all the rotten cigarettes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more .
So we started moving DryBath into a little innovative change .
She goes through the middle and she burns .
The cool part is that one task allocates a five-order education .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even rich parents want to use DriBath in their pockets . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We estimated that in this way you can save 80 million liters of water every time you spend breastfeeding , you can also provide two hours per day for kids in the village — two hours of school , two hours for work , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw that kind of universal advantage , we confused our definition of the basic functions of our product , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s identity , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t cheat .
What &apos;s stopping you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also choosing the best student in the business world , the first African to give this feedback , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at an airport , and then I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and I saw the actual patients .
Throughout that month , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , are we going to meet in this way to minimize spending , or do we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I come from , they have health issues .
It &apos;s done a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth rate .
Otherwise , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
The most expensive health care solutions are made exactly by them .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate on an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs to the physician , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we kind of got a bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s state , and we have to do it in very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see behind me on the screen is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of treatment in patients compared to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you see my wedding dressed in three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the cost , but to look at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in our research was the trajectory that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find incredibly good ones , but the worse numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making good healthcare .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should start using a seat again .
It &apos;s like being on a mountain . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk would be five percent .
So either a year , or you have a risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
When we look at lots of different diseases in different ways , we can see big differences .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting meeting and talked about what procedure they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you used for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; my way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know it and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a price on the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on it , it &apos;ll last a long time , and most patients never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they decided to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — it &apos;s an unprecedented improvement .
Over many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , the guardian who is the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Serious improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just a exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price on the balance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time achieved the smallest expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study came out that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the prevalence rate is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements , and move its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but although it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they achieve by looking at the quality they give to patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to know other people .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist working in another hospital and discusses why this other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community , in which we can watch and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s cheating here , but it &apos;s not cheating , it &apos;s stealing .
It means the International Consortium of Health Metrics .
We take the best doctors and the patients in one area , the diseases under the illness , which are really qualitative , what we should measure and turn them into international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , polio , heart disease , stroke and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the kids that work on this website .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I conducted teachings at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We said , what is the cost of patients , can we treat patients more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the season , the peak of the iceberg stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health value , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the patient into hospitals and other health care systems , not a problem , but a key part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think a modern-day medical illustrator , Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive the success of companies , how important functions actually are to result in firms .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , they can unlock the potential of the people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters to the company .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphor , avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made by many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been designing a business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-powered bus stop when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were the most effective in the success of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the experience , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote a quote from Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true and business .
Company mastery shows her ability to adapt to the face of her client .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of getting a generation from a client ?
In my mind , it began to rise to the topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Sooner , but should we learn the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Ivy League companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we believed a lot of them , but we didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reframe all of those terms , as it seemed to me , as corporations followed in every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And some jokes : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; Kozoma , &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I started looking at these activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were surprising to me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed money to pay for it , and maybe it helped people make their counterparts to remove their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drivers were looking for remote money , and it was very important .
From our earliest success , Citysearch came when people needed websites .
GoToToTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , discovered when companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the good time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We started a company called Z.com , which was a website advocate .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread rate was slow .
It was hard to see the video on the web , you had to add code to the web and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Even two years later , when the code issue solved Adobe Flash , and as the content of the spreadsheet increased 50 percent , in America , YouTube appeared at the same time .
Great idea , but not real time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that experience is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time for customers is , are they ready for what you have to offer them ?
I hope that these will help you achieve the greatest success measures , and therefore make something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my life as a student , a lecturer , an afternoon , and I joined the students &apos; laughs .
In the middle , I felt very unhappy , unhappy and sad , and I was afraid of other people , the future , the failure and the curiosity that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar when it all started , and I lowered myself up , I lowered my thumb , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but comments and clarity and reality were unambiguous .
&quot; It will open the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to the emergency room . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded , and even after a while , he was strangely friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed that he was resenting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , so the voice was confused .
After a while , the heavy conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear their voices , and the fact that I heard it meant something wrong with me .
I told my university physician about this .
And then I almost got interested in it , and I talked to him about some strange comment .
For example , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge across a university area , and during one particularly frustrating conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
Since that time , I &apos;ve been inspired by a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a terrible , terrifying sense of awareness , awareness and desperation for myself and my future .
When I was committed to seeing that voice not as experiential but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices started to turn upside and forth .
Can you see that glass water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of avoidance , of lack of belief and uncomprehension , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find targets , not detection .
Two years later , my hip was highly balanced .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , uncompromising belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years of age seems like something would have died , but at the same time something was saved .
It started as a destructive and messy person , but the person who delivered it ended up being the enemy and ended up being the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have fascinated me and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same grass , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to avoid all the good and well-meaning people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of this walking , singular place .
It was very hard to believe at first , because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , and it was necessary the first step — to learn the metaphorical meaning of the meaning of the word that I had acknowledged before .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me how to interpret them as my fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice coincidence .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All this knowing , I finally got my part . Every piece had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other hand .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be on the International Hearing Fund , an organization that &apos;s part of International Hearing Voices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she &apos;s seeing votes as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , and not a crime and a symptom of schizop@@
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Cheka , beginning with social change , cannot reverse them .
You cannot recognize the person who is doing the best .
You can &apos;t get people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to rebuild the sense of urgency and unity , giving powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unreliable self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinct to treat himself and the intellectual capacity to leverage that activity .
In this regard , there is no greater pride or privilege for the public to help other people through their education process , to be educated and to raise their hands , to share the suffering and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides within us can never be touched , hidden and remembered .
Light will never collapse .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography caused me to set up my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using camera , it &apos;s more important for planning .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the magnet .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process begins when you break a magnet .
Images like this : road jobs are going on half the way .
But there &apos;s also a mistake .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about generosity that makes this picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But ultimately , it &apos;s the way we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as a reality chart , where different parts of reality can be different to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can relate to in the Third World .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so that it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a distortion of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photography just looks kind of awful .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But by connecting them , they can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from that same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : you don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
that it wouldn &apos;t be possible to tell you how the image was actually created .
So by printing colors and contrasts and lights in translation images , by transferring photoreceptors into blobs of paint and colors , we &apos;re bringing out the lines between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can be constructed from literally hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I came across this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the land was photographed in the star .
Crats are from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yeah , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is plan .
It starts with an idea .
Then we melt , and we put together pictures .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right amount of damage , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that scares us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama shattered the secret name , the golden world of the office .
Suddenly we had a voice .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his child-friendly friend , a violinist .
There are more tickets that are concerned about waiting for new stories , about the spread of another document .
It all sounds like a snowball or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should men care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money in offices and not teach students , that &apos;s less slow for public services , like health care , education , a few sustainability .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this phenomenal asylum .
The media and the political leaders matter how office space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the world in the office is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Foundation has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Hall of Kyani , from Delaware , or Germany , or the Netherlands , we would see more connections with Americans .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to spread their students , their brothers , their investors .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
It was just pre-published meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The point is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the pupils to be dismissed .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So we want the Panama movement to give us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that it &apos;s time for exchange .
It requires business leaders to come together and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to embrace this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the transparency that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flowing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Julian .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , has been going to read more hidden documents than there are snippets in the world combined .
Could that be ?
Julian Assange : Well , could it be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so easily , that a group of activists are able to communicate more information in this way than the rest of the world are writing together .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JS : Well , you can say that these people are classic inputs of information . There is no way they can give us information .
We use the latest methods of encryption to send material to the Internet , without leaving traces , while information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages or not , fixing it as normal news reports , giving us a formula — what &apos;s rarely done is really hard , because language is about the expense of massive amounts of information , and our own separation from the unavoidable laws and political policies .
CA : You guys are trying to make sure the documents are real , but you almost never know what the person is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know personality in very rare situations , and if we find that at some point in time , we &apos;re going to process information as quickly as we can .
( Phone shouting ) Anyway .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an infamous report that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel and Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with one more attack , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and clearly the richest man in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get the information in front of the election — the National Election Office 28 days .
We celebrated the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Mi — so this report to President in Kibaki became an unprecedented mark .
CA : In summary , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not from official media to official media , but improbable . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian first page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighbors , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been heavily burned , and the printing of Kenya .
This news on Kenyan television was broadcast 20 weeks , and , by the way , the assessment of Kenema , 10 percent changed the polling results and lowered the choice overload .
CA : It &apos;s said that your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this task is not different from the sensitive people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody is rewarding .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Great .
Show them when you see them . They &apos;re sad .
Excuse them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Hi . Hi . ( Cheers ) Hi .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
All right , so we killed eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and they &apos;re even heavier .
I got it . I see them .
Two , six , six , go .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . Okay , uh-huh . I kicked them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : Tell the people who did it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
He died from 18 to 26 .
CA : The search for this video has made a universal claim .
How do I think that was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive looking for wisdom to heal and murder the people who rescue haters .
There were two journalists who were really not minorities , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning in the United States , and it turns out that he acknowledged that this video had been transmitted to you and 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cube .
Five days ago , he was offered a judgment for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at an aircraft cabin from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a common denominator in this embassy .
CA : If you had received a thousand cups from U.S. Embassy &apos;s diplomacy .
JA : We would have been looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal a true truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at this hidden cable , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to oversight .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that an organization can put in its output and its output , that &apos;s a good sign , that allows you to achieve something good . The organizations that have that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of work to absorb that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or even societies that information transmission can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , we tend to think of bad immunization policies .
There were times when we had information that you could think of as personal — that you could identify yourself from .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be read , for example , health data , it &apos;s legitimate to be hidden , but our sources that provide information actually have to be done .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if a father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to find out for those unreasonable motivations .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My son isn &apos;t like that . How did you get ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yes , we hear that kind of stuff a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch this video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see this every day .
But video can transform awareness and understanding the people who learn it all , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to shine light on black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly holding your information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have one Wikipedia edit .
We don &apos;t have resources to be dissidents in other countries .
If we did that , it would be a terrible situation for us , but we do our work to get people to feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing what you &apos;re hearing from the TED audience .
It &apos;s understandable that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or the bigger you are , the bigger you are , which is illuminating light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who keeps it big ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying Libya , Johannes , understandable .
We should be more excited . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to an interesting event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is an illustration of our activity , the everyday activity .
By the end of last year , a notebook happened in Albania , a few oil fields like the Gulf of Mexico , just not that big .
We came up with a solution — a specific incident engineering analysis , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various different oil bands collided together .
The battle was won , and part of the Albanian government was involved .
There was no explanation for engineering at the top , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing about , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the documents quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is going for itself .
So we put the paper in the country and say , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just look at it . And this week , we got a letter from the community that wrote a letter to know the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it actually belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they were shot by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches that we &apos;ve targeted to identify or test the material , specifically — hopefully these men will write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yes , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense slow search and technical jobs .
And so the numbers in our publications in the last few months have come down because they &apos;ve become increasingly interested , and now we &apos;re replacing our core systems .
A lot of attention is a problem .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re really excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And what scares the opportunity — is there a lack of willingness to work as journalists , or is there a lack of Slow magazine reporters ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing , and it &apos;s changing the way we think of materials . We need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you how this works .
I would suggest that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the secret , so these two combine ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists will tell you that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young , you were in the middle of the law .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I read a newspaper that I was followed while I was growing up .
So you have to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly branded by the Russian mafia in order to remind you of your old bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer because of the event .
But critical values like this — intelligent , wealthy people don &apos;t leave behind , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant people that I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So smart , smart people don &apos;t leave behind screens , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting fashion , so I can &apos;t really care about growth very well , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could avoid outcasts — which is to provide the right crimes for inmates .
This is a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me just tell you very briefly , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , a bank account , and then the news accounts were funded to tell this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve changed your position .
This gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an innocent story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult battle .
The percentage of the GDP in the country was 10 times higher than the rest of the economy .
Even in the past year alone , we &apos;ve made a discovery .
And the national television station has been used for five minutes to translate , and as a movie says about friendship , it goes into print , and the readers are like , &quot; Never have been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all of that time , on television as a content was shown by our website , and at the very beginning in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this would never happen again , and what happened was that together with some of the Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom speech , where the world &apos;s greatest journalists would be protected , a new move beyond freedom of speech .
Iceland is the northern country , so like Norway , they can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same in the Islands .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it &apos;s going to be — is the Big Bang going to be more serious control , will it be more transparent , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of making both progress ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong incentive to harmonize the right to freedom of expression in order to get more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the task of one or the other pendulum can foster a really big movement in our power to drive one or the other .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you the premise of the audience : Jellan , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Good morning .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , contemporary meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he doesn &apos;t have a violent bone , wanting not to be selected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the bartens of Sanchez Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like aggressive Sex .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Greek person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls fight to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am a girl , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield lawn , immediately in his pocket .
But remember , the ironic thing is the rock , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
Everything together , the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve to be community and nurtured .
And indeed , the implication is more socially correct .
Five million people use it every month .
I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s absolutely sure why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something a little bit more like game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had cars .
People were crying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herooto , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine epic luck and then give people the tools to get there .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a strong narrative . We have skills as a local entertainment , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the reflection of the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is cute .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense of women .
I experienced my beloved self , what value is .
Two and a half years ago , I received an email from my homework .
My head was stroking into the table , I was broke , my right eye was stroking .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was studying , talking to doctors , to scientists , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to remain .
( Applause ) We women are going to be facing this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-female genital mutilation has become equal to men .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treated for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the bathroom would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an inflammatory .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really dressed in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss the tension , I &apos;m going to miss some traffic , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have flown too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if brothers Leonardo were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crazy .
( Applause ) When all the brothers would have walked a couple very friendly and connected , maybe the snow would have noticed the glacier , because it would have been lost in seven or eight hours , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face all the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings us more happiness and gratitude , the efficiency of our lives , the best for our careers , the best for the world .
So I urge you to reach out and find the great ideas that hidden within us , to connect closets and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about having a very serious review .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of birds , a century ago , using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college I graduated from college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were dismissed .
I started training myself and became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to open up the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
It was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not reported .
I had to have something .
The animal &apos;s village was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried knitting .
But for the creation of a large skull , it was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up the hill , and I saw stars pointing my oars down the hill .
Every day I would see it , but once I saw it in that unusual place — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without difficult and exquisite materials .
My first experiencing sculpture was actually designed by combining these words .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately replaced the sculpture .
I found her bright surfaces resonating with every wind I could , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I carried on studying traditional views and collaborating with the amateurs , later in Lebanon and with the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that from beautiful objects , they would become something that could change ...
Back to work in India with stars , we built a network with half a million handbags of rice , and the culture was driven by Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a long-term piece for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them wealthy , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly fruit and vegetables .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet bricks , colors , weather , duration and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the net over the glass in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000-pound peanut button .
We had to design it so that the Greeks could move with the wind and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found some great airplane engineers designing the burn of burning American nuclear weapons , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the double challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because I couldn &apos;t hold my hands down .
So I collaborated with an industrial browser , and I learned about the possibilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language that could have translated that unique flow of old flow to ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two-year-olds were saving 50,000 sq. ft . A net broke .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was building , long and unexpected was no golden aid .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it matters .
We walked through this skull for the first time .
I watched the wind shed off the wind creating choreography , and I felt like I had found a contradiction , and I also found a connection to the screaming sky ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that .
I want to create these sculptural glass spaces for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubbish of Philadelphia : its fragrance , I felt , was needed to be much easier than making a grid sculpture .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by wind , and in the experiment it explained , and also people that could be shared in all of that regardless .
I use this material to create a subway pathway on the ground in real time , like the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connecticulture and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , designed in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the tune of a 35-week vacation and their collection in one slide .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plates of the Earth and repeated the melting of the planets , and by no means , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 , &quot; &quot; meaning a microseconds that the Earth has hidden .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny little net out of a material , 15 times cheaper than a shelf .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build sculptures that fit into skulls .
What they haven &apos;t had yet is funding , but I &apos;ve been dreaming to bring a glimpse into many of the cities of the world where they &apos;re most necessary .
14 years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create a pathetic , scaffolding of the size of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never mentioned the local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to follow this sculpture .
With the bones stuck on the floor , there were wind turbines , surrounded by strangers shouting out the window .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy all of our senses at the same time , and it creates a multi-dimensional view of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I &apos;m an energy creature , an environmental connection , through its right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left female — our left female — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
