In the end of this year , there will be nearly one billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all these people are going to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
Although this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and technology magazine , who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an assumption .
He said , &quot; &quot; Here . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video of the web .
And earlier , I asked that when my body finally released the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would release this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archive . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive would probably have written a better and more thoughtful coordination than many , but in fact , we all
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million &quot; &quot; Three &quot; &quot; is released everyday .
And the average Facebook user makes 90 parts per month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a couple of pictures and images of your home , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud without time , year after year after year after year after year without you .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed some of the services that are being created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media survey after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Alio .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Oh .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but every time , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s the call ?
Death : Go to ifidi.e. , not yet .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How scared am I ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is that they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook during your death .
The other one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , a video and a story that they can post after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he could study more than 90,000 hours of video in his house .
I think while machines can understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , it &apos;s going to be possible to analyze somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content — &quot; &quot; Tvitus , &quot; &quot; photos , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating huge amounts of data .
And I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital selves can continue to be connected to the real world long after we &apos;re going to die , thanks to precisely the amount of content that we create and technology can do it meaningfully .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another company called TVs is analyzing your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions , what you might say in your next news .
Well , now , as you can see , the outcomes can be static .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Fast-forward , the MIT media lab is working to manage robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could combine with the unique characteristics of a single human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and choice in 2008 in America when CNN directly translated to &quot; &quot; will.i.am. &quot; &quot; The hippohop music hologram in his studio was interviewed with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transform our loved ones &apos; representations into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to the way we live , with all the content that was created by that person while they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to exploit both exponentially .
So in conclusion , I think we all need to think , would we want this to be a reality — and if this is what this is going to mean by definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after a career , I call them a reporter .
These are people who have made a career breakthrough to care for the elderly , to grow up , to pursue personal interests or for personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career breakers : soldiers , soldiers , soldiers , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a loss of interaction between workers and reporter .
Working with isolating people &apos;s well-being in their lives , we &apos;re describing them as the risks of their lives , and the people who are taking a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they haven &apos;t worked for a long time .
And this is the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful replacers are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career break , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Coast , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is the longest cross-section of my career .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Three replied to the exhibition of Today Show , which was given to people who tried to come back now but struggled .
Three wrote that there was a mother of five who loved being in the house , but after she got married , she actually wanted to go back to work , because she loved working .
Three did what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She was looking for financial resources or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months seamlessly studying companies online and running for jobs without any oversight results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if there was something that could change .
I first told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public to look for work and tell everyone known to want to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve had lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
And believe it or not .
You &apos;re just a sailor who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; A little bit later , I &apos;ll tell you what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you the discovery that I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career .
The way people look at you is in a tight time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people in your past , with people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we are removed from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after that .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They just remind you of what you were , and it &apos;s a great seduction of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to hear their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t want business news .
My area is financial , and I followed the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that &quot; &quot; restarters &quot; &quot; is the absence of labor force , and here &apos;s why .
We have lower levels of satisfaction , lower levels of work .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the chain of work .
Beyond that , we have energy , and we want to go back to work just because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
The other side of the metal , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have while the reporter is .
First of all , the employees are really excited about the idea of replacing the technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically challenged , it &apos;s just the time .
I used a financial analysis so old that I used &quot; &quot; Flight 1 , 2 , 3 . &quot; &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers that program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worried about &quot; &quot; restarters &quot; &quot; is that they don &apos;t care about &quot; &quot; restarters &quot; &quot; doesn &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not work .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s a stroke or not , but it was a kind of a short-term experience , a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; started a collaborative reintegration program .
I saw a return engineer , an unlimited reintegration candidate , who was running for a first-class mail program in the military , and then they got a full-time job .
I saw two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s a open-source newspaper called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; The Court of 40 . &quot; &quot; And I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college graduates .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; the 50-year-old lawyer . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , the five largest financial services companies have a reintegrated agenda for financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These facilities are paid , and the people who go to the permanent location get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate feedback programs to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Health Intelligence Survey .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to develop real-world examples of work , beyond discussions , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable decision while the staff is not over .
This testing process removes the risks that the leaders take by removing the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think about how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the workers were not interested in establishing a reporter .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for restarters , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their return to the workplace was their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no doubt that there should be a five-cent curriculum .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened to Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father in her community ended up offering a job by Tracy , and it was a bureaucratic service in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would happen to something more , but she couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was April 2011 .
Three of them liked the company and their colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this harvest and hope for the best .
Well , she outlined all of their excuses , and the company not only offered her the latest job in the early 2012 , but made him more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy could do .
And then in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They paid their master &apos;s degree .
She even hired another reporter to work for her .
Three hours of work was a trial , just like a joke , and it all ended up in a joke like Tracy and her work .
My goal is to reintegrate the idea of reintegration by the more they worked .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer a staff or a credit card company that doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other reporter come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
Now I work in the solar industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to get serious about the environment .
It uses crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
It can take some blood vessels .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just pass — I &apos;ll miss the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is yes .
Then , it &apos;s transparent , it &apos;s transparent .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be precise , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of ownership .
And we also hired the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they relate to nothing ?
It &apos;s companies that run more than one country , and we &apos;ve found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects , along with a Data artist Soren Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Daddy &apos;s Phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my keyboard pattern , always asking me to do something for him , as though I was his body &apos;s continuity : to either turn on the light or to bring on the glass water , a packet of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the check was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really shocked me , was the way he used his mobile phone .
He would lift his arms up and hopefully grab a number behind him .
So as the answer and the gift of my check , I built &quot; &quot; Stop the phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that two people have to use it .
It &apos;s like my uncle uses a mobile phone that one person makes .
But when I left home and went to college , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold-plated machine that he could send his instructions to the sons and daughters around the world . Except .
All he needed to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a cage , print out his email and instruction and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a person &apos;s email .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand the mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and received by a ritual aura , like my box and likes .
The next piece , the soundscape , is an institution that we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
So here &apos;s how it works : we put boxes on the wall , and then we put little pieces behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they kind of sneak out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their own necks .
And from the smallest sound , they bounce .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And behind them we hired over 500 of these tiny jewels .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
And as soon as the surroundings become silent , they &apos;re sort of out of the box .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time they become resistant to the sounds of disgust .
They also don &apos;t respond to sounds .
Then you hear the trauma they don &apos;t react to .
( Whistling ) But they &apos;re responding to the first flash . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying to make them live .
So each individual barrier is a behavior , a psychology , a circumstance , a person and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enjoy it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but we noticed that people next to them were playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Dead Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility of harnessing an invisible idea .
How could you experience feeling invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a surveillance system , we developed a software tool that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my friend Serra , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a video that was recorded so that the camera was invisible .
Sir goes into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and moving it around .
This is a very early video of a problem that hasn &apos;t solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then we put it on every wall .
All they did was walk into the room and people would see themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , like a child &apos;s peak oil or sunscreen .
From the front , this object looked very strong and robust , and in between , it was very light .
So people , when they walked into the room , they didn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking , this is just something .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was dozing off to go up the wall .
And then eventually they got tired and tired .
( Laughter ) This is a work by defining a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it would sort of get into the capsule , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It wraps around the head like a headset , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the ground would be very flat , it would be standing around the space .
And there are no spines or spines .
Let me show you an example : People walked into the room , the object activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , to get up in the morning , get up in the morning , and it looks like I &apos;m running over .
And this is an important point , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional wish of helping him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does it again somehow .
This piece was a real technical challenge for us , and so we worked hard and hard , and actually a lot of our work to deal with mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely capture the moment of his critique , because if we had built it so that it would roll , it would be compromised , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it wouldn &apos;t affect the sense of inevitability , so he wouldn &apos;t want to help .
I &apos;m going to show you a very brief clip of what we &apos;re trying to do with this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my friend . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now he &apos;s getting sick , so he &apos;s running out of support .
But it doesn &apos;t really require that because the object is changing itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in , and we &apos;re working with aesthetic element , with a lot of different jewelry displays , like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of the spherical structure of the bowl that we put in the palace .
Our idea was to reconnect something as narrow and remote and abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a football game , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you were looking at this shape like a bowl , and you start to realize it more like a gap in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece , still developed , called &quot; &quot; Space Out . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , as you try to approach , enjoys you in closing , growing into a two-dimensional and eight-legged object .
So this object constantly expands and contracts by maintaining a dynamic relationship with people around it — like trying to protect mystery or something .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we just run into a creative process , it seems to be an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , connection , all the industry , all the business , all the business .
And that happens throughout our lifetime .
I &apos;m sure that one day it will go into the history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yeah , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , security problems , privacy problems .
I &apos;ve spent my career struggling with these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — this is a three-and-a-half-inch disk with a Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been found for a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying buttress sector , and if you look carefully , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the field . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , it &apos;s written , 1986 , Basin and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of Pakistani forces .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or a street to this building , which is the address of 730 Noam &apos;s Book of Allah Iqbal .
I knocked on the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother Ajad is sitting there .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I felt a bit of a pleasure about understanding that both Basin and Asian computers were also infected with hundreds of times over viruses , completely disconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and &apos; 90s clearly no longer have a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve laid down a system here that allows me to leave an old program on a modern computer .
So let me go online and design some tools . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centipede virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundred-year-old child , that happens when you infect this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Sirens sounds ) And the last example of this is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you shake it , the guy will walk behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time that viruses were created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t have minds and teens .
Today viruses are a global problem .
What we have here is our system , which we use in our labor , for example , which we follow the infections in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect our labor systems online again , we can actually see and organize the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest viral that we found on the file , called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the previous one — six seconds ago .
And if you go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
It &apos;s groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a page that works in Mask , where these guys are getting stuck computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these viral computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the bankers who make money from your Internet bankers when they use it , or it can be cyborgs .
The logarithms are constantly hiding on your computer and recording everything you &apos;re going to print .
So you &apos;re on your computer , and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and shifted to criminals .
Every single one of you is protected and shipped to criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is seeds when you go in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you go to an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example of a fool that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card information , you can connect to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a rigorous market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these guys can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL sites and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who came out of Sweden , and his crime partner , who also researched in the INTERPOL lists , like Shaileshman Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys were doing an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal operation , where they stockpiled millions of people .
They both hide away .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. officials complained about the Swiss bank account that belonged to Jain , and in that bank account there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can invest themselves in the future attack .
We know that online harassment programmers , the test themselves , test their code , and they have related systems with SQL data .
And they can enable themselves to look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to get away from any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also benefiting the global quality of the Internet .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go back and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Hungarian family can move around the world .
This surgery , which I think emerges from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They &apos;re changing from one country to another , from one country to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support the law globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free air tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can we actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we have here is one crumbling profile .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old coding failure in which it &apos;s packaged .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting profile on your Windows computer , the wire will actually take control of your computer and run the code .
So if you look at the filament of this painting — this is the frontal end of the painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really pissed off .
And we can go over here and actually evaporate it .
Well , the yellow part of the code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see that at the bottom there , you can see the web address : unionseek.com. / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and leave it behind .
And this is the hidden device that the software will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , after all encryption , as if there &apos;s someone writing .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made him up .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few pins in the labyrinth labor , and one of them said , well , heaven is cool , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Santa Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on phone numbers and automobiles and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian man who &apos;s been on the Internet for a few years , and he &apos;s got his own website , and he &apos;s leading his own website to the popular Live Journal platform .
And in this webpage , he wrote about his life as he lived in Santa Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and more than 400 pounds of wire .
Well , this is a pretty good car for a 20-year-old kid from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
He actually came to the avatar .
In the center of Santa Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put photographs of that event on his website — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were a lawyer , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that way .
The vast majority of online crashes , we don &apos;t even know what the continent is doing .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason , we cannot shrink them .
I &apos;d like it to be simpler , but hey , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they stuck in this thing .
This is Siemens S7-400 PLC programming a logical control block .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , the leaves in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invades one , there &apos;s a major revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any farm , any chemical plant , any food production plant , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very addicted to the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from working computers .
And indeed , there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work even if computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things we understand don &apos;t exist .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating cartoons , things that really matter .
Now I said — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . I do .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the network , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not defending against cybercrime , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more of a global , international law job of trying to find these online harassment groups — these organized groups that are doing millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire departments .
What &apos;s really important is to find these people who are going to be part of this cybercriminal world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but we need to give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I &apos;m a college student , and a friend of mine and I are on a road from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas across national parks and national forests — roughly the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had taken me over the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphics mean that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely clearly .
In fact , the gentleman in the front row ideally misses her facial expression .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in China &apos;s hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just going to look at me for a few moments and then she &apos;s going to laugh , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the Chinese hieroglyphs were gone . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years in my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signals around us , and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about the human condition ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may look like a strange career step , but actually , it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility that we &apos;re wrong .
We understand it abstract .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is flawed — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all the events I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this granular misconception of failure coming out of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we spend time with the family ; we go to choice and vote for the time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , including this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to persuade you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we lie .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally , how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s blue . It &apos;s going to fall below .
Nice . OK , good , good .
Dear , deep down , I don &apos;t like — Thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be embarrassing , it can be embarrassing , in fact , it can be funny , as my stupid mistake is because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean anything .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation where there was an infinite foot running and never helping a bird run ?
Almost every time in this movie , there was a moment when the leg hits the bird , and the bird flicks out of the jar , that &apos;s fine , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like the legs after he jumps out of the boat , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cusp .
So , in fact , I should say something about what I said before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , why we insist on this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to tell us that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Shake your mind shortly in primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher &apos;s pouring out letters , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think about a kid who got that letter .
A stupid kid , a sustainable coworker , who never does homework .
So by the age of nine , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do the right job are expensive , irresponsible , and second , in order to succeed in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — have to deal with this simply by becoming idealistic little decades , idealistic , maximized .
Right , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were terribly afraid of the possibility of doing something wrong .
Because doing something right means doing something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because that &apos;s why we feel smart , responsible , ill and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University , one of the best hospitals in the world .
So this woman comes and goes to the operating room .
She gets painted , the surgeons do their homework — she gets up and takes her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body repaired ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not that part of her body repaired , because the surgeons had a permanent surgery on her left leg instead of the right .
When the president of the Health Office of Beth Israel spoke about this event , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon simply felt that he was right on the wrong side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Now , this story is the premise that overwhelmingly you feel that you &apos;re right on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The medieval sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But this is also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just about to perfect reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us are actually pretty much explaining reality in a similar way — some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it because of the personal purpose .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This entitlement to our rights struggle to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us act compassionately with each other .
But what amazes me most is the tragedy that this is happening to the human being .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our minds are the windows of the visible , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if it were , life would have been incredibly boring .
The magic of your brain is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And yes , we &apos;re wrong too .
In 1,200 years , until Doctor put up the phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called I am , &quot; Sir . Augustine sat down and wrote , &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; Sleep , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can either turn off or off .
That &apos;s the basis of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and all of our creation and diversity .
Last year , for several reasons , I &apos;ve commissioned myself with a lot of the public radio show &quot; &quot; This American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became smart enough to make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this guide , Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
Anyway , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we laugh at each one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that closed theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen by one , and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need there , &quot; &quot; said to Ira Glass , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make sure these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , are missing this .
We like things like straight lines , misleading and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we like failure .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it will happen one way , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought he would collect Iraq with lots of machine destruction weapons that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life until he was too old and through the illness and he could transport his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of the middle school dealer , come back to your city and grow a bunch of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I wrote an incredibly embarrassing book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible narrative about the world around us , and then the world turns around and amazes us .
Don &apos;t worry , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know , why do we need all these innovation and development ?
Because half of those things that were the most mind-blowing and changing world , TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re here again .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
Now , this topic , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a fantastic new discovery .
And to me , if you really want to find beauty , you need to take a step out of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Meir Kane , the Jewish wildlife leader .
Fortunately , these plans were being destroyed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , the bombing of 1993 was not at the center of the World Trade Center .
Eventually , it was destroyed by failure .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my own experience , I say that when people interact with each other , they realize that what we want in life doesn &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he called me and explained to me that the last few weeks he and his friends went to Long Island School to practice suturing .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
The last day , my spiked balloon broke into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , the target broke down .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic and said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Aw . &quot; &quot; What father , too , was his son .
They all seemed very funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire that my father had .
These people ended up being swallowed up with 450 pounds of clothing and shipping at a low-lying station , a global trading center on the north side , which produced fire , killed six people and fled more than 1,000 .
These were the people that I loved .
People I call amum , which means box .
Some of the time in the classroom as a new face , I often used to shout out .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what came to mind ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the 2000 presidential election .
My group was focused on the sadness of the youth because I was aware that I spent a lot of my life , and it was especially exciting for me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the congestion charges , I found out that one of the children I associated was a joke .
Before that , I had no friend &apos;s opinion , and frankly , I felt the delight to be able to go through a barrier that was largely unaffected by most of my life .
The other major step towards openness was to find a summer job at the Bus Garden factory .
And there I was looking at all the people of all belief and culture , and this experience was the basis for educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals make a terrible impact .
I was given the opportunity to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and I realized immediately that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
Children &apos;s experience in me has created a sense of empathy for other people , and it seems to me that it &apos;s unnatural for me to behave with good people , not the way I &apos;d like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare my childhood learning stereotypes with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control what I can &apos;t control .
The other thing was , &quot; &quot; The Day of Christ . &quot; &quot; Next Jon Stewart invited me to be open to myself about my fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian &apos;s judge has made me a more positive outcome than my father &apos;s extremist father has made me not a break .
One day I was talking to my mother about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of hating people . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much effort it would take to hold the unknown in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and maybe put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use violence , will someday hear my story and understand that there is a better way , and although I &apos;ve been involved in this violent , nonorthodox ideology , I haven &apos;t been involved in fanatics .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terror , against bigotry .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that they had in their lives , the terrorism .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to these terrible acts , and I &apos;m going to disengage my father &apos;s action .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that sadness is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked in my pocket , I realized I had no legs .
In fact , I could see them through the window at the dining room table where I left them and left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried other doors and windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because in the morning , I had a front cover to Europe , and I needed my back and my suitcase .
As I got deeper and deeper , I found a big rock , and I crossed the corridors , took out the glass ceiling , stuck it inside , found a piece of cardboard , and with the pendulum , I put it in a glass ceiling , thinking in the morning , I could call the furniture to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not as cheap as a sandwich waiter in the middle of the night , so I thought , surroundings , things like that .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by my profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They &apos;re separating the cartilage that makes the heart pound , and it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
This is me crossing home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a breath , I flew back into the air conditioning , and I was sleeping , but they were already giving my place to someone else , so he &apos;s putting me in the back of the plane next to the toilet , in a seat that doesn &apos;t remind me , on the eight-ht-hour window .
Well , I had time to think for eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started thinking , can you do anything , set up systems that protect you from these kinds of bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but my mind didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was lying down , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passport , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a method by a psychologist called Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , also known as the study of contemporary disgust .
You all know what a study of failure is .
When a team of experts fails , they come in and they try to figure out what happened .
So what I want to talk about today is a couple of things that we can think of as a recent study .
Some of them are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simplicity .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does convey a lot of science behind how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developed for thousands of years , to be able to follow important points — where there &apos;s a hillside where you can find fish , that area of the trees where there &apos;s a friendly and opposite sex .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that &apos;s exposed to drivers like London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the insects to find their own shells .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smoked the smell perfectly , and they kept finding sharks .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using hippocampus , which is a perfectly developed brain mechanism for finding things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , that aren &apos;t moving very well .
And so we lose sight of the car , or the eyes of the reading and the back .
So take your place inside your house — a cabin at your door , maybe a decorative piece .
For example , concrete blocks .
The desks are a special table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , your passion , to send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or successful , you &apos;re going to be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed , the brain is dividing the cartoon .
The cortex is delicious , and it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal lobe analysis is is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday we will all end up in a situation where we have to make a very important decision about our treatment of the arts or helping them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , and even financial solutions , or social solutions — to any kind of solution that will overcome the rational assessment of facts .
So you go to your doctor , and she says , &quot; Once I got the lab results , your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk for heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol level isn &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will help reduce cholesterol load . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
It &apos;s the numbers you need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or other therapy to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And that &apos;s not the fault of the doctor , if anything about it and the fault , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to do most of the time for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people need to use it so they can afford it ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that takes years to recover from heart failure , insults , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another intervention , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : following the pain of muscles and neck pain , pain and shirt production — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not very likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take the medication . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember , stress is not something you can think straight about .
300 people use a drug . One drug works , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be treated than to be treated .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to offset you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to offset you .
Most surgeries , for men under the age of 50 , give prostate cancer , the number we need to survive is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we did one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , their erection disorder , their secrecy disorder , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re successful , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to think about questions that would seem to suggest that the conversation would move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without suffering , or do you want a longer life that can get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things you need to talk about right now with your family and loved ones .
You can reconsider the coincidence , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need the upper echolocation system or liver system , or immune system , because if the body of these particles undermine its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that all of us don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing violence or taking the path to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Monrealia , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s department to set up a coding track next to my door , with a cap on the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a crack of postcards that I didn &apos;t paint and a crack of letters that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not completely confused , but I see sustainability as a gradual process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union hired a large object in an uninhabited area .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in the history of space .
The rocket was a giant rocket .
With the same background as the current bubble in the middle , two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will be there to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco da Game and Columbus were lucky enough to find new lands .
Now we have the good fortune to discover space .
And it &apos;s going to make us happy in the future . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; my fifth documentary , which is almost over .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After Sputnik was launched , it created all the complexity .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and humiliation that people finally put something into space .
But after three days , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our endeavors had influenced us in science and technology , and now they can push us through the water bombs using Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crashes , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He saw weapons .
It &apos;s about the consumption of space .
Congress &apos;s funding has gone up very rapidly in a single year : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik &apos;s impact has been much more than weapons manufacturing .
For instance , some of you may remember that day of June 1958 , the National Security Council , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were buried underground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans will die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For instance , some of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , education , scores have grown dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of RNA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary shows how a free society can be impacted by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change what seems to be a very disadvantageous situation in which , roughly , America has even benefited .
&quot; &quot; Sputnik &quot; &quot; is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the wheel and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working for 44 years at the University of Technology .
The third condition is less visible .
Is it all there ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : seats , rocks , seals , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they would be shifted to war .
These things were discovered in captives in my native state , and even when we were speaking , experts were reinventing bodies of mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest trailer we &apos;ve ever found .
During the four collapses of the Cold War , the collapse of Bosnia in the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died , and then 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The Industrial Rights law enforced several fears of human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their passion , their cultural heritage , and ultimately , the same idea that they had never existed , ever existed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be cases of death that are more robust than their bodies or our easier to recover .
Our goal is not to be recognized by one body .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the cars carry with them to the execution are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the record and protected .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
The experts of these things are using them as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also using them as very valuable assets in the victims of war crimes .
The life expectancy is sometimes asked to figure out what these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an extraordinarily complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them , when they &apos;re difficult or simply sufficient , removed from our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I set out to photograph every single object in order to create a visual archive that can easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people where things go .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , aggressive and purposeful reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and knowing these things makes us a little bit more aware of each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the expert on the right , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that is as close to all of us as the next document can be .
One day , when all individuals come to an end , there will only be body swimming in their pocket and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did — I photographed the entire month every day .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide a lot of pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that we &apos;re doing .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re most involved in the field of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try and define some of the experiences that we &apos;re aiming for each of these works .
The first project is called Loyage .
The audience sort of enters the room and immediately touches these posters immediately on the wall .
Within a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer is watching her , she seems to be following along and stopping in a gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So this is the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century , the alter chart , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Maltese abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an idea of scale , the biggest slope is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest form is A4 .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to live in their space , it &apos;s as if the viewer is reflected in the space of the viewer , and it becomes palliative and self-conscious as she is , like , sensing being or moving in a room when she and she stops her position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the observer kind of creates a sense of balance between the claws , but it can also be , quite frankly , that the claws themselves are so tightly balanced by the rules of thumb that they &apos;re , sort of , attached to the screen pattern .
This brings me to a more recent , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page attached to a remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a sheet of paper , which is held up by two small arms that have been held together by both sides of attention and attention from a tiny fraction of the medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves very , very little , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without disturbing the long run , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability is very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips of one after the other .
One is through a running camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you immediately see how the unstable form of video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just downloaded the camera and turned the motion on the faucet .
Here &apos;s a video .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to define the gesture of the cube , as if behind this giant paper page is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s as if it &apos;s related to the number of babies that you have to do this service and very delicately present this piece of paper to the observer in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like a tank — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So as the viewer walks past him , he sort of covers from one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer and closer as the person gets closer .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is , when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is a full-blown Masali body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory like a vaccine or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working out of a very personal space , we like this kind of consumer aesthetic that kind of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of distance with our image .
And so for us , it &apos;s a very dangerous creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; Sleep . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape that is made out of the size of the auditorium that the person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this size , and the audience is sort of occupying my whole field of view .
In Audience , there are 996 little boxes .
They learn mechanically by choosing .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spend as powerful and as long as they want to be affected by those around them or how they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , the response begins .
It can be a bunch of claims or claims , and then no one happens until the viewer gets off the stage when the audience replies again .
It can be anyone from a few weak bands in the audience or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complex and variety of musical notes or soundscapes , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there is a sense of urgency and a sense of urgency and uncertainty .
It also has characteristics and parasites .
So here , if you see us , we &apos;re very happy , because of this image being shared in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called Raven &apos;s Principle .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and you can see it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create a self-portrait or a network that sits in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
It &apos;s also made up of three different dimensions , like you would have a kind of perspective or a curvature in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first on the road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complex network , we wanted to give the characteristics of the needle and the needle in a way that was physically consistent with the needle .
We like the idea that these shapes dance around like they &apos;re in love and they have no care , like they &apos;re restless and comfortable , as long as they &apos;re feeling the movement from one side to the next .
So this is a project that challenges itself .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very gray network , which is like prison , but also retreat , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and naive and worry about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these true life-forms that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very lucky to collaborate with the Civil ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement patterns from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the head to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it appears on my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw him in the studio working , and here he is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week , you do enough that later on in harder days , you expect everything to be out . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened to every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to do for years .
I knew that the regular labor regime doesn &apos;t work .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to switch on the summit ridge as if I &apos;m going to step under the tent .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s very special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
And one morning I woke up , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing I could do was write 90 pages in 72 hours , I broke down not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , slow down like a movie , and I swam by the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a writer and a web writer .
I wrote a blog called Wait .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I found a MRT scan lab that painted my brain and injured the brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the neocortex .
( Laughter ) And here we go ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There is a difference .
What does it mean for the public ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do this while this happens .
&#91; It &apos;s time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but this is not what the monkey does , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read the stuff on Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there will be no room for any serious work .
The great apple is not the one to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only care about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works great .
( Laughter ) And the monkeys are just one more kind of animal .
You need to emulate , upset and upset the fetus , and all of that in life would have changed .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another animal in our brain — the Rational Society of Resolution — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to do things that are fun and easy to do , like , having dinner or going to bed , or enjoying a sustainable pool .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get confused .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things called a collective image .
And there is a conflict .
I call it the Silicon Spoon .
This is a freedom behavior where freedom function shouldn &apos;t occur .
When the monkey is running , the question is , how do the monkeys end up in the blue areas , not in the kind of remote areas where important things happen ?
It turns out that a predator has an carbon array that , from above , views it at the hardest times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I agree , but let &apos;s do a Google Earth scene , and let &apos;s take a picture of India up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , the TED people decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking out of the mind , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , Panic Monster is missing her — duck , she &apos;s missing !
And finally , the rational decision maker can take a leap and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the behavior of an unusual predator , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write the first letter of the talk , and then with the magic carpet , it doesn &apos;t go all night and write eight pages .
This is a situation with three characters , a delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the response struck me .
People got frustrated and wrote about how the procrastination affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people end up in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payload .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing , less about it than about laughing , shorter lasting with words .
It &apos;s mostly lived in silence and one .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and recovery .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term focus has turned them into views of their own lives .
They were angry not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even begin to get there .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my view , there were no non-disclosers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe you &apos;re not as naive as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : the monkey froze when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window for every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used them .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re actually paying for , because we &apos;re paying for something in every life .
We must not forget the Magna Carpet .
This is the work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , it &apos;s the kind of work that we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Senison , who was recently convicted of the Congress of Homeland Security in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken his way into the medical puncture series .
And the amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of the war , one of the evacuation physicians on the countryside had a GoPro camera on the countryside , and they captured this case .
This is a picture of Captain Synson bringing a destroyed warrior into a cockroach .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s old-fashioned love , and I want to know why there are no people around me that I &apos;ve interacted with ?
On the vertical axis , we prioritize people who are willing to donate to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve to the wars .
Those better people are willing to communicate .
But that &apos;s not the case .
I had a great honor to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were willing to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is hard because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do it .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s weather , whether it &apos;s resource weather , or whether it &apos;s tiger weather , all these forces act to reduce our lifespan .
So we become social animals , we live together , we work together , what we call safety rates , in the grass where we feel part .
And by feeling secure , the natural reaction was natural — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that something from a benign security is at risk .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology to overcome your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or step out of business , but at least try to get your program done and get your business done .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces are constantly working , and they &apos;re not going away .
The only change is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where the leadership becomes important because the tone is the leader .
I was on a plane , and I was on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a climbing call behavior with him as a pushcart peddler .
He was upset that he was trying to get a little bit too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us humans ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Well , it &apos;s a word .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said .
You don &apos;t trust your leaders .
We like to share &quot; &quot; Southwest Airlines &quot; &quot; not because there are better employees .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to consider time and forces to be separated from each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be that way ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their self-confidence , the ability to try and push back , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump , which is a tech company in New York City , so this person tells you that when you have problems in your family , are you thinking about being able to leave one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
If you go to Next Jump , you will never be released by failing tasks .
And that &apos;s why so many people feel so instinctively unsettled and demanded for these bank managers who receive inproportionate equations and prizes .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they understood the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated the terrible rules of social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or the $ 250 million prize for Mother Teresa ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will .
Different leaders do nothing at all .
They name numbers .
They &apos;d make a number of cars by the name of the people .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , &quot; &quot; Barry Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company was very affected by recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of all its assignments .
In a large manufacturing company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the power of work .
They had to save 10 million dollars , and like most companies today , the government was able to ask the question of debt .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And the heart of the workers , and the heart numbers are much harder to reduce .
He was determined to run a report program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the manager , were asked to leave four weeks of unpaid leave .
They could choose , however , four volumes in a row .
He said it was better for everybody to regret after a while , than for someone to regret , and in that way he stole the work morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they say , because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be driving those people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear the story of several warriors in the middle of the war , and as the warrior was adopted , the head of the Commissioner was eating the last and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they were stopped eating the food suppliers .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to make sense of this , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their own citizens to be safe , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will suffer for us .
They give their blood , their hands and sharks to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your clothing and your shirt on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization we all want to work with ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The hardest problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education took place as a way of helping her work in remote , local indigenous communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of cities , life with many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
And on these journeys , my grandmother complained a line in Kiplingo , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find this .
Go find Calais .
Something that goes beyond mountains .
Please forgive me and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; After six years , I became a medical student .
One hundred children born all over the world have some heart disease .
Part of this , I think , can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with immortality .
The birds have to survive inside the mother .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the lung blood .
When you &apos;re born , that relationship has to stop .
If that doesn &apos;t happen , the child has a heart attack .
It leaves the present and the genetic condition .
But we know today that oxygen shortage is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on this graph , the number of holes on this graph is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it looks like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Moses was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t get out of the field was a green avocaust skull .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that skin as a form of movement for our first invention .
It can be done with children &apos;s hearts .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to make the key to this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter is moving his heart .
And one of them made a difference .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking , wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with one of us , we felt very passionate .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the altitude of the patient is different because the amount of carbon between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated in time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We come back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Over the years , local women used to tell the story of writing complex letters with glasses and unexpected furniture to help us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we created a design that was made out of a strong material that recorded the form .
It seems to us right now that the audience is enabling us to create a disruptive device that doesn &apos;t work because it &apos;s only done in one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to process .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
Our device reveals itself , and it stands in place with a supply chain .
We have this beautiful institutional system that is simple to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
This is a child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure still takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful to look at medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the former patients are part of our team , a team , because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always a lot of problems .
We receive the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly recover power and courage is driving creativity .
Our goal is to make sure that no child is left behind for a lifetime , not for pay or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We &apos;re going to bring one device to make sure that every child gets treated .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that is impossible , and we will spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Motito .
Water and electricity were as unexpected as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends in the sun .
The Limpopo sun is good for the wind .
When we got married , a friend of mine says , &quot; &quot; Well , why doesn &apos;t anyone have something you can put on your skin and not have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought this thing . &quot; &quot; And I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases have been followed by conditions like this , and the core of these diseases is called delicious .
It &apos;s a poison in the eye that causes the bladder when the eye is bathed , and some of the infections that are lost can completely change .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that preventing severe infections need to swim the face : no drugs , no pollutants , no injections .
When I read that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like heating , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have any laptop than the Internet , you know how much I used Internet cafe for 20 bucks a hour — I went to Wikipedia and I went to Google
It looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , OK , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote a patent on my phone too , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I found nothing more to add — ( Laughter ) I found DryBath , the world &apos;s first ever world &apos;s world-changing refugee .
It falls on the skin and doesn &apos;t need a damage .
( Laughter ) I was basically trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , went to college , met a bunch of people , got a lot of practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can put in the market , and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t deserve products at large .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the boxes he needs , and he uses one cigarette every day , even though that &apos;s more expensive .
So we started DriBath on a small innovation .
Please go through the middle and print .
The fun part is that one replacement therefore stands for a lecture for five choices .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realize that even richer parents want to use DriBath on a weekly basis . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can harvest 80 million liters of water every time you spend your childhood , you can harvest two hours a day for kids in a village — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw this global benefit , we were able to identify the basic functions of our product , which was clean and adaptive .
DriBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and poor man is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried a product , and now we &apos;re ready to launch it , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to bring the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience in Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to summarize a way that people don &apos;t get paid .
What &apos;s stopping you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was Google picked me out of one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to embrace this gift , and the strangest thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was on sabbatical and then went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve seen a white coat and I &apos;ve seen patients .
During that one month , two things struck me .
I asked myself , will this happen to the decline in spending , or will we forget the patients ?
A lot of the countries that you stand up to , and where I come from , they have health problems .
It &apos;s a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Other drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get the patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are , in some sense , the targets of governance .
There are many cost-effective solutions in health care that are accessible .
You take an expensive lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So if you reduce the health care costs , you reduce the health care costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my other colleagues are summon .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize healthcare ?
And we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to do ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the health care system , and we need to do it with very limited resources .
We call it health care .
On the screen , you see what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of the treatment of the patients are related to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg in the book .
In this picture , you see my wish by three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the transformation that we saw .
Compared to a country of hospitals , you can find incredibly good , but the worst numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My famous uncle Eric suffers from a simple cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , it can travel to Germany , encouraging the health care system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the likelihood that he will not be able to afford the treatment is about 50 percent , so he should be able to start using sanitation again .
It &apos;s like tossing a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of money or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s interview and talked about what the procedure they used to do with a keyboard .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal workflow clubs that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operations are different .
Everybody says , &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and they agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the quality of a club operation ? &quot;
And when they did , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal pill , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They donated data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it made sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
And every year they would come together and say , what &apos;s the best thing ? What &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s a tremendous improvement .
For many years , the Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , find the best , start the study , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
It &apos;s sustainable improvement .
But it &apos;s not the only happy side .
It &apos;s just a exciting thing .
If we recall the cost impacts on the level , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the smallest expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of the club surgery , and a few years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We looked at OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
Most diseases in the United States are smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurement and estimate its quality up to the middle of the OECD , it would save 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say , these numbers are incredible , but although everything makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The health care system , the doctors and the sisters .
The only thing they have in common is they care about what they do , in terms of the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like other people &apos;s recognition .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the next hospital , and they discuss why this other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see in this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a large global community in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
With two academic institutions , Michael Porter , Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me that cheating is not an exercise , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Heritage Consortium .
We bring the best doctors and the patients together , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we need to compute and turn the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pains , medical artery illnesses , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the kids working on this laptop .
This is the first time that we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
In the next year , we &apos;re going to test eight diseases , 16 more years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease .
Two things like that . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control institution suddenly to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in the classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients to be able to treat effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
And so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the line stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut down the fence , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Stebint &apos;s health value , which is not only costly , but also the results that patients see , we can make individuals in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can start translating , and I think the adviser of modern medicine , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient was always the most important , smiling their hat .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are most pressing for the success of companies , the effects that are really important for companies to succeed .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them into a starting company , they can unlock the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is that great , why are they so much fun ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain modest , to avoid some of my feelings and perhaps some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been creating business for 12 years now , when I first went to school , I sold a sanitary pad on a bus stop , when I was in high school , making solar power tools when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I &apos;ve tried to see which are the most effective for companies succeeding and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment when you first come up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the practice , adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote the polar bear Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets in the face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s also true for business .
The mastery of the team most shows the ability to adapt to the face of the client .
The customer is real .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , how does a generation get from a client ?
And it started to dawn on my mind that maybe it was the most successful influence .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea too early , and the world unprepared for it ?
Are we going to start , but should we learn the world ?
I looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — they made a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we were very hopeful for them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resign all of these insights , and it seemed to me that companies were following every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not the ideals of companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a couple of jokes : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; Code , &quot; &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Flooz &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were surprising to me .
Country 1 was time .
Time was 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company was just at the height of the recession when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people make their opponents out of their homes to strangers .
Same thing with Uber .
Voters were looking for more money , and that was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , found out when businesses were looking for ways to attract coercion .
We thought the idea was perfect , but actually time was more important .
And then some of our failures .
We founded a company called Z.com , which was an online manufacturing company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of connectivity was slow .
It was hard to see the video on the Internet , you had to add some code to the browser and do other things , and the company finally got off business in 2003 .
Two years after the problem of coding , Adobe Flash solved the problem of coding , and as the number of codes of connection increased 50 percent , in America , there was YouTube at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in conclusion , I would say that practice is really important .
Ideas are also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
And I hope that this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and therefore do something wonderful about this world that otherwise would have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . There was a lot of hope for me , and I was happy to start my college life , reading , dinner , getting into college laughter .
In one , I felt very unhappy , unhappy and sad , and I was terrified of other people , of the future , of failure and despair that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started . I was preparing myself for support , I was holding my breath , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , saying , &quot; She &apos;s out of class . &quot;
I felt there was nothing around , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he stayed there for days and weeks , commenting on the third person .
&quot; She goes to the lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , he was angry and even , after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was hiding and hiding often because I was angry , the voice was getting angry .
And after a while there was a ferocious talk , that ordinary people don &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard him meant that something was wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctors .
And then I was desperately interested and helpful , so I told him about a strange comment .
So for instance , I was working at a television set of students who were transferring knowledge across a field of university , and in one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been imprisoned in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by a nasty , agonizing sense of hopelessness and hopelessness about myself and my future .
When I was tempted to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire to vote increased .
And then I was basically aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a Civil War , and I started hearing more voices , and these voices were contradictory and dangerous .
Do you see that glass water ?
It started with fear , prevention , uncertainty and misunderstanding , and it was a circle in which I felt helpless , unable to find targets , not perceive acceptance .
Two years later , my condition was highly confused .
I had all the unexpected repertoire : lousy voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unexpected beliefs .
Now , remembering those ugly years , it seems like something was going to die , but something was saved .
The tribe was once shattered and bestowed by the person , but the person who was ultimately destroyed and ultimately grew up with the person I was allowed to become .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories reflect back on the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes all the way to May , but in the summer it always comes . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough for all the good and generous people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that , because the voices seemed counterintuitive and dangerous , it was essentially the first step to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the vocabulary that I believed in it .
For example , the voices that were threatened to kill my house , I learned to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real voice coincidence .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
All of this knowledge ended up stacking my parts , and each of these pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
I &apos;m now proud to be on the International Hearing Vices Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mario Rome and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like a survival strategy , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to be understood . It &apos;s a complex , meaningful and important
It &apos;s not just possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
In terms of Chinese words , beginning with social change , they cannot reverse them .
You cannot deny the person who makes you better .
You cannot engage people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a voice network in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to communicate the sense of urgency and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that fundamentally provides the path for unspeakable personal belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , a dedicated piece of anatomy to healing yourself and an intellectual ability to utilize that capacity .
In this view , societal peoples are not greater honor or or of the privilege of helping other peoples take their leisure , being a victim and raise their hand , sharing their soul and giving hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What lies inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
Light never gets off .
As a wonderful physician once said to me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photography .
But is this photography ?
Because obviously these are photos that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography caused me to embark on my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
This resisted my desire to draw , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you photograph the process , you end up with a pause .
So for me , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you pause .
Shoots like this : road work is going on in the middle of nowhere .
But there is also mistrust .
And nevertheless , reality is safe .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These pictures require a brief reflection moment to understand a limb .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Does it have to do with detail or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What creates an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done in a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s actually not real , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a kind of a blend of reality , in which different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But connecting in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional to exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illogical .
I see the same thing connecting photographs .
It &apos;s simply a diffusion of reality .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our daily lives .
But when you download the photos , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in the other case , the photograph just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not special .
But connecting them together can create something like this .
So , rule number one : cumulative images should be photographed from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they &apos;re photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : it doesn &apos;t have to be identified where different images start and where they end up , and the image has to be resolved .
You couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors and contrasts and lights in packaging and image dissections , by sending photographs of fecal feces as a field , by combining color and texture , we &apos;re removing the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can be constructed from hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom half is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for a compromise to those ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in the winter , I knew I had to plan for a few months , find different parts of the box .
For example , fish were photographed in a fish .
Crowds are different places .
The vertical portion is taken in the base of the stone .
And yeah , I even put my house on the red hall to look sweet .
So in order to achieve the realistic result , I think design is important .
It always starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we melt , combine the images together .
And here , each part is very well-crafted , planned .
If it &apos;s successful at delivering what you need , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Once upon a time , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a first-mover .
There are more rich people who are concerned about the recent stories , about the recovery of one more documents .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should they care ?
In fact , if the wealthy and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay taxes , it leaves less light on public services like health care , education , climate change .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this public discourse phenomenon .
The media and the political leaders are wondering how the official space can be used to hide their settlements , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the open-source world is kind of glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Company can be in another company , and that company can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s very difficult to do justice , and institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not correlate with the news in the United States .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding behind slow dunes .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , Delavore , Germany or the state of Nevada , we would see more connections with Americans .
The privilege in America is to allow refugee camp workers to spread their students , their dirges , their investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an officer looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , but there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for dissent from taxes .
Unfortunately , the United States is coming .
So we would like the movement of Panama to give us a glimpse into the open world of the United States and the world .
We , Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for prevention , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Johannes .
It &apos;s estimated that your kid WikiLeaks , over the past few years , are going to have more hidden documents than the entire world is writing together .
Could it be that way ?
Johannes Anuj : Well , can it be that way ?
The concern is that the entire world &apos;s print works so simple that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts of the world combined .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JS : Well , you might say that these people are classic closed information providers , and there &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We &apos;re using state-of-the-art encryption methods to get the message sent online , without leaving tracks while information is being sent to countries like Sweden and Belgium , justice and legal protection .
We get information from electronic shelters , simple messages , or no , we check it out like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — which is rarely difficult to do , because speech is about the release of massive amounts of information and our own separation from the unavailable law and policy .
CA : It turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but you &apos;re almost never knowing what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we do know that at some stage , that &apos;s the kind of information we &apos;re dealing with as quickly as possible .
( Phone clapping ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think that &apos;s where the CDC stands for being at TED . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a few years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret savings account that the Kenyan administration announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they said this study , and with one more coalition , they spent about two million pounds .
Given information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and clearly the richest man in Kenya .
This was the dawn of journalism in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we had the election , of the National June 28 .
We released a report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to embark on the person he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — so this report to President Kibaki became an absolute hit .
CA : So in closing , you might say that the accounting information has been made in Kenya not by the official media , but by the way , by the way . What you think it has changed the outcome of choice ?
JU : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian first page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And then a few days later , it was released to the press of Kenya .
This news in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the data of the Kenyan Federation reported 10 percent of the vote and the voter elected it .
CA : Well , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) K. Anderson : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the air conditioner .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this noise is not about people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you could , everybody thought .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after another ...
I got it . Okay . Here we go .
Tell me when you saw them . Shake .
Shake it all .
First , anger !
( Crackling ) Hi . Hi . ( Crackling ) Hi .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; clouds , and we &apos;re still cheering .
I understood . I see them .
two-six , two-six , we move .
Oh , sorry . What happened here ?
Afterwards , Kyle . Okay , ahh . I beat them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
J. Asance : The response to those who did it was serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first attacks that took place .
CA : There were 11 people who died in this attack , right ? According to the two activists of the Reuters agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
They died from 18 to 26 .
CA : The search for this video has made a global appeal .
What was the main cause of dissatisfaction , I think ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen the wrong power .
These are the people who walk down the street carefully , and Apache thinks that a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill people to save the damn things .
There were two journalists who were really not minorities , they were working directly .
K. Anderson : Bradley Manning was taken by an analyst of viewing in the United States , and he claimed that this video had been handed over to you and 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
J. Asance : We refused to accept these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 300,000 pounds of coverage and a 50-pound scan .
In the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at the U.S. Embassy Club , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common visitor in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables .
JU : We would have chosen it . ( CA : Really ? ) JU : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of the Arab country , definitely the damage of human rights in those states .
And if you look at this closed-loop cable , this is what the image looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What &apos;s your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information can be reached by translation .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations don &apos;t have efforts and resources is going to go out , and that &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , an organization that provides that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , a lot of jobs to keep that information secret .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but that &apos;s what the journalistic story is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals , or to a whole society , that information eradication can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I want to say that we hold bad policies .
There were cases where we had information that you could think of as a person , that you could identify with .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data , that &apos;s the right secret , but our sources that provide information actually have a basis for doing that .
K. Anderson : You have to do that .
And what would you say , for example , if the father whose son is serving his son in the US military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to find out about the reasons he did not know .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people around the world that the American War is not humanitarian .
Actually , it isn &apos;t . My son isn &apos;t . How are you guys ? &quot; &quot; What would you say about that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear a lot about these things .
But remember , the people of Baghdad , the people of Iraq , the people of Afghanistan , don &apos;t have to watch this video every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way people think and understand it , and that &apos;s what our hope is .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets of others , you yourself secretly maintain your own information source ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia proposal .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be in other places .
If that were the case , it would be a bad situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
K. Anderson : I would love to know — from what we &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience thought .
It &apos;s understanding that there might be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s action .
Or greatness , the height of compassion , with light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who time the conductor ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JS : Well , friendly . You should be .
K. Andersen : This is a remarkable leopard , Johannes .
We should be more polite . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What &apos;s the interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do every day .
Last year , at the end of the month , a few oil spills have happened in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , but not that big .
We got a report — a particular coincidence engineering analysis , in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competitors , from some of the oil spills , were able to generate building blocks .
That battle was taken , and some of the governments of Albania were involved .
There was no explaining information at the top of an engineering report , so we were particularly complex documents .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil companies are doing for their own purposes .
So we put the paper in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week , we got a letter from a community that said , &quot; &quot; To know where the document is . &quot; &quot; ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What documents are you talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to have a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID part , they shattered the documents .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s as if one of our approaches to identify or to examine content , specifically to these men writing letters to us .
CA : Have you been given information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have been declining because of a lot of interest , we &apos;re now reinventing our major systems .
The problem with attention deficit disorder .
And just like any initial organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we &apos;re getting a tremendous amount of information that goes on and on and on , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what defines the likelihood — or lack of employment by journalists , or is there a lack of researchers ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are an organization that is rapidly growing , and that is driving the way we make materials , and we need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest security information , and also with much smaller information .
K. Anderson : To give you a sense of how you got to that action .
You had to be taught in 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be that way ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the secret , so these two combine ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to get hurt .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and quite young people got into the eye of the law .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I was a very young activist .
I was leaving a newspaper that I was following while I was growing up .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied to multiple activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly mapped by Russian aid workers who want to sacrifice your old bank account .
So this word is not as pleasant as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re paying attention to somebody else &apos;s old bank account . What &apos;s your core value ?
Can we get them to name us , maybe tell us what kind of event did they take for granted ?
JS : For this event , I couldn &apos;t answer .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , generous people don &apos;t leave behind , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other minds , from people I met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people , who don &apos;t run out of their clothes , care about them ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m a fighter , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd very much , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crowds , that &apos;s to give the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a bruise that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , a bank account , and then the news agencies were busy telling this story .
Instead , they gave you status .
That gave you a great population in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : It &apos;s a story that &apos;s not fair .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
The banking industry was 10 times bigger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last few years , we published a story .
And the national television station has been used for five minutes until the transmission , and as a movie does , he knows about friendship , and the readers are like , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was broadcast , and we were getting very impressive in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this was never going to happen again , and the result of that was that alongside some of the Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom writer , in which the world greatest would be a journalist , a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is the northern country , because , like Norway , it can enter the system .
A month ago , these legal acts were identical in Iceland .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it will be — or will Great Brothers even be more serious about control , will there be more secrecy , will we observe the Great Brothers , or can the process proceed both ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure why we &apos;re going to succeed .
There &apos;s a strong punishment in order to harmonize the right of freedom of expression to find more transparency — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What shall we do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because the challenge of one direction or another can undermine a very small movement in our power to go one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the premise of the audience : Johannes , be calm , and let &apos;s talk about your power .
JU : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Not a bad day .
My name is Ulludes .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to talk to you about a project I call Desperate Magic .
I took a picture and I presented a new meaning today , talking about me in Russia about the issues facing people that aren &apos;t models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he claims he &apos;s dancing and he &apos;s carrying a violent bowl , wanting not to be separated by classrooms like he doesn &apos;t have a person .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nike , one of the bars of Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you . &quot; &quot; quote Halco from the film , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his feeling , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be overwhelmed by women and to look like an aggressive Halek .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the facial expressions and I play with words : the irony , the Iron Man , the equivalent of the person .
( Laughter ) In the artifacts , I ask the social questions that face me in Russia .
The interesting thing about marriage in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19 year-olds , are already ready and dreaming of waking up .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly , and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me in the middle of a fighter in Mexico , with a wetsuit , with a wetsuit , with nothing in my suit .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the games world , we do more .
And together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolve to be more social and more generous .
And in fact , that consequence is more complex social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
This is a problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve .
He works wonderful . He believes why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the game more real .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had vacuum tubes .
People were getting sick . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills like local control , knowledge creation , wealth , vision and resource thinking .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up millions of big ideas that are hidden in us right now .
And that little idea is nice .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of women .
Women who don &apos;t stop there .
I experienced beauty in my heart .
About two and a half years ago , I got out of service .
And I threw my head into the table , and I threw my thumbnail , my right eye had to turn .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I &apos;ve been teaching , talking to physicians , scientists , and here I am to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to escape .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We will reach height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern matching has become gender equality .
I recently had dinner with a man who had been treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were married five , the dinner would be a little more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an inflammatory .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really pissed off in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; Well , I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss the theme , I &apos;m going to miss some calls , and we &apos;re going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it seems to me that if the teenagers of Lehman were brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bankrupt .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be walking a couple very bright and connected , maybe the seed would have noticed a glacier because it would have been washed up after 7.5 or eight hours and could have seen a shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more joy and gratitude , the effectiveness of our lives , the best of our careers , to the world .
So I urge you to explore and find great ideas that hide within us , unlock the walls and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about having a very strong imagination .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly common material , a web of pigs , for years , using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious , scalable forms , much like the buildings of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture or engineering or architecture .
In fact , after I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of them were displaced .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to display the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabuba .
The last day of the show , but my paintings were not reported .
I had to take something .
The village was the sound of its own voice .
So I tried weaponry .
But it was too difficult and too expensive to create a large sculpture .
I walked up the mountain to the beach , and I saw stars popping their oars into the speakers on the sand .
Every day I would see it , but once I saw it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without harsh materials and cheap materials .
My first enjoyable sculpture was actually created by collaborating with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Please Digital . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her shiny surfaces , separating with every wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I continued to teach the traditional classes and collaborate with the amateurs , later on in Libya and with the news crews .
I loved the detail that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that they would become , from the point of view , something that would change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hands of crap , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was a city planner named Manual Sol-Morals , who designed the killer design in Porto , Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a sustainable creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , like the opposite of special land and short-term sustainability .
Two years ago , I was looking for a teddy bear that could hold ultraviolet spindles , a friend , a weather , a confusion and make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the center of the earth .
So we exhausted this 40,000 pounds .
We had to design it so that it could move with cancer and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything with an eye and a motor .
I found a wonderful airplane engineer , designing the mouths of the mouths of the American spring , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge doubt — to achieve the perfect form and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were not allowed to wash the button .
So I worked with industrial fishing networks , and I learned their manufacturing capabilities , and how they don &apos;t need the networks .
But there was no language to be translated into this unique old template of conventional car operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years of birth , we had 50,000 square feet of bare feet .
It was hard to believe that whatever I had imagined was built , lengthy and failing authenticity .
( Applause ) It was white and it was moving .
Now it matters .
We walked through this skull for the first time .
I watched the wind shout out out into choreography , and I felt like I was finding an object and I was finding a connection to the sky .
My life wasn &apos;t the same anymore .
I want to create this kind of sculpture for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new insights that I &apos;ve been working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its downtown , it felt , it was much easier for them to create the Web for sculpture .
So we experimented with tiny water particles to create a dream mill that could be shaped by the wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people that could be shared in all of that regardless .
I &apos;m using this material to create the subway patterns on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Cultural and ideas , the secret of the Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of a 35-week vacation and their commitment in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific .
It shattered the tectonic plates of the Earth , accelerated the melting of the planets , and on and off , it shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted NOAA and asked if they would share tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 , &quot; &quot; meaning the microseconds that the Earth has shrunk .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny , tiny , tiny network of materials , 15 times closer to the surface .
This sculpture was already totally intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex network shapes and model them in terms of the Earth &apos;s gravitational pull .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a call from The New York City ; I was asked if I could take my creation with the Times &apos; heel or the High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and create sculptures that are like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t got the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculpture to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most important .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional form of visual design .
Today , I deal with this with high-tech and engineering to create seductive , scaling buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll end with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never ended up in a community art museum , cut down everything he could , from his workplace , and made it into this sculpture .
With the costumes buried in green , there were wind turbines next to strangers sharing a surprise .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a boy of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . He was very happy . ( Audience : No doubt . )
The energy content at the same time gets all of our sensory systems , and it creates a whole range of views about what this current moment looks like , how it vibrates , how it feels , what its sounds like .
I &apos;m an energy creator , and I &apos;m connected to environmental energy through my right hemisphere .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left hemisphere is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wonder what &apos;s wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
