In the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people on the planet who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people are suggesting is that they all die .
While this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
So what I first thought about was this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technology journalist , and who died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did is he asked his family and friends to write a piece that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last webcam video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally joined the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archives may have been written better and more thoughtfully coordinated than many , but in fact , we &apos;re all
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being sent every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think about your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is create a few pictures and images of houses or a grandmaster living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over a period of time , a year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to create some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technology , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media anecdotes after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortably , found me after I logged into a New York restaurant in Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in organic food restaurants .
AO : What &apos;s the call here ?
Death : Go to ifidia . Even before it fails .
( Laughter ) AO : How scared am I ?
So what this service is doing is , quite simply , allowing you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook when you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , a video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovey that he could analyze over 90,000 hours of video footage .
I think while machines can understand human language and address huge amounts of data , analyzing someone &apos;s entire life &apos;s content will be possible — TVs , images , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , with precisely the amount of content that we create and the technology can do it meaningfully .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Twist &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so that you can make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be dynamic .
But you can imagine how something like this will happen in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if those robots could connect with a unique human characteristic , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that humans have created in their lives ?
After all , think about this tiny stage and elections in 2008 in America when CNN directly translated the hologram of Hippocratic music in its study specifically interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for bringing representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them to very similar lives , with all the wealth created by that person until they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them together exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what it takes to set the definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The people who go back to work after a career break — I call them the restaurants .
These are people who have made a career out of caring for older people , growing up , pursuing personal interests or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career changers : veterans , soldiers , retirees , returns to work , or return to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a lack of relationship between workers and restaurants .
By removing people &apos;s posture of their lives , we &apos;re describing them as a high risk , and the people who are perpetrating a career can doubt their own ability to reinvent their career , especially if it doesn &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafali .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who didn &apos;t work for five years to get home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the University of California in Survey , who returned to work for a social service organization after 25 years .
This is my longest career as I know it .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And here &apos;s Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy has responded to the invitation of Today Show descriptions given to people who tried to go back to the present , but confronted the difficulty .
Theresa wrote that there were five mothers who liked being at home , but under the circumstances , she had to return to work , and without that , she actually wanted to get a job back in her life because she liked to work .
Tracy has done what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for financial finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online studying companies and leading them to work without any measurable results .
I met Tracy , 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations you can &apos;t get anywhere .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
You &apos;re just a soldier who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human perspective is time for you to stop .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , people that you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our own perceptions of time as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we go on with our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they know nothing about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great encouragement of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for going back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t make business news .
My area is financial , and I followed the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt that I knew what was happening in the business world again .
I believe that the replacers are the embodiment of workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less supply chains or collaborative work transfers .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the limits of our work .
In addition , we have the energy and the desire to go back to work because we haven &apos;t had it for a while .
The other side of the metal , when I talk to the workers , is two concerns that the workers have while the restaurants .
First of all , the workers are excited that the replacers are embedded in technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed ; it &apos;s just about being there .
I had been doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus 1 , 2 , 3 .
I don &apos;t know if anyone else remembers this program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t that hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect to come and work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they breathe .
The second one was worried about the restaurants , that they didn &apos;t care that the restaurants didn &apos;t know what they wanted to do .
I say to the restaurants that they need to work well , and to explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not until they were in a career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been back to work on a program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of a short-term workplace , no matter whether or not you call it a surprise , but it was a surprising kind of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I watched as an engineer come back , an unlimited supply chaired candidate of reintegration , led to a first-ever deployment program in the military , and then got a job done .
I &apos;ve seen two universities joining the middle career curriculum .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s an open-source article for the Harvard Business Review called &quot; &quot; The Forty Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old peasant standing among college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year surveillance . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have a reintegrated agenda for returning to professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are trained , and people who are moving to permanent positions get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering companies are trying to reintegrate the reintegration agenda to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Management Act .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because instant gratification allows employees to recruit real-time work-life examples , avoid negotiations , and employees don &apos;t have to take the long-term engagement solution until the quake is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by defendants , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , the majority of workers weren &apos;t interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for the restaurants , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resources in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career changers .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their veterans were coming back to work on their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no doubt that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But that was the work of time .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would be possible for something else , but nothing could be guaranteed .
It was April 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and the office was worse than 10 minutes away from her home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this shock and hope for the best .
Well , she celebrated all of their breakthroughs , and the company not only offered her a job in the beginning of 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They studied her MRI .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
The Three Year &apos;s job was an attempt , almost instantaneous , and it ended up having both Tracy and his work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the cluster into the more workplace .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t let me suggest to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of other repositories .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unintended discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , my new company , is trying to make a serious view of the environment using ...
Using crowd-sourcing .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Hold on a little .
You can take some blood vessels off .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just get through — I &apos;ll go through the video — ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s a vacation , and you can make a vacation .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the whole thing is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was the network of relativity .
The same is true of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects involved with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; The Downtown . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird tool kit , always asking me to do something about it , as if I were the extension of his body : turning on the light or bringing a glass of water , a pack of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the law was the best person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really shocked me , was his way of using a mobile phone .
He would lift the stick and expect me to collect a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my gift , I created &quot; &quot; Stop Dove . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s two people using it .
It &apos;s just like my lap is using a device made by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I made a gold writing machine for him that he could send his orphanages to his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a sheet of paper , put it in a plate , print his elbow and insert it and pull it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to a human senior email , by the way .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box is just working with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be especially crap and celebrated with ritual ears like my box and my appetite .
The next piece is a soundscape installation we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving gene .
Here &apos;s how it works : We put boxes on the wall , and then we put little pieces behind them .
And when it &apos;s all around the event , they kind of settle out .
And if it gets quieter , they clean up their necks .
And from the smallest sound , they smell .
So we packaged these blocks into three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheeks behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once it becomes silent around them , they &apos;re like leaving behind screens .
They hear like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they &apos;re going to be selectively breathtaking .
They also don &apos;t respond to the sounds of the phonemes .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Video ) But they respond to the first-ever plan sound , so you &apos;ll hear it like this .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So each petition is the behavior of self , the psychology , the fate of time , the person and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , later we admire it .
We forced them to respond to people , but we found that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a surveillance system , we developed a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sierra , who is actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side you see a video edited in which the camera is turning it into an invisible object .
Sierra Leone enters the room . Stop ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it and going off .
This is a very early video that &apos;s not solved yet , but it &apos;s immediately adjusted .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that &apos;s bound to space , and then we put a monitor on every wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as a child of drinking oil or sunlight bursts .
From the front , this object looked very strong and tense , and from the inside it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just nothing .
But as soon as they passed the country , he was tortured to walk up the wall .
As long as the inevitable happens , it hurts and it hurts .
( Laughter ) This is a work by defining a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it &apos;s like he &apos;s lying in a cage , his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It washes over its head like a headache , very unpredictable , slow motion .
Her movement is limited by definition .
If there was no circle there , and the grass would be very ease , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no laws or laws .
I &apos;ll show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , if you &apos;re in a hurry , you get a request , and it seems like I &apos;m in a hurry .
And that &apos;s an important moment , because that &apos;s how we wanted to defeat the willingness to run for it , save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he gets himself repeated .
This was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , like most of our work , to combine mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had built it so that it would open up , it would be destroyed , but if it wasn &apos;t enough , it would not destroy the sense of inevitability , so uncomfortable it would be to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so it keeps getting harder .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object changes itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly excited about . We &apos;re working with aesthetics of steel , five-dimensional fibers of optical fibers shaped like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a spaceship hidden in the back .
Our idea was to bring something as warm , as distant and as abstract as the universe , with the known shape of a bag of chips , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;d be willing to look at this shape like a gecko and realize it more like a gap in space , as if you were looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; The Wilderness of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room that , as you try to approach it , likes to hug you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping the dynamic connection to the people around you — trying to preserve the mystery or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gives us nerves for years .
But we &apos;re using it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to be moving .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the content , all the industry , all the businesses , all the businesses .
And this is what happens to our whole life .
I am convinced that someday , this will be going into the books of history a few hundred years from now , our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — it &apos;s a 13.4 centimeter disk with Brain.A virus .
This is the first discovery of a virus that was made for personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the cutting edge sector of the launch debate , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for Pakistani nations .
In fact , there are still phone numbers and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
It &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
The AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I did while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And here &apos;s the street or the street next to this building , which is the address of 730 Nizam Backs in Allah Iqbal .
I walked into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Amjad is sitting .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we talked very interestingly .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began .
And I was so grateful for the realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also hired hundreds of times over viruses , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;ve been used to seeing in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to leave an old program on a modern computer .
So let me now virtually set up some tools . Here we go .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century virus .
So as you can see on the screen at the top of your computer screaming a hundred times , this is what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with the sound .
( Audio ) And last example , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you shake it , the guy will walk behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus created the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t have brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab example , to follow the infections in the viral world .
So we can actually see in real time that we &apos;ve just cracked the viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and synthesize the idea of how many viruses , new malware programs , we find every day .
This is the newest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered called Server.ex.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of malware happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBuck.com.
This is a website that works in Maskusetts , where these guys go through hacked computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell them — someone else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the computers ?
Well , there are a couple of different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet bank when they use it or it can be cyberattacks .
Cyloggers will quietly burn into your computer and record whatever you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every single Google search for a particle that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of you , your email , is protected and removed by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you in your secret , and so on .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the sessions when you join and you buy at any store on the Web .
Because when you go to an online marketplace , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and credit card numbers .
And here &apos;s an example we found in a server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can log on to the web and you can buy this information whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a sustainable market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these guys actually work out of their surgery . Let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also resigned in INTERPOL in the headlines of the INTERPOL , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the Swiss bank account , for instance , owned by Jain , and in that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And what that means is that online criminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online criminals are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have interactive systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservatives work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also utilizing the global characteristics of the Internet .
I mean , the Internet is international .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one family of suffering programs can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is going from one country to the next when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys just can &apos;t get off the road .
They &apos;re going from country to country , from one trial to the other — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no opportunity globally to support rights when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving some free airplane tickets to all the cybercriminals in the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t reach us now can .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one closed file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of infrared in it .
And what that really means is that if you try to review this image failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the filament of this painting — this is the front painting , and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s fire it .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually excavate it .
Well , the yellow part of the code is now wiped out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that at the bottom here , you can see an Internet address : ononononononononone-on-one / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden entry through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we keep hacking the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is here , after all of the encryption , as if there &apos;s someone writing .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I &apos;m proud of it .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to guys in the lab .
We have a few rows in the lab , and one of them thinks that the brain is a rat , like Russia .
And 78 is the Code for the city of Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find it on phone numbers and automobiles and things like that .
So I started looking at the connections of St. Petersburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a few years , who has his private website , and he &apos;s leading his network to the popular platform of Live Journal .
And on this webpage he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Petersburg — he wrote about his cat , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz 6,V12 with six pounds of paper and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty nice car for a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Marcedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got involved with .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online criminals are locked up ?
Well , often it doesn &apos;t go that far .
Most of the cybercriminals on the Internet , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even though we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot afford them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , this is what they came up with .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed in a logical management configuration .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put in their place and do their work .
For example , liposuction in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution in what kind of risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is in control of these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed , there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work even if the computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , about replication , about things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Really .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if you hadn &apos;t worried about them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I don &apos;t worry that we &apos;re dealing with problems with cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life on a safe net , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than the anti-viral programs and the fire departments .
What &apos;s really important is to find those people who are going to be part of this cybercrime world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their parts for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend and I were on a road from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and unemployed , so we &apos;re traveling the coastal path through national parks and national forests — literally the longest path we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see all the time along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambiguously .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reveals his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; She &apos;s just going to come up to me for a few moments and then she &apos;s going to make a laugh because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs were scorned . ( Laughter )
I spent five years thinking about things like this — why do we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how do we behave when things like this happen , and what can we say about human nature ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the opportunity to make ourselves wrong .
We understand it abstractly .
We all know that everyone in this room is making mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes to me right now , to all of my rich beliefs here , I am in time , all of a sudden , this abstract understanding of fairness is being thrown out by the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that &apos;s wrong with me .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings over the period of time ; we have time to relay with the family ; we go to the choices ; we vote for the existing time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , embedded in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s the problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as cultures .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we feel this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only perfect moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling , emotionally — how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s blue . It &apos;s going to fall .
Nice . OK , perfect , good .
By the way , it &apos;s going down , I don &apos;t like it — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s answers to a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that mistakes can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be funny , like my stupid mistake is because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , he &apos;s never worried .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating foot , going on forever , and never feeding flies ?
Almost every time this movie was in the movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps from the jar , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the need for legs to run after it is from the spring .
And the funny thing is , at least , if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine to foot .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on a pedestal .
So , in fact , I have to address what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , why we insist on this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time we have no inner signal that allows us to know that we &apos;re wrong about something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this event — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that for a moment to primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is flipping the page , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not an excuse .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who are left to go wrong are dead , unaccountable bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to succeed , you have to never make mistakes .
We learn these bad lessons really well .
And many of us — and I think , especially many of us in this room — are treating it as just becoming idealistic as the few decades , the perfect , the makeshift .
In fact , the head of the financial services , the astrophysics , the ultra-marathon parts ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except that we &apos;re terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because if you do something wrong , it means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , willful and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She gets scared , the surgeons do their job — they get scared and they get her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in the kitchen , because the surgeons did a serious surgery , their left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) These stories are the essence of having too much belief that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The internal sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what is actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 757 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
What that means is that you think your beliefs are just right about the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of our people actually explain reality in a similar way — some failing assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them more generally , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we go to the second assumption that they are — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it for purposes of private anguish .
So that &apos;s catastrophic .
This connection to our right keeps us away from mistakes when we absolutely need them and makes us behave terribly with each other .
But the thing that really disturbed me and most tragic about me is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows , and we just look through them and we describe the opening world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
The magic of your protocol is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , which is why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and so on .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said a very famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not something deadly human flaws , something we can either turn off or off .
That &apos;s the basis of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
This mania , I think , is the source of all our productivity and creativity .
In the last few years , for some reasons , I &apos;ve been covering a lot of public radio exposure to this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became the most intelligent of mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the crowd , we joke that every single one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And that closed theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought there would be one , and everything else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; said by Ira Glass , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these amazing , unsuccessful and mistaken moments to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , are missing .
We like things like constant screenshots , false positives and unintended consequences .
In our stories , we like to make mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a number of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life , until he was too old and he was too ill and he could transform his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and get out of high school loved getting back into your town and grow a bunch of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everyone hates , an audience that never comes .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible lesson for our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but , you know , why do we need all of this innovation and development ?
It &apos;s because half of those things that were most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We meet another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard it seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you have to dig deeper into this tiny , horrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the width and the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the leader of Jewish wildlife .
Luckily , those plans were destroyed by an FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not the center of the World Trade Center .
Nosair was ultimately destroyed by our participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people interact with each other , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to realize that we want the same things in life .
A few months ago , he called me out of his archive and explained that for the last few weeks , he went to a camp with friends in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I had to go with him the next morning .
The last day , my throat grew into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially to me , the whole target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abah . &quot; &quot; What a father , the son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny to them .
They thought I saw the same desire to kill as my father had .
Those guys ended up moving around the warehouse filling 650 pounds of porridge and leaving a low-level station , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , creating a burning , killing six people and killing more than 1,000 .
These were the people I heard .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
For a long time in class when I was a new face , I often kept the same experience .
I was raised to justify people based on unprecedented criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really touched my mind was the choices of President in 2000 .
My group was focused on poverty among young people because I was a big part of my life , and this was especially exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day in the congestion charges , I found out that one of the kids I met was a joke .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt embarrassed by going through a barrier that was defined most of my life as being untouched .
The other major step towards opening was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens Industry Park .
There I was showing all the beliefs and cultures , and this experience was central to the education of my distant character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
I was given the opportunity to work on shows with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me created a sense of empathy for other people &apos;s suffering , and it seemed to me uncomfortable with good people &apos;s behavior not the way I would like them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Day of Christ . &quot; &quot; The following Jon Stewart challenged me to be open to my own fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the word comedian made me a greater impression than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a titan .
One day , I was talking to my mom about my global village , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eye of an eye closed , and she saw enough dogmatism and she said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not touching people . &quot;
At that point , I realized how much effort it would take to hold the unseen in myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So , why did I tell my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , that even though I was involved in this violent , non-violent ideology , I was not involved in fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terrorism , against fundamentalism .
I do this because of the windows of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has caused in their lives .
Because of the sacrifices of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to you about these terrible acts of my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pockets , I realized I had no arms .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them and left them .
So I quickly went down and tried other windows and windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an old road in Europe in the morning , and I needed my back and my quiet .
As I was growing up and down , I found a big stone , and I cut a corridor window , and I cut glass ceiling , and I cut it in , I found a bunch of cardboard , and with my helmet , I molded it , thinks that morning , when I get up to the air conditioning , I can call my instructor to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a brown rectangle in the middle of the night , so I figured that by the circumstances , things would look the same .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
They separate the cartilage that affects heart failure , it changes adrenaline levels and it makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And it was only during the travel record that I realized I had no hair . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back into the air , dreamed it , but they had already given my place to someone else , so they put me back in the airplane on the side of the toilet , into a seat that doesn &apos;t return , on the back of eight hours .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , set up systems that protect these bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the minds didn &apos;t last until about a month .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was starting to speak about my blurred window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said that he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist , Gary Klein , who was described a few years ago , called the pre-frontal lobe research .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can do as a previous study .
Some are blind , others are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Play a place in the house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years to follow important places — where there &apos;s a hole where you can find fish , there &apos;s a area of drugs where there &apos;s friendly and opposite sex .
The hypothesis is is that part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winners to find their secrets .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the winds were squeezing the smell perfectly , and they kept finding boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using hippocampus , which is a wonderfully developed brain mechanism for finding things .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving across , and not so with moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the limits of the machine , or the eyes of reading , and so on .
So take your place at home — a cable next to the door , maybe a deccorated cable .
The world is a certain tablet .
The students are a particular table .
If you divide the space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , by the way , send yourself to the cloud .
If those things fail or succeed , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed , it &apos;s a cartoon .
The Korean is boring , it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal lobotomy analysis is is to understand that we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And someday we &apos;ll all be in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about treating your loved one or helping them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , and even to financial or social decisions — but to any decision that perverse rationalization of facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got was the lab outcome , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with higher risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will reduce the amount of cholesterol , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that they &apos;re using .
That &apos;s the number we need to do .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
You might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s staff , if anything is wrong , it &apos;s scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people would need to use it to get one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug that they take for years , until they have a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another authority , which is , &quot; &quot; What are the causes of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there &apos;s terrible things : following the pain of muscles and syringes , pain and hip replacement — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely that this will happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people take the drug . One is successful , five percent of those 300 have a side effect , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be a drug change than to be helped .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you might think I took this number out of my head to kill you , but in fact it &apos;s quite typical .
The typical surgery for men over 50 years is that the number of men who have to survive is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries left by one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , the erection disorder , the lack of hiding , the regular destruction , measured impotence .
And if you &apos;re following you , and you &apos;re one of those people who represents that , maybe it will only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to think about questions that should stop you from talking first .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a length that can bear a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the warehouse of the event , but at least you will have tried to cure it .
You don &apos;t need to have a warping system or a liver system or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is stressed out in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to practice first thinking about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we &apos;re not all angry .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think early on what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways to do things like reduce green or cut roads for bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montreey , when I returned from my trip , I described the artist putting a codle beneath my door , a piece of cloth from the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit that I still have a chicken that I didn &apos;t eat and a bunch of emails that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a resilient process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union covered a large part of the object in an unlivable space .
They expected to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same backpack installed in the front , inside , two radio waves .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We &apos;re going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
In ancient times , travelers like Vaska and Gama and Columbia have had the pleasure to find new land .
Now we have to have the time to discover space .
And this is going to be the future for us to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly done .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the release , Sputnik created the whole summary .
A human being made of the moon , seen by ordinary residents , had the admiration and the confidence that people finally put something in space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our opponents had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that they could now hook us up a water bomb by Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest disasters in America , and the story related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the laundry .
He saw his guns .
It &apos;s a space holder .
For Congress , in a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , the impact of Sputnik has been more than making weapons .
For example , some of you here may remember that March of 1958 , the national civic protector trained , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were thousands underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik increased , though , and amazing change .
For example , some of these people here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , education , scores dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of ARPA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film reveals how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very unreliable to the things that Americans have even benefited .
Sputnik is going to be released very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to take a break and thank one of my investors — a long time for coming to TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d also like to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked at the MIT Media Lab for 44 years , and I worked at the very first TED Lab .
The third environment is less visible .
Is it all going to work ? No , not exactly .
These are everyday objects : knives , razors , sharks , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be shifted to the battlefield .
These things were discovered in machine gaps in my hometown , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies were reinvented by mass graves , 20 years after the war took place .
And it seems to be the biggest coffeehouse ever discovered .
Throughout four major conflicts in the Cold War , the drought of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , a year , about 30,000 people , most of the civilians , died and were considered dead , and 100,000 were killed in carcinogens .
The International Communications Rights Act has violated a number of fears for human and genocide attacks .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
However , with their ingenuity , their cultural landscape , and finally , the very idea that they had ever existed , was ridiculous .
Genocide is not only about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — there are no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than their bodies or our easier to cheat memories .
Our goal is that neither one body should be recognized .
Since then , when they &apos;re discovered , the things that the cancer carries with itself to the execution are highly managed , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of streets are packed in white plastic bags just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool for people to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable asylum in the burning battlefield right now .
The rest of the life is often asked to figure out who these things belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are either bothered or sold out of our eyes and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph each broken object , trying to create a visual archive that could easily be viewed by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I &apos;d like to inform people everywhere .
And in this way , maybe somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , intolerant , targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and understanding these things makes us realize each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; expert in theory , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I went through these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I decided to photograph every single month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide enormous misery .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to make these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called the Water Canary .
The viewer kind of walks into the room , and instantly these plates are immediately hanging on the wall .
Within a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer is watching her , and she seems to disappear and stop in a frozen symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change we needed to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 19th century Alternatives and the other — about 100 years old , the Millennium Development Goals .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale — the biggest slice is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest form is the A4 .
So the viewer gets into their space , and they all of a sudden get to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to live in their space , the blender is sort of a reflex of being in the space , and it becomes , again , a relief and an ego until it , like , feels like being in a room or a movement when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the cracks , but it can also be , quite frankly , that the jackets themselves are so tightly bound to determine the rules for them to , like , apply the rules of thin air to the viewer .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a paper page attached to a remote wall , but you will see it either as an A4 shape , or a leaf-sized sheet of paper , which is held from both sides of the pair of two small arms that were placed with focus and attention from a small piece of medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold the page of the paper while they were disappointing it for a long time , and they &apos;re not successful .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of the instability filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips of one after the other .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you suddenly see how instant video feels about the viewer and the subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and we transmitted the motion to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You &apos;re going to have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to disrupt the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small human being with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of a pill to the size of a pill , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this paper page to the viewer in front of you .
Another task is Masal .
It &apos;s a cartoon model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high , like an antena , a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his arm further and further apart as the person gets touched .
This is the first scenario of the experiment .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use it all in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get your attention , you don &apos;t care about it , and it &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate collection of the mass .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , it &apos;s like coming out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this user interface , sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of resolution with our own reflection .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re a selfish being who &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that make us care , but it &apos;s also a being that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; The Wilderness . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shaped by the size of the auditorium as the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at this size and the audience is kind of taking over my whole visual space .
There are 96 little figures in the auditorium .
They are taught mechanically to play by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to expand as strong and as long as they want to be active around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the audience is in front of the audience , the answer lies .
It can be a few holes or claws , and then nothing happens until the viewer runs out of the stage when the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak shutters in the audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical vocabulary as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and complicated variety , musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t tell the audience to react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and commitment and uncertainty .
It also has characteristics and spades .
So here , if you see us , we &apos;re very happy , because of the visual mind shaking in two hands .
This is a brief animation , as if the two brains are synthesizing with each other to find the meaning of ambiguity and ambiguity .
And here you see a prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Race Tower .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same phrase in the window to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and you can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures living on this Web .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like you would expand a particular perspective or a location in a single space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , first of all , and hidden under two circles .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characteristics and the cool ones , as if the plane had physically constrained them to travel in that direction .
We love the idea that these figures dance as if they &apos;re cute and they don &apos;t care , as if they &apos;re sad and confused , as long as they &apos;re feeling the motion of view and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So this project leads us to a very opposite .
These images are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of prison , but also in reality , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and worried about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all these true life-forms that I &apos;m talking about are a little bit less transferred to a fairly specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in collaborating with the City ETH prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the motion of the head and the motion back and forth .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls into my throat .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough to keep your eyes on the hard days later , keep your eyes on . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal job wasn &apos;t working .
It &apos;s a huge project .
This is last year .
I &apos;m going to start relaxing , then I &apos;m going to increase the area , and then finally — I &apos;m going to connect the highest area , like the postage stamp .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb stairs ?
It &apos;s nothing special , right ?
But the strange thing happened .
Those first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to bed , and still none of the words . The only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I checked out not one , but two nights without my bed — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I slow down like a movie , and I pushed the envelope before the end of the sentence .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today , I am a writer online .
I wrote a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To investigate this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain and indeed my brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unconscious mind .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
So what does this mean for pay attention ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it until this happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not how the Big Bang is going to happen , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read in Wikipedia everything about the Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding scandal , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s all going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workshop for any serious work .
The original Millennium Development Goal is not the one that has to solve everything .
She lives only right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be and she only cares about two things : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , it works great .
( Laughter ) And for the monkeys , there &apos;s only one more animal species .
You have to remix , update , update your life , and all that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a culture of civilization , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another animal — a rational decision maker , who allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what would be the most useful thing to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things , like putting on a nightstand or jumping into a bed , or enjoying a joyful pool .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get confused .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of common sense .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the Dark Ages .
This is what happens when the freedom operation shouldn &apos;t happen .
When the monkey is running all over the monkey , the question is how do the caregivers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of cool spot where important things happen .
It turns out that the lander has a coal plate , which is looking up at the top , at the toughest times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears for the monkey .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to sit down and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth , and let &apos;s take an Indian image at 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I went online and I saw my face , my connection to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts to go away , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey — remember , Panic Monster brings her pain — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And finally , the rational decision maker can take a breath and I can start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unintelligible behavior of the uninformed player , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then the magic career won &apos;t go up all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
When I did this , the reaction struck me .
People were fascinated and written about how disclosure affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why do people find themselves in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less awareness , less talking about it than about funny , short-term focus .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in silence and in unity .
It can cause great long-term dissatisfaction and resilience .
I understood why people were writing these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re going to be prohibiting a particular project .
This long-term attention made them into views in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they failed to achieve their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no caregivers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe it &apos;s normal with terms , but remember : The monkey recognizes when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially knowing that we already use chicken .
I think you need to look carefully at these calendars .
We have to think about what we actually regret , because every life matters something .
We should not forget the Big Mac .
That &apos;s the job for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s what we need to start with today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Captain William Spenson , who was confirmed recently in the House of Representatives in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered the way into the medical record .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , thanks to the accident of the guerrilla , one of the doctors on the tree had gotten a GPro camera on the country and recorded this case .
On the screen , you can see Captain Senison bringing together a destroyed warrior , a legacy .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why wasn &apos;t there people around me that I was behaving this way ?
On the verse , we give prizes to people who are willing to welcome others so that we can benefit .
Everything goes backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve in wars .
Those better people are willing to engage with others .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of these people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it to me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the waste of our lives .
So we &apos;re in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And by doing so safely , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
What that means is that at night , I can rise up and believe that someone from kindness is safe from danger .
The modern world is exactly that .
It could be a new technology to be able to upgrade your business overnight .
It can be your competition , which sometimes tries to kill you .
Or step out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act forever , and they don &apos;t die .
The only alternative is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone creates the leader .
I was on my way to the airplane , and I became an emergency manager : The route was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on his utility belt treated him as a pushcart , as a pushcart .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I turned on .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you treat us as human beings ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or don &apos;t quit the job . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She told me
You don &apos;t want your boss .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better employees .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we &apos;re forced to consider time and force in order to separate each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a father .
What does it mean to be a good dad ? What does it need to be ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to strengthen their faith , the ability to attempt and ignore , and to make them more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called Next Jump . It &apos;s a technology company founded in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
Why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released by failed tasks .
That &apos;s why so many people feel such an instinctive dissatisfaction and anger for those banking leaders who get disproportionate grades and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The bottom line is that they introduced the most important principle of leadership .
They &apos;ve won encouraging social meeting rules .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave Gandhi a $ 150 million prize ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Are we going to fight it ? Of course not . None of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t give a damn about it .
My people call them numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , was called &quot; &quot; Barry-Wehmiller . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and by night , she lost 30 percent of all his statements .
In a large production company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep the workforce .
It had to cost 10 million dollars , so as most modern companies do today , the government sat down to address the issue of free questions .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s working-heart , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to run a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , were asked to go on a four-week vacation .
The acousticians could choose whenever they were , not necessarily all four of them .
He said it was better for everybody to suffer after a while than for somebody to cheat , and that &apos;s how he got the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re — the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be following those people .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few warriors in the middle of the war , and as the warrior was accepted , the leader of the agency was eating the last and they were allowing the first to feed their people , and they ended up eating the food supply chain .
And when they returned to the ward , one of his people brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they value their growth so that only their people are safe and their people should benefit . &quot; &quot; And in doing so , we get natural responses — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their shoes to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your nail and your appetite for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t this an organization that we all want to work for ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most intractable problems of our time can be solved by simple technology if we can dream .
As a child , I realized that creativity is a key to transition from dreams to reality .
I learned that from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of Antarctica .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education went through how I helped her work in the remote , local community .
I burn these memories because they helped me understand the life beyond the border of the city , the life of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained in the Kipling manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that misses the mountain .
Get up and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born worldwide has some heart disease .
Part of these problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with boredom .
The rabbis have to live inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If that doesn &apos;t work , the child has a heart attack .
It leaves the presence and the genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the graph , the frequency of these blobs is increasing dramatically .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disease , they look like they &apos;re struggling to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Mattel stood up in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t burn in the sky was the green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children &apos;s hearts , they can be engaged .
The rice is waste .
Maybe that doesn &apos;t seem impossible to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create the impact on these huge problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter is bringing a rhythm to the heart .
One was scratching the surface .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with one of us , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is bigger .
Most patients cannot be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We come back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Meanwhile , local women were telling the story of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new machine .
We used this traditional auditory method and we built a design that was made out of strong material that would record shape .
It seems that this audience right now allows us to create a machine that doesn &apos;t care , because it &apos;s made out of only one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s standing in the middle of necessary assistance and it &apos;s manufacturing .
We have this beautiful system of building that &apos;s easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we &apos;re fighting diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
This is a child before the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and the human side .
We &apos;re very happy that some of the former patients are part of our team , the team , because of intimate contact with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : the best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of hurdles .
We get power from our patients .
Their ability to recover soon and darkness drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for struggle or access .
So we need to start with a one-by-one model .
We &apos;re giving one untrained device to ensure that every child is healthy .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an idea that was impossible , and we would expand it , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a small town called Motion .
Water and electricity were just as unpredictable as weather , growing up in such complex situations as when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends &apos; names and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is coming up very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why isn &apos;t anyone killing something you can put on the skin and you don &apos;t have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases spread by conditions like this , and the main disease is called treatment .
This infection in the eye is caused by a smallpox , when the eye is caught , and some of the infections are killed can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people in the eye every year , and the shocking truth about this is that you avoid severe infections requires slow motion : no drugs , no pollutants , no injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my confidence , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have Internet confidence , I did as much as I did in coffee as I
Which seemed like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now it has to become a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I mostly don &apos;t need to add up — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the first of the worldwide changes fashion .
It climbs on the skin , and it doesn &apos;t need rain .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to make a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college , and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a perfectly functional product that we can bring to the market . You can bring this product and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need and how much they need . &quot; &quot; Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all the boxes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started moving DryBath into little innovative packaging .
It &apos;s going to pass through and print .
The fun part is that one replacement builds up a five-state education .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We found that even richer parents want to use DriBath in the bush . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you take a battle , you can also grow two hours a day for kids from village venues — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of general , we came up with a very basic description of the functions of our product that were clean and sustainable .
DryBath is a rich human condition , and for the poor is the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with an international community , we &apos;re going to bring in the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What &apos;s stopping you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process is Google has chosen to me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to come up with this encouragement , and the strange thing is that I appreciated it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in a year &apos;s workshop and later I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and saw the actual patients .
Throughout there last month , two things struck me .
I asked myself , would you like to meet in the cost of spending this way , or would we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you stand in , and where I come from , they have health issues .
It makes a large part of the national budget .
And a lot of reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get treated , so they don &apos;t get sick .
In other countries , doctors and nurses are in some sense the targets of government .
There are many health care solutions available right now .
You take a crude laboratory test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the prescription for the doctors , we can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art fellows are smart .
BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is this a good way to organize a health care system ?
And we got a little bit caught up and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the way patients are treated , and we have to do it with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
On the screen , you see what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; treatments relate to our cure budgets .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg in the book .
In this picture , you see my famous underwear of three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that was most exciting about our research was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find extraordinarily good , but the worst numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My knowledge , Eric , is suffering from prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he won &apos;t have a hip replacement is about 50 percent , so he should start using hip replacement .
It &apos;s like doing a monetary . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to the Martin-Clinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a month old , or you &apos;re at risk of one of your 20s .
That &apos;s a huge difference seven times .
In many different diseases , we can see the big differences .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a year &apos;s meeting and talked about what the procedure they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see the rectangle of metal pieces of work that you would use for somebody who needs a new club .
They all understood that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we should know and we should learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years talking , &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started seeing and sharing their data .
They quickly realized that when you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They took the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would jump to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unintended improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love that principle .
The therapists get together , the therapists who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
It &apos;s continuous improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the effect of the cost , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been the least expensive , even though that was not the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago there was a study that was compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases in the U.S. , the cost of the average is lower than the cost of the OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on quality measurements and move its quality to the middle of the OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health budget .
You might say these numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The health care workforce is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that they have in common is they care about what they &apos;re doing , looking at the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in class .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t .
But therapists also have a different property .
They like acknowledging other people .
If a cardiologist calls another cardiologist working in another hospital and discusses why that other hospital reaches somewhere better , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainable improvement that we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community , in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG has shaped what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s a crime .
It means the World Consortium of Health Metrics .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which is really qualitative , what we should consider and turn the international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working for the last year : cataracts , collateral damage , ovarian arteries , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show you the drawings of this clip .
This is the first time that we compare data not only in countries but also in international space .
In the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to test 40 percent of the disease burden .
Same two things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new principal whose vision is : &quot; I want my control instinctively to achieve the quality , the important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are important advances ?
We talked about , what does it cost to patients to treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , both passion .
At the end of the meeting , the peak of the magazine stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder down , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally discussing what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can transform the character in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical assistants , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling in their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive the success of companies , how important functions actually are to success in companies .
I believe that startups are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you have a group of people with the right incentives and you get them to start a company , you can unlock people &apos;s potential .
They can do incredible things .
But if the startups are so great , why are they so big ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain modest , avoid some of my passions and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been creating artwork for 12 years now , when I sold a license plate on a bus stop , when I was in high school , I made solar power plugs when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were actually most effective at success in the company and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because it &apos;s a very valuable &quot; &quot; Ahh ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first get the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe the team , the accomplishment , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote a quote by Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into the face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The mastery of the team shows its ability to adapt to the face of the client .
A client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of a client ?
In my mind , it started to grow into the topic that maybe it was the most successful influence .
Then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies get very big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea spread too early , and the world unprepared for it ?
Early on , but needs to teach the world yet ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these organizations at Ideal Book , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Gov , NetZero , Tickets.com — have achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies , Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we believed a lot of them , but they didn &apos;t .
I tried to reevaluate all these terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by each side .
Then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And some jokes : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time mattered by 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company emerged just like in the recession agency , when people needed more money , and maybe it helped people to take their contracts to remove their homes from strangers .
The same with Uber .
The drivers were looking for more money , and that was very important .
From our earliest success , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we presented at TED in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract weight .
We thought the idea was perfect , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us fail .
We founded a company called Z.com , which was an online industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Even two years later , when the encryption issue was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the broadcast coffee encrypted 50 percent , in America , the same time , YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So to sum up , it &apos;s really important to make it happen .
Idea is also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to evaluate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something good for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I was expecting a lot of people , I was happy to start a college life , lecture , dinner , and I got into college campuses .
I was feeling very unhappy inside , unhappy , frustrated , scared of other people , the future , the failure and the humility that I felt inside me .
I walked out of the seminar when things started , sweating with my skirts , cutting my skirt , just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I listened , there was nothing around , but commentary clarity and reality were unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The sound came .
And he stayed there for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to the lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , he was angry , and even , after a while , he was strangely friendly and consistent , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I was sleeping a lot because I was angry , and then the sound was getting worse .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university doctors about this .
I then became obsessed and helpful , so I told him about some strange comments .
For example , I was working at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge across a university area , and during one single conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been imprisoned in the creation of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrible , terrible feelings of addiction , awareness and destruction about myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to be counted increased .
And then I basically shared aggressive before my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started listening to more voices , and those voices created a contradiction and a fraud .
Do you see that glass of water ?
It started with fear , avoidance , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a book in which I felt helpless , unable to find goals , unable to confront .
Two years later , my stomach was pretty stunned .
I had a whole unexpected repertoire : lousy voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unexpected events .
Now , remembering those ugly years of age seems like something had died , but something had been saved .
The tribe was originally destroyed and destroyed by a human being , but the person who made it out of the closet ended up becoming a person that I was allowed to become .
In my life , a lot of people have shocked me , and I remember them all , but those memories confront people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to catch all the good , senior people who fought with me and me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those courageous , singular places .
At first it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essentially the first step — to learn to separate the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I had acknowledged before .
For example , the voices that made me stop at home , I learned to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , not a real danger .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what it was like to make a real voice pop .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a strategic thing .
I finally got my hands on it . Every piece had my voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mario Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices like a survival strategy , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , rather than a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on . It &apos;s a complex , me@@
That society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In terms of Chaz &apos;s words , beginning with social change , you can &apos;t transform them back .
It &apos;s impossible to recognize a person who is better at themselves .
You cannot get people who are not afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to unite the sense of urgency and unity , providing powerful people who are addressing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that will fundamentally set the road to unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine once said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinctive part to cure himself , and that intellectual capacity to utilize that content .
In this regard , there is no greater honor or or of privilege than the ability to help other people out of their way , to be polite and to raise their hands sharing the pain and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What is hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and removed .
The light never goes off .
As a wonderful doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for painting , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the ink .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something where the process starts when you stop the ink .
Photographs like this : travel work takes place in the rail .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photography .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to be understood .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about creating a picture like this ?
Does it have anything to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a 21st-century surface .
It &apos;s actually not true , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see this as the fabric of reality , in which different parts of reality can vibrate to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three perfect imaginable physical objects that we can relate to the third world .
But to connect in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same thing and I connect the pictures .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , photography just looks wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Apography should be taken in that same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar light .
These two pictures contain both needs : they &apos;re photographing at the same altitude and in the same light .
Rule number three : it doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell where different images start and where they end . The picture has to be the same .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the video was actually created .
So by mixing colors , contrasts and light on boxes and separate images , using the photoreceptors of the field , putting the colors and the lights together , we remove the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that the entire image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected from pictures made in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromises for ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the base of the stone .
And yes , I even put the house on the red wall to look silly .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is plan .
It starts with the essence , the idea .
Then we mix in different images .
And here , each part is very well-designed .
If you do the right thing to do , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama started the secret sauce , the dense office world .
We immediately got the feedback .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the six business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Ross , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a convicted violinist .
There are more tickets that are worried about the rise of a new story , about the rise of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay taxes , it &apos;s still less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My organizations at Global Witness call this public disclosure phenomenon .
Media and political leaders care how the office space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the world in the office is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matrix .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another company , and it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions , journalists , to ordinary citizens , can &apos;t figure out what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from Cayman Islands , Delaware , Germany or the state of Nevada , we would see more U.S. connections .
Infidelity in America allows school workers to expand their students , their freshmen , investors .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what the officer looked like in practice .
It was just outrageous meetings , no lawyers accepted them as clients , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for disposal of crops .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So what I &apos;d like us to do is take a look at the world of openness in the United States and in the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time shifts .
You need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates the conditions for mobility , corruption , money laundering and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi there , Johannes .
It turns out that your child , Wikipedia , over the last few years , has been going to have more hidden documents than the whole world put together .
Could it be ?
JA : Well , could it be ?
The real concern is that the whole print of the world works so simple that a group of activists can release more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the entire world .
CA : How does it all work ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourced protection ?
JAS : Well , you can tell that these people are the classic closed receivers of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We &apos;re using the latest methods of encryption to deliver materials online , without leaving tracks while information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get information in an electronic device , simple messaging or not , fixing it like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — something that &apos;s very hard to do , because language is about the overall quantity of mass information and our own reflection of the unavailable laws and political policies .
CA : It turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JAS : That &apos;s true . We know individuals in very rare situations , and if we &apos;re creating something about it at some point , we &apos;re getting this information as quickly as we can .
( Clicking ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CIA here on how to become a TED Fellow . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JE : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was an infamous report by the Kenyan administration under the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya , about 18 years old , led Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — with the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with one more attitude , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , who was — and still is the richest person in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before the election , the national election , of the 22nd .
We published an article in the last three days after the new president in Kibaki decided to encounter a man who was going to be tortured — Daniel Arp Moi . So this was the cover to President of Kibaki .
CA : So in summary , you could say that the accounting information was caused in Kenya not by the official media , but by the ignorance . You think it really changed the outcome of the choice ?
JN : Yes . This information appeared on The Guardian first page and then it was translated into Kenyan neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
Information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been released safely , and Kenyan prints .
These knowledge from Kenya on television were broadcast 20 weeks ago , and the data from Kenya &apos;s surveillance data transformed the outcome of the vote , and they gave the choice overload .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JAS : Yes .
( Applause ) KS : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an airline from Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this violence is not different from the senses .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , all bets .
I see your element , four Humvees , one after the other ...
I got it . Okay . Ugh .
Tell me when you saw them . Shake .
Shake it all .
First , fire !
( Automatic noises ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Automatic noises ) Sorry .
The candle — the Bosmaster D-six , the Bosmaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see it .
Two-six , we speak D-6 , we move .
Ups , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , cha-ha . I checked them out .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JAS : The consequences for those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further investigation of this story .
Here are just three of the first attacks that happened in this place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? According to two news organizations at Reuters .
JN : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has made a universal claim .
How do you think that was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people saw irregular forces .
These are people who walk down the street carefully , and Apache slowly walks a kilometer , leaving each of them 30 millimeters of caliber , looking for wisdom to shine and kill people who are saving the drought .
There were two journalists out there who were really not minorities but are working their way .
CA : So Bradley Manning &apos;s analysis was done in the United States , and it turns out that he acknowledged that this video was sent to you , and together with 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take these cables .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive 150,000 cups of tea and 50 cups of tea .
In the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at the U.S. Embassy Club , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have chosen them . ( CA : Really ? ) JN : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JN : Well , because these things reveal the true truth about , say , the Arab country , the true damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden cables makes this exact same image .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JAS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information can be reached by the market .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations don &apos;t have enough resources and resources is going to sink in , and that &apos;s a good brand , that leads to the hope that you can achieve something good , an organization that provides that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , a lot of it takes to put that information in place .
We &apos;ve noticed it in practice . But that &apos;s what journalism is all about .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to any society that information overload actually can lead to unintended consequences ?
JH : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our information .
I want to say that we have a lasting immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized , that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data , it &apos;s verified secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have a basis to do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve missed what you wanted to do with unintelligent motives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are inhumane .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son is not . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you say to that ?
JH : Yeah , we hear that kind of thing a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand those people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to shine light on black companies and government secrets ?
The light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock another mystery , you yourself in the mystery of your information sources ?
JE : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have one Wikipedia editor .
We don &apos;t have resources that are disproportionate to other sources .
If we found these things , it would be a bad situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the contrary .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing — of what we &apos;re hearing — what the implications of the TED audience are .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and Jylan .
Or greatness , the greatness of compassion , bringing light .
Or a dangerous miner .
Who &apos;s going to hunt him ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JE : Well , I wish . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying fluid , Julian , understandable .
We should be more interested . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JAS : This is an illustration of what we do every day .
At the end of last year , a notebook took place in Albania a few oil spills , similar to the Mississippi , just not that big .
We found the answer — a certain kind of engineering analysis of events , where it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various different oil bands would exploit the building blocks .
It was involved in that fight and part of the Albanian government .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what he was talking about .
So we looked at the documents fairly skeptical , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is achieving its own goals .
So we put the documents in the country saying we should look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
The materials look interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just test them . And this week we got a letter from a community that said they wanted to know the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to propose a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they handed us a graphic image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our methods that we &apos;ve targeted to identify or to monitor content in real time , is that these guys are writing letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from BP workers ?
JH : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re looking for intense slow motion and technical jobs .
So our numbers in the last few months have gone down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested , now we &apos;re reinventing our core systems .
The problem of scale self-interest .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s going on in the street that &apos;s going to be the most diverse , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most — is there any lack of opportunity for journalists to work , or is there a lack of long-haul journalists ?
JE : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are such an organization that is hard to grow fast , and it drives the way we make materials , and we have to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security data , and also the other , smaller information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I wish you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JAS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the secret , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JN : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) KS : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young to the law school .
JE : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I read a magazine I &apos;d been following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied to multiple tasks .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly a Russian mafia that wants to revive your old bank account .
So this word is not as happy as it was before .
CA : Well actually , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re driving someone &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Could we get them to hold up for us , maybe tell us what happened that made their choices ?
JN : I couldn &apos;t answer why it happened .
But the fundamental values are that intelligent , generous people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their families .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant people that I met in my life .
CA : Protestant , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I could avoid the crimes — that &apos;s to give the crimes to the right .
This is a dress that I &apos;ve been in for a long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something deliberate , along with the bank , and then the news crews were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they gave you your position .
This gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a very difficult battle .
The banking sector was 10 times higher than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last year , we published the report .
And the national television station has been silenced for five minutes until the transaction . As a movie , it knows about friendship , and the reader has been wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television as the content was shown on our website , and at some point in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and the result of this was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we developed a new policy set of laws that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom press release , with the world &apos;s greatest preserve of journalists , there was a new reward for the freedom
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these laws were identical to the Islamic State .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do you think it &apos;s going to be — or is it going to be Big Brother more serious control , will it be more secret , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process process process process process itself upset ?
JH : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure in order to harmonize the right of freedom of the word to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because a shift between one and the other can accomplish a very small movement in our power to drive one or the other .
CA : I think I &apos;ll answer the audience &apos;s opinion : Julian , be careful , and let &apos;s move forward .
JE : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day after day .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I made a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who aren &apos;t models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he carries a violent bowl , and he wants not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has goals and dreams , but he blinds them to be adopted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the coasts of Sanc Petersburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; Picture I didn &apos;t love you . &quot; &quot; Which was quoting Beck from the film , but I never saw his angle .
He &apos;s blaming his emotion , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Black .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new context .
Sometimes I compare the facial expression and the facial expression with words : the irony , the elderly , the person equals the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that make me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and willing to take action .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means successful life , so most girls fight to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For the Red Cross community , I &apos;m a girl , and I have no hope .
So you see me fighting the Mexican warrior , wearing a wetsuit , almost a wetsuit .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams , and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be lazy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we get more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a particularly bad thing .
We evolve to be more common and more common .
And indeed , the consequence of that is greater social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
His work is great . He believes in why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh containers .
People were crying . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Heroot , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to reach them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story , and it &apos;s going to continue .
We have a narrative . We have skills as a local enterprise , creating a network , sustainability , vision and looking at the resources .
My big idea is just a small idea , it can open up millions of big ideas that are hiding in us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I experienced my loved ones what was worth smoking .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
I &apos;d run into the desk , I &apos;d shuffle , and the right eye would shuffle .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
I &apos;ve been studying for a while , talking to doctors , to scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the roads to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to mimic .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , males have become equal to males .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was feeling that the night before , four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been sleeping five nights , the dinner would have been even more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an infinite number .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to wear a tennis court , I &apos;m going to meet some candles , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already gone through a lot of glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me even if the brothers of Lehman had been his brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bankrupt .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would leave their hands very tightly and tightly , perhaps the sight would have noticed a glacier , because it would have been seven and a half hours of sleep and could have seen a common image .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what &apos;s driving more happiness and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , is what &apos;s best for our careers , both for the world .
So I urge you to explore and find some great ideas that inspire us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a fairly simple material — the web of hunting , ages used for the same purpose .
Today I &apos;m using it to create long-term , ambitious forms , large-scale buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could have done that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools , and all of their candidates were rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I got an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat and I went to the hometown of Mahablanca .
It was the last day of the show , but my paintings weren &apos;t delivered ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast augmentation .
But enough to make a large sculpture , it was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I watched the birds shoving their networks into the languages on the floor .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant material .
My first experience of sculpture was designed to collaborate with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We filtered the skull with images .
I found her bright surfaces separated with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classical classes and collaborate with the amateurs , later in Libya and with the headlines .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that they could become , from the marvelous objects , the ones that could be transformed ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hectares of cotton , and the crop was built in Madrid short .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term design town .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
Making them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and brief periods .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet bricks , arteries , weather , congestion , and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the horizon in the middle .
So we launched this 10,000-pound peak .
We had to design it so that it could move grasslands with sand and maintain the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model anything that was static and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers who are designing the mouths of the debt for the urban dwellings of the United States , Peter Hepburn .
He helped me meet the challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were cleaning sheep couldn &apos;t keep the urgent .
So I was collaborating with an industrial web factory , and I realized the possibilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t have networks .
But there was no language that could be translated into this unique old visualization of ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build the washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two kids were born , we were throwing 50,000 sq. ft . Not a net .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , lengthy , and not lost was a little authentic .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it makes sense .
You went through this sculpture for the first time .
I watched wind blow through the wind creating choreography , and I felt like I had found a contractor and I found a connection to the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create these sculptural oasis for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rock in Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed to be much easier than the web browser .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by the wind , and experimental explainers , and also people who could be shared in all of those areas without hesitation .
I use this material to create the subway tracks on the ground in real time — it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban locomotion system .
Another challenge : international , cultural and ideas — the &quot; &quot; Biennial of the Americas &quot; &quot; served in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of the 5th anniversary of Western Europe and their collaboration in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the Pacific Ocean .
It destroyed the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the eruption of the planet , and yet it destroyed the Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share information about tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds that were missing the Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a mini fabric of matter , 15 times stronger than a pencil .
This sculpture was already intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex networks and model them by looking at the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After this , I got a phone call from New York ; they asked me if I could apply my work for Times Square or High Line .
New ways of thinking allow me to create and create sculptures that contain the skyscrapers .
As long as they haven &apos;t funded yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most necessary .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create structural scaffolding for the size of buildings .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with a story .
My friend Phoenix called me .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never mind the museum of local art , cut away everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to flee under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the green , there were wind turbines going on , next to strangers , creating miracle discoveries ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was so nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information imaging is collected at the same time through all of our senses systems , and it creates a variety of viewpoints about what this current moment looks like , how it vibrates , how it tastes , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m the essence of energy , the environmental energy , fueled by my right-hand side .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left hemisphere — our left hemisphere — functions differently .
Our left hemisphere is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left hemisphere is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
