By the end of this year , there will be almost a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all of these people do is they all die .
And while this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really deep meaning to be worth investigating .
And what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science journalist and technologist , who died from cancer , who wrote an online video this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as a theater .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last video on the Web .
And I asked her earlier that when my body finally resigned from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would replicate this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archives may have been written better and more carefully coordinated than many , but actually all of us are
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being sent out every day .
And the average Facebook user makes 90 different parts of the content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could build is a couple of pictures and photos of their homes , or a grandmother who &apos;s now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that will live in the cloud over a period of time , a year after you won &apos;t get away .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a few of the services that are being made for us to be able to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and to our social media landscape after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in a restaurant in New York Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Come on .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : What &apos;s going on here ?
Death : Go to ifida , even if you don &apos;t .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How afraid is it ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published later on Facebook when you die .
The other one is called the 1,000 Principles .
And what it allows you to do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens after that , I think is far more interesting .
Many of you probably know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of home movies .
I think while machines are able to understand human language and generate huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; photos , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now generating enormous amounts of data .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality will continue to be able to connect with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s just not enough for the amount of content that we create and technology to do that in a meaningful way .
We can see experiments in this field already .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you &apos;ve uploaded Twitter to make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be computational .
But you can imagine how something like this will be 5.10 or 20 years from now , when our technical capabilities are improving .
Moving on , the MIT Media Lawyer is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could connect with a unique characteristic of a human being , with the hundreds of thousands of content that a human being created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast live on Wwilli.M. — hip hop , a holographic designer in his studio , and interview with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transmit our loved ones &apos; representations into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to the way we live , with all the richness created by that person until they were still alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we use and the capacity of technology to understand them and to expand them together .
Ultimately , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that is the way it will become , the definition of life , and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career &apos;s trauma — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have spent their careers carrying for older people , growing up , pursuing personal interests or for personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all kinds of career change : veterans , soldiers , fishermen , returning to work , or returning to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard for the relationship between the workers and the restaurants .
When people see the vulnerability in their lives , they &apos;re describing the risks to their lives , and the people who do career breakthroughs can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work long .
And it &apos;s this openness problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the U.K. department in California who returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest cross-section of my career .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated with the phrase &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; by the people who tried to come back to the present , but struggled .
Three wrote that there &apos;s a mother of five that she loved being in the house , but she needed to return to work after the council , and she really wanted to get back to work in her life because she loved working .
Tracy has done what most of us feel like we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for finance , she was looking for a baker &apos;s job , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and volunteering for jobs without any measurable results .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when the Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public and look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
The truth will not come out .
Just be the sun who will finally come back to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breaking .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or teach with , they remind you of how you were before the career break .
And even as time goes by , what happens to most of us , the more we get distracted by our professional identity .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me walking through my microbus a day .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great cultivation of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very closely from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t go into business news .
My area is financial , and I &apos;ve been heavily following the news when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that aren &apos;t there anymore .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that restormers are the embodiment of power , that &apos;s why .
We have less support or partnership transition .
We live a life of success .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the skills of our work .
After all , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
The other side of the medal , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that workers have during the reporter .
First of all , the workers are excited that the reporter is removed from technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technically rejected , it &apos;s just about being .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I needed to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint has had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers would expect them to come to work with their basic cost-effective software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they are breathing .
The second thing that workers do is they don &apos;t care that the reporter doesn &apos;t know what to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
This is a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been working on a program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s a stroke or not , but it &apos;s a short term experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sir Lee begin a common reintegration program .
I saw as an engineer coming back , a nonprofit reintegrated candidate , led to a initial level-level stimulation program in the war , and then got a job done .
I saw two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a report on what I saw , and it &apos;s an open-source article in the Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen Sense . &quot; &quot; I want to thank editors for this title , and also for this illustration that you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-olds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the largest financial services companies have reintegration rating programs to return to financial professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people .
These institutions are paid , and the people who go to the permanent location get competitive feedback .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate engineering firms to come back with engineers as part of the initiative along with the Women &apos;s Engineering Council .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to cheat in real-world examples of work-life conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the so-called risks that lead to management by defending the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great heroes .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , most employees weren &apos;t really interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only are programs designed specifically for readers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resources in your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restortors , we can solve it for others , for careers .
In fact , one employer told me that their return to the workforce was programmed by their reintegration programs .
And there are no obstacles to being a pension-driven program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering a job for Tracy , and that was the bureaucratic work in the financial sector .
But it was a time of work .
The company told her there was a chance that this would all be possible for something more , but couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
It was November 2011 .
Tracy loved companies and colleagues , and offices were closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And even though she had a second offer in the other company to work in a permanent location , she decided to try this surprise and hope for the best .
Well , she &apos;s going to take all her breaks up , and the company not only offered her a lasting job in the beginning of 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They donated their master &apos;s degree .
She even called the other restaurant to work for her .
Three years of work was an attempt , as a witness , and it was finished at the end of both Tracy and his work .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegration rates as much as they worked .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career , don &apos;t offer a job of unemployed or unemployed type of subsistence , which doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where others are arriving .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , &#91; unclear &#93; , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
They use crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
It can take some blood vessels .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just release — I &apos;ll miss the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the very top .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s a vacuum , and you can make a vacuum .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definition , the whole — is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of boredom .
And we &apos;ve also found the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they reveal , not connect to anything ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Sat phone . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird device in my lap that kept me asking for something to do with it , like I was the extension of his body : turn on the light , or bring out a glass of water , a pack of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the unit was the best person in the Indian family .
And what really struck me , and what really struck me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He would lift his arm and expect me to grab a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my suitcase , I made a mobile phone . It &apos;s so long that it has two people on it .
That &apos;s exactly how my unit uses the phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a gold writing machine for him that he could send his sons and daughters around the world on his own .
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a basket , print his elbow and rule and pull out paper .
This device is automatically transferring to a characteristic character , by the way .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object had to be especially demeaning and obscure , like my box and likes it .
The next piece is a sound-called &quot; &quot; The Greatest . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very generous , emotional and loving genius .
And here &apos;s how it works : we put a plate on the wall , and there &apos;s a little plate behind them .
And as soon as things go around , they sort of expand out .
And if it gets quieter , they wash their eggs .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we put these tiles on three walls of the room .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheeks behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
As soon as the surrounding self becomes quiet , they kind of get out of the bush .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of disruption .
They also don &apos;t respond to sound .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We really tried to make them live .
So each petition is a behavior of self , of psychology , of reference , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enjoy it later .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but what we found was that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Dead Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the possibility of harnessing the idea of invisible .
How can you experience the feeling that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a camera system , we built a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones , making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this room .
And on the left-hand side you see a video that &apos;s made from the camera invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Shoot ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking and moving .
This is a very early video that hasn &apos;t solved the problem yet , but it &apos;s immediately improved .
We used it like this : we built a camera in the room that was shot in space and after monitors on each wall .
Everyone who walked into the room saw themselves in a monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper shadow , as a child draws the oil or the sun spins .
From the front , this object looked very strong and tough , and in between , it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just nothing .
But as soon as they had gone through the country , he was barely scratching the wall .
Eventually , when they would win inevitably , they would win .
( Laughter ) This work has been translated into human cartoons .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that he &apos;s sort of stuck inside his head , and his body grows out of it almost like a vegetable .
He &apos;s blinking around his head like a hearing , very unpredictable , slow motion .
It &apos;s limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , and the boundary would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
Let me show you an example : People walked into the room , the object activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , sort of peeling over the pain , getting a reward , and it seems to be going backwards .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to deal with the instincts of vision to run for him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because at the end of the day , he kind of asks himself a question .
This work has been a real technical challenge for us , and so we &apos;ve worked a long and hard time , as in many of our work , to try to combine the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects of it .
It was very important for us to precisely identify the moment of his critique , because if we had built it so that it would turn out , it would have been damaged , but if it didn &apos;t turn out enough , it would have destroyed the sense of inevitability , and so if it wasn &apos;t enough , it would have wanted to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video clip that we &apos;re testing this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s releasing the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so it &apos;s stopping harm .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly interested in , working with the aesthetics of steel , looking at different fibers of optical fibers that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a spherical shape that was contained in the palm .
Our idea was to reconstruct something as hot and remote and abstract as the universe , with the familiar shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea of hiding it was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a joke , and you &apos;re going to think of it as a hole in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the final piece , still made , called &quot; &quot; Space Outsourcing . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of a room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , loves to hug you , grow up into a two-dimensional , eight-year-old object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so holding dynamic contact with people around you — trying to protect mystery or whatever .
We work a lot with techniques , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if you just stare at the beauty of any being , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be , and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how far it took us .
Think about all the services we use , all the connections , all the industry , all the business .
And this happens throughout our lives .
I &apos;m sure that one day it &apos;s going to be in the textbooks a few hundred years later , and our generation is going to be thoughtfully connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , the real truth is that there are issues online , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 13.4 centimeter disk hidden by the Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s found on personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the cross-section of a floating disk , and if you look closely , you can see here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , written in 1986 , Battle and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for resistance .
There &apos;s actually a phone number as well as a Pakistani address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some images I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbutbutbutbutbuttabad , where Bin Laden was founded .
This is a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is an address to 730 Nizam Bridge in Allah Iqbal .
I got to the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit standing .
His brother Amjad sits down .
These are the guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we were having a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt this kind of pleasure about understanding that both the Ballet and Amjad computers had been killing hundreds of times over , totally unrelated to them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and &apos; 90s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to publish an old program on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually build some tools . Let &apos;s bring them here .
Here we have a list of old viruses .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundred-year-old booming over your computer , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you turn it off , a guy walks behind your screen .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t have brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab example , to track records of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses and in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I connect to our lab system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new Kenyan programs , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we found called Server.exe.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the opposite , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find them in tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan programs that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re comprised of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GanstBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts where these guys are crossing their laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can buy Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can buy them — somebody else &apos;s computer — to these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a number of different ways , like the three bankers who make money from your Internet banking when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly burst into your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every single Google search for a word that you print is stored and shipped to extinctions .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is the sessions when you come in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy a ticket in the shops of the Internet , you should register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card number , the ending of power data , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the Internet and use that information to buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is a problem .
We now have a clean market and business ecosystem built on the basis of cybercrime .
Take , for example , how these guys can actually work out of their operations , and let &apos;s go and look at the INTERPOL website and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his colleagues , who have also been successful in the INTERPOL , the Shaileshman Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys went on to do an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery , where they stayed with millions .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the account of the Swiss bank , including Mr. Jain , and in that bank account , 14.9 million American dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online officials are the same programmers , the same testers , test their own code , and they have related systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how people do security work — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They &apos;re also benefiting the global quality of the Internet .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This operation , which I think emerges from Estonia , moves from one country to the next when only the page is trying to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They change from country to country , from one judgment to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to global rights when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving free airplane tickets to all the world &apos;s cybercriminals .
So criminals who hadn &apos;t been able to get us there , now they can .
This is , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can we actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one failure .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of what it looks like to be locked in .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and pass the code .
So if you look at the profile of this painting — this is the trajectory of the painting , and this is the real code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was punctuated by the XOR function 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so enraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is now being broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right here at the bottom , you can see an Internet address : onononononononononononononononononononononononone-two-by-io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And it &apos;s a hidden device through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , as someone writes .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I made it reliable .
There were no records , there were no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a few rooms in the lab , and one of them thinks that there &apos;s a pole , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and in car numbers and in things like that .
So I started looking for the connections of Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s a Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a few years , who has a private website , and he &apos;s leading his website to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And on this webpage he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car to a 20-year-old boy from Stanford Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it on his website .
He actually went to the airport .
Sank Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put photographs of that event on his site — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airport , you can see that the number on the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the cybercriminals , we don &apos;t even know what the heck is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The local police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we can &apos;t beat them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked up this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for logical management purposes .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , that little box that doesn &apos;t have a screen , a keyboard that &apos;s programmed , put it in its place and which it does its job .
For example , the lift in this building is very powerful to control these things .
And when Stuxnet invaded one , there was a big revolution in what kind of risk we should not take away from .
Because everything around us is driven by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garment , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computer controlled .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , on normal things like electricity , of course , on computers running .
And indeed there is something that really creates new problems for us .
We need to have some way to work , even if computers don &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when the things that we know aren &apos;t enough .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replication of things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if you weren &apos;t having them one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I &apos;m not worried that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life rescuing the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t speak up against cybercrime , we &apos;re at risk of losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement to find broken groups online — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than just turning on anti-viral programs and fusion programs .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have disabilities , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are going to be part of this online crime , but not yet .
We need to find people with joints , but without the possibility and give them the opportunity to use their hands for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So in 1995 , I was a college student , and a friend of mine and I went from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout the state parks and national forests — almost the longest road we could ever possibly take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphics mean that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely disheartened .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally transfers his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in the Chinese hieroglyphere . &quot; &quot; She just spoke to me for a few seconds and then she stops laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphics are in the pinnacle . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when that happens , and what can we tell about the human nature of it ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , collectively , is mistaken — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my convictions here , I am in time , all of a sudden this sense of an abstract misunderstanding of the misconception that goes out through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong about .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we spend time surfing with our families ; we go to choices and vote for the existing time .
In that reality , we &apos;re all sort of on our journey through life , including this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as cultures .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we get caught in this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we blocking this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how feeling is wrong ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not good . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m afraid , it &apos;s going down , I don &apos;t like — Thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people , you answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) Understanding that you &apos;re wrong can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be humbling , it can be humbling , it can actually be funny , as my silly sister is mistaking for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , he &apos;s not feeling anyway .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you recall the animation of Loony Tunes , where there was a floating leg , always running and never going down the runway ?
In almost every movie theater , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the track , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can go .
But the thing is that the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine to foot .
He just keeps running — until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re missing something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like that foot after he jumps out of the boat , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the cutting edge .
So actually , I should tell you about what I said right before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any internal signals that allow us to know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we &apos;re interested in this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Get the idea for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the test page , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , that &apos;s not a mindset .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable coworker , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are flexible , irresponsible — and second , in order to make a success in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect many of us here in this room — argue with that simply as ideals of the few decades , the perfect , the maximizers .
In fact , the head of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathons ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except that we were terribly afraid of the possibility of doing something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , pain and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes up and she &apos;s in the operating room .
She &apos;s horrified , the surgeons do their job — they get up and they take her to the emergency room .
It looks like everything worked perfectly .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body required ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body required , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of the Health Leadership of Israel talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story is essentially that overwhelming belief feels that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we &apos;re all experiencing so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop analyzing the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil spending on the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are simply revealing reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
And it turns out that most of us , many of us , explain reality in a similar way , which involves some misleading insights .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information with them more generally , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t agree with us , we move on to the second assumption , which is — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to get it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are quite smart , we go to the third assumption : they know the truth and they silence it for the purposes of personality .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This sense of entitlement for us to avoid mistakes when we all need them and make us act compassionately with others .
But what really haunts me the most , and what &apos;s tragic , is that it deals with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The goal is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do this a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the same sky tonight and see that , and so does that .
And yes , so do we fail .
In 1200 , until Doctor said a very famous phrase : &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; In August , August , he sat down and he wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Please call me , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaws , something we can either turn off or lose .
It &apos;s a whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
I think this dream is the source of all of our productivity and creativity .
In recent years , for several reasons , I &apos;ve been covering a lot of public radio calls for this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I started .
I became the smartest failure ever .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this driver Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
In other words , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; as the creators of the space , we joke that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen to one , and something else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , unsuccessful and mistaken moments to make these stories seem suspicious . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , are missing it .
We like things like instant gratification , misleading and unexpected endings .
Our stories love to fail .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction unleashing people and include democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the president of Egypt for his life until he was too old and he was too sick and he was going to pass his government on his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and stay behind the high school beloved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We just spend the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all this innovation and progress and improvement ?
Because half of the things that have been most worthwhile to think about and change the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a wonderful discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to take a miracle out of this tiny , tiny space of justice and look at each other and see the complexity and the mystery of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair came into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Meir Kane , the Jews housing leader .
Luckily , those plans were killing the FTB driver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not there .
Nosair was finally destroyed by its participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people are connecting to each other , realizing that we want the same things in life don &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he took me out of his closet and explained to me that the last few weeks with his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drought .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , my last passed away spinal cord infused into a little orange light that was beyond point and everything , and especially for me , the whole point broke .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Oh my God . &quot; &quot; What a father and son were like .
They all looked like they were funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire to make a difference that my father had .
These people ended up moving up after 650 kilograms of fertilizer and leaving behind the lower levels of stocks , the global trade center in the North Pole , which resulted in a devastating accident , killed six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I loved .
The people I call emancipation , which means the box .
Over time in the classroom as a new face , I often followed the experience .
I was raised to judge people on unbased criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choice of the president of the year 2000 .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was a big fan of the life , and this was a very exciting topic for me .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met was a joke .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s name , and honestly , I felt an embarrassment to go through a barrier that was largely ineffective for most of my life .
The next major step towards opening was to be celebrated when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens Industry Park .
And there I was showing all the people of all belief and cultures , and this experience was based on my foundation of devaluing my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
At the Industrial Park , I got a chance to work in shows with some homosexual artists , and soon I realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
My childhood experiences with experiences made me feel empathy for others , and I find it uncomfortable with good people &apos;s behavior not the way I want them to behave with me .
And that made me feel like I could compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with my life experience and with interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was called &quot; &quot; The Day Show . &quot; &quot; Next day , Jon Stewart made me open with myself on my fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I almost needed it .
Inspiration can often be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the comedian &apos;s comedian has made me a greater positive influence than my extremist father has , and I &apos;m not welcome .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my worldview , and she said what I would hold next to my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me with a blind eye , a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I will not touch people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort it would take to hold oneself .
Mr. Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my dad and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody would have forced me to use violence , that somebody would have heard my story and realized that there was a better way , and that even though I was paralyzed by this ugly , irresistible ideology , I was not allowed to be fatalistic .
Instead , I &apos;ve chosen to use my experience against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the sacrifices of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the horror pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak to you before these terrible acts of violence , and I &apos;m going to diminish my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that death is not incomplete from religion or race and that the son doesn &apos;t have to follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of the tower , lying in my pocket , I realized I had no toes .
In fact , I could see them through the window at the dining room table where I left them .
So I quickly turned around and tried the other doors and the windows , and they were all good to hide .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nightgown because I had an early scream in Europe in the morning , and I needed my partner and my partner .
I found myself in a big stone , I took out a corridor skin , I took out a glass of glass , I stuck it inside , I found a bunch of cardboard , and I put it in a pan , thinks that in the morning , I get up to the air conditioning , I can call my master to fix it .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a paint shot in the middle of the night , so I thought , under conditions , it &apos;s going to look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortex , which reinforces the posture of the heart , and it changes the level of the adrenaline and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the travel record , I realized I had no sleep . ( Laughter )
This is me crossing home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took the snow , I flew back to the air , I prayed , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so I &apos;d returned to the driver &apos;s head by the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t slow down for eight hours .
Well , I had time to think for eight hours that would go wrong .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , design systems that protect you from things like that ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t sit down until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and to be honest , I was telling you about my disillusioned window and how I forgot the pain , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that he wrote a few years ago called the study of contemporary disability .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what &apos;s going on .
So I want to talk to you today about a couple of things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Put a place in your names for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it &apos;s , but it confirms a lot of science behind how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has been developing for thousands of years , to be able to track important things — where there are storms where you can find meat , those arrowheads where your friendship and your opposite sex lives .
The hippocamp is the part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winners to find their shops .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they would smell the bread exactly , and they would still find boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re using a perfectly sophisticated brain mechanism to find things .
But it works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so good for moving things .
And that &apos;s why we lose the doors of the machine , or the eyes of reading and so forth .
So take your place inside your house — a cabin to the door , maybe a decorative spirit .
The world is a particular table .
It &apos;s a very concrete table .
If you take a space and you try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need it .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself to the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are quite obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the brain is blocking the cortex .
The Kortian is boring , it challenges thinking .
And so part of preparing for recent screening is understanding that we &apos;re not as good at stress as we might be , and so we need protective systems .
And there &apos;s probably no more stress than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point we &apos;ll all be in a situation where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or our neighbors or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions that are related to treatment , and even to financial or social solutions — to any solution that requires a rational assessment of facts .
You go to the doctor , say , and she says , &quot; Well , I just got the results from the lab , and your cholesterol &apos;s quite high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the greatest risk of heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t very good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will reduce the amount of cholesterol , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about the building , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you probably even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to save .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything goes wrong , it would be scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline calculates that 90 percent of the drugs go from 30 percent to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers need to be made most of the time for the building , what would it be ?
How many people need it to be used to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take the drugs for years , while they &apos;re having a heart attack , or insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another author , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : increasing pain of muscle and muscle pain , making pain and shoes — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people use medicine . One is successful , five percent of those 300 have side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be a drug to change than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risks or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my head to steal you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to steal .
Most surgeries , men under the age of 50 , are supposed to remove the prostate cancer , the number we need to get is 50 .
Yes , there were 49 surgeries being done before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Amongst their impotence , the destruction of erection , the destruction of secrecy , the destruction of regular destruction , the destruction .
And if you &apos;re following you , and you &apos;re one of those who means it might only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about questions that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because you often have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a longer one , that can get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the burden of the event , but at least you will have tried the way to cure it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body swings these particles around its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need it .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and my colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We &apos;ll all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of doing things like reducing violence or preventing road to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Montana , when I returned from my trip , I described to the master to set up a coding shelf next to my door , with a piece of cloth from the front door , easy to remember the code .
I must confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t drink and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely self-focused , but I see sustainability as a gradual process , and I go forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an unlivable spot .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
It &apos;s got a conveyor belt in the front , and it &apos;s got two radio waves inside .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska and Game and Columbia have had the pleasure of finding new lands .
Now we have the pleasure of finding space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which has just been completed .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the leaving Sputnik , he created all sorts of things .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , gave some respect and admiration that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; The Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our endeavors had influenced us in science and technology , and that they could now support us with a watershed bomb by Sputnik .
And then the whole summit started .
Sputnik quickly became one of the three biggest American deaths , and it was related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He had caught a rocket ship .
He had a stroke .
It &apos;s a cosmic dawn .
With the funding of Congress , within a year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact has seen a lot more than weapons manufacturing .
For example , some of you here may remember that March of 1958 , the national preservation exercise , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were killed underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes , though .
For example , some of you here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education , they &apos;ve grown enormously .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary film reveals how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change the situation in a very unreliable way in which Americans generally benefit .
Sputnik &apos;s going to be published very quickly .
Ultimately , I &apos;d like to use fire and thank one of my investors — for a long time to contribute to TED , Jay Walker .
I &apos;d like to thank you all too .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , during my first TED .
The third environmental is less visible .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : carrots , rocks , rocks , rocks .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were often told that they would be turned into violins of war .
These things were discovered in mass graves in my country of birth , and even when we were speaking , experts reinvented bodies for mass graves , 20 years after the war has taken place .
And it seems to be the largest vessel ever invented .
During the four cold conflicts , the tsunami of Bosnia during the early 1990s , about 30,000 people , most of whom civilians were dying , and 100,000 were killed in a military operation .
The International Committee Rights Act has violated a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and , in the end , the same idea that they had ever existed , laughed .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring people &apos;s identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily melting memories .
Our goal is that no one of our bodies will ever be unrecognized .
Since they &apos;ve discovered , the things that carried the fetus to the executed areas have been readily eradicated , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are being molded into white plastic bags just like you see CSI .
Executives use these things as tools to recognize them , but they also use them as very valuable assets in the violent offices of war .
The rest of the life is often asked to figure out who these things belong to , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are either destroyed or simply removed from our siblings and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object in order to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller of this story , I &apos;d like to join the community .
I wanted to inform people everywhere .
And maybe in this way somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain as a permanent , indirect and targeted reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding each other , and knowing these things makes us feel a little bit more aware of each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a device , you can say &quot; &quot; the expert on the right , &quot; &quot; and the result of that is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us , as close as the nearest documentary can be .
One day when all the individuals will be discovered , they will only survive inside their bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;ll show you something .
As I went through these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I decided to photograph for a month every day .
I would never have expected such outrageous events .
She &apos;s scared .
In fact , they provide enormous benefits .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the work that &apos;s going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to implement these projects , we &apos;re working mostly in an area of intuition and secrecy .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have in each of these works .
The first project is called Listening Color .
The viewer sort of lands into the room , and immediately lands these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the viewer &apos;s gaze has been observed , and it seems to warm up and stop in a grizzly symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s a sketch of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 18th century , the alphabet , and the other is about 100 years old , the composition of the Milky Way .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is the A4 .
So the viewer is enjoying their space , and they suddenly reach their position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , it &apos;s almost as if the viewer is reflected in space , and it becomes balanced and self-sustainable as they are , sort of , sensitive to being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer kind of creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite , that the boxes themselves are so tightly consistent with the rules of thumb to them that they , sort of , apply the sound of thumb to the viewer .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but if you zoom in , you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a piece of paper which is held together by two small arms that were held together by both sides of the eye and reflected in the medium of a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper with no extension of time , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability in action is very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a running camera , and the other is through the handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just removed the camera and we transferred the motion to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next hand that &apos;s not quite there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to decode the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a smaller person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the size of a piece of bread that you have to do this service , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masai .
It &apos;s a model of cardboard , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and it &apos;s very high like an antenna — a head , and its only goal is to attract itself to attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his hand closer and closer and closer as the person approaches .
This is the first scenario of the experiment .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of this in desperate terms .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate &quot; &quot; Masla &quot; &quot; body .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine of manufacturing , like coming out of a factory , like a vaccine bubble or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that sort of gives us the object and gives us a little bit of resistance with our image .
And so this is a self-fueling creature that tries to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is called &quot; &quot; Supply . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made from the size of the auditorium from the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you seems to be the size and the audience sort of takes the full view .
There are 96 little figures in the auditorium .
They learn to model by choice .
It means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to pay , how strong and how long they want to be run around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be multiple claims or claims , and then no one happens until the viewer walks off the stage and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from weak clothing within an audience or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical vocabulary as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and various types of musical notes or structures of sounds , but they can &apos;t tell the audience how to react properly .
So there &apos;s a sense of being able to make decisions and feelings of comfort and unity .
It also has traces of attraction and substance .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re really excited about sharing this image in both hands .
This is a brief animation , sort of like the two brainstorms that come together to find the meaning of doubt and acceptance .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is the window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the sky to create a pattern or a network that sits in a room and can watch from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little figures on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like bringing perspective or mapping into one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and find their way , first of all , and hidden behind two grasses .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characteristics of the characters and the characteristics of the characters , as if the character had physically constrained them to go on that path .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re mad and they don &apos;t have any interests , as if they &apos;re sad and comfortable , so long as they &apos;re sensitive to the viewpoint and they &apos;re hidden behind the nearest wall .
So this project is giving us the opposite of ourselves .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grid grid , which is kind of prison , but also retirement , because it allows them to remain vulnerable and vulnerable to what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the motions from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the head and the movement in the first place .
So it &apos;s relatively small .
As you can see , it fits into my shoulder .
So imagine our excitement when we saw him perhaps in the studio , and here he is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little bit slower , and in the first week , you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything to go away . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single paper .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that this kind of work that my normal work wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
This is what it looked like last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to augment the scaffold , and at the end , I &apos;m going to connect the very highest surface , sort of like a loop tape .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then from two months , there was one that survived two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and not one word still , and the only thing that came out of it : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I found not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I slowed down like a book , and I prayed until the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad day , a very bad day . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , she was very bad .
Today I am a writer web .
I wrote a website called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain and indeed damage the brain to allow me to compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for the paycheck ?
It means it &apos;s okay to let it happen .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-making Prime Minister decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not how the Mountain likes it , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read the whole thing in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this is going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workforce for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain of the Mountain is not the one that should solve everything .
She &apos;s alive right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know who she was , and only two things she cared about : to be fun and simple .
In the animal world , that works great .
( Laughter ) And in the monkey , humans are only one other species of animals .
You need to learn to memorize , to memorize and to carry on with your birthday , and that &apos;s going to change in the effort .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Moon doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brain is another living person — the Rational Society of Defense — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take fun and easy things like , for example , during dinner or swim in a bed , or liking to pick up content .
So there is a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not that easy stuff with a collective video .
And there &apos;s a conflict .
I call this the toy of the Tamil game .
This is where freedom happens when freedom functions shouldn &apos;t happen .
When everybody conducts the Mountain , it raises the question of how the helicopters generally stand in the blue zone , not in the kind of dry place where important things happen .
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal miner that , from top of the observation , looks at him at the toughest moments — he &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what &apos;s going to happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in , and we need to start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m totally agreed , but let &apos;s get in Google Earth and take a picture of India down to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel better about India . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people from TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monstrs is starting to go away , and after a few seconds the system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember the Panic Monster is going to get her a pain — by the way , she &apos;s not gone !
And eventually , the rational decision-making Prime Minister can take a sabbatical , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the uninformed player , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then the magical thing about my work isn &apos;t going to happen overnight and written eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the delivery system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated and writing about how disclosure affected their lives , how the monkey influenced their lives .
Why are people getting up in such trouble ?
It turns out there are two kinds of lighting .
And that long-term focus is less aware of it , less talking about it than about funny , short-term attention .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in silence and in unity .
It can produce a tremendous amount of unsatisfaction and resilience .
I understood why people wrote these words and why they were in so bad shape .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re going to go bust into a particular project .
This long-term attention has turned them into views in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read these letters , and I suddenly realized that , in my opinion , there are no caregivers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all welcome .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us are — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s a normal combination of terms , but remember : The monkey is slowing down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call this the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used the bread .
I think we need to look at this calendar seriously .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying attention to , because every life matters something .
We should not forget the Big Bang .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because the ceiling is not that much , it &apos;s the work that we should start doing today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Captain William Senison , who was convicted recently of the Congress of the December of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had broken down the road to a medical evacuation cleaner .
And what &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of the burn , one of the trees on the nation &apos;s evacuation physicians had turned on a GoPro camera and photographed this event .
It shows you Captain Senison , with his shoulder , bringing a soldier into his foot .
I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do this .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I &apos;d like to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I &apos;ve treated like this ?
On the vertical axis , we are rewards for people who choose to sacrifice others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve the military .
Those better people are more likely to benefit from others .
But it &apos;s not .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we call heroes who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said in one way , &quot; Because they would have done that for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
It &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces act to reduce the length of our lives .
So we &apos;re in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call safety rates , in what we feel to be part of .
And in a safe way , a natural reaction was born — trust and collaboration .
It has benefits .
This means that at night , I can rise up and believe that something out of a sanitary pad comes from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act constantly , and they don &apos;t die .
The only change is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because the tone creates the leader .
I was on my way to the airplane , and I became an instrumental guide : I was trying to get on the airplane before I turned it on the number , and I was watching him do his job with the supply chain , and he was doing his job with the supply chain , like a pushcart .
He was arrested that he was trying to get himself a little too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do we treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she said , &quot; &quot; Look .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She said she did .
I don &apos;t believe in my leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are poor , we are forced to consider time and strength to separate one another , and that fundamentally weakens our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their self-confidence , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of the company Next Jump , which is a tech firm founded in New York , so this person tells you that when you have a family of problems , are you considering the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
Why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively overwhelmed and urgent to these bank leaders that they get unproportionate feedback and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated the strongest social cohesion rules .
This is what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave a $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or the 250 million dollar prize for Motor Teresa ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . None of us will .
Diplomats are not going to give in any way .
They name numbers .
They verify the number of victims .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of her coverage .
In a large manufacturing company it meant a lot , so they couldn &apos;t hold back the workforce .
It had to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government was struggling to address the issue of openness .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
It &apos;s a lot harder to reduce the number of heart attacks .
It was determined to implement a random program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave behind for four weeks of untrained advice .
They could choose any time , not necessarily all of their four selves .
He said that it would be better to give everybody a little more credit than to give them some credit for cheating , and in this way he celebrated the work ethic .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re — the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to be driving these people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear the story of several warriors who were out in the war , and as the warrior was accepted , the manager of the officer was eating the last and letting the people first to feed , and they were stopped eating the food that they were trying to feed .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that their people are safe , and that their people should benefit . And in doing so , we get natural responses — our people will cheat for us .
They give their blood , their hands and their shoes to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your clothing and your shirt on the person ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization that we all want to work with ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of the Andes .
This is how I grew up : encouraged to see the future in spite of limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , local authorities .
I care about these memories because they helped me understand the life beyond the border of the city , the life of many possibilities , without speech , cultural and other barriers .
Throughout this journey , my grandmother complained to me in a line of Kipling , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something you miss out on the mountain .
Please go and wait for you . Wait ! &quot; &quot; I became a medical student for the next year .
One in 100 children born worldwide has some heart disease .
Part of these problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
The fetus needs to survive in the mother &apos;s environment .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this relationship has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart valve .
It causes contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that the lack of oxygen is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes is dramatically taller .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with these disorders , they look like they &apos;re almost trying to breathe .
The only cure for heart failure was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow up in the sky was a green roof .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shape as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
Now that may not seem farfetched to you , but it was the first successful attempt to generate a major problem .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings the rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this incident moment , there was a very long struggle to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
Only if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment with us , we felt very enthusiastic .
But we live in a place that &apos;s more than 200 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skype is different from the one living patient because the carbon between the arteries is larger .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
The research began again .
We came back to the initial plan .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the story of writing complicated letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us build a new set .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we created a design made out of very strong materials that film shape .
It seems that this audience right now allows us to create a tiny , tiny device that doesn &apos;t deal with because it &apos;s only done in one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to recover .
As you can see , it enters the body through natural canals .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the hall .
Our device proliferates , reaches to the point where it &apos;s needed and makes a hole .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they do .
This is the child before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , it &apos;s only about 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in terms of medicine and human side .
And we &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the early world are part of our team , the team , thanks to intimate conversations with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions need to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of noise .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly capture and contribute to creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for grandchildren or for access .
So we need to start with a one-size-fits-all model .
We bring one device to make sure every child is healed .
We &apos;re in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an idea that was impossible , that we would expand it , really : not one child would be killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a little town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather ; growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 , I grew up with a couple of friends &apos; clothes , and we grew up in the sun .
The sun is coming up above the horizon .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why doesn &apos;t anyone tell you something you can put on your skin and not have to hurt ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought one . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are South Africa .
Different diseases extend to these conditions , the basic tenets of these diseases are called trichotomy .
Trained eye infections are trapped when the eye is blocked , and some of the infections that are trapped can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people a year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid severe infections requires a snake face : no drugs , no pill or infections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trustworthy mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have license for the Internet coffee shop anymore than 20 bucks — I checked
It looks like something out of KFC , you know ?
And then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to turn it into a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone , on both sides , I was the youngest man ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I mostly don &apos;t need to add — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBud ,
You put it on the skin and you don &apos;t need any medication .
( Laughter ) So I tried to build a product at school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can bring in markets . You can bring this product and you can feed it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy large quantities of products .
They cross when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex doesn &apos;t buy all those replaced cycles , except one cycle every day , even though it &apos;s cheaper .
So we started turning DryBath into a small innovation .
Please cut through half and print .
The fun part is that one change represents a five-channel education .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
And we realized that even richer parents want to use DryBath in their offspring . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you take your wastewater , you can also provide two hours a day for children from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for housework , two hours longer to feed a normal child .
When we saw that kind of universal advantage , we came up with a definition of the basic functions of our product , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poorest man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the public , one question I would like to ask the public , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I would define the way people don &apos;t cheat .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) It &apos;s not over . It &apos;s not over .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also picked the best student in the business world , the first African to pay for this bill , and the strangest thing is that I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in a medical emergency room , and I went back to the medical college where I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I &apos;ve been a leadership consultant , I &apos;ve been looking at white collar and I &apos;ve seen patients .
And over the past month , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , are we going to meet this extra mile , or are we going to miss the patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
In others , new drugs don &apos;t get compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are central points of government .
Many of the cost-effective solutions in health care are accessible to them .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate an old , weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce the costs and costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art fellows are smart .
At BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
We kind of pulled back and said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s behavior , and we have to do it in very limited resources .
We call that the tool of healthcare .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients &apos; treatment scores in relation to our spending money .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my fame taken by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the passage that we saw .
Compared to hospitals , you can find that it &apos;s extraordinarily good , but the numbers are significantly larger .
The differences were dramatic .
My wife Eric is suffering from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
By living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , which is a health-care system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the likelihood that he will not be buried after treatment is about 50 percent , so he should start using a sanitary pad again .
It &apos;s like putting a coin . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a clinic in the Martin-Klinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monkey , or you &apos;re at risk of one of your 20s .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
And when we look at a lot of different diseases in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
By the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met in a meeting of the year and were talking about what the procedure was they used to do with operating clubs .
On the left of this slide , you see a series of metallic workshops that you would use for somebody who needs a new hip .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one certainly didn &apos;t know , and he agreed .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , and then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They talked for two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the lab operation ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a crab on the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it takes a long time , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve taken the data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been scanning data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would go to each other to learn — it &apos;s an unsustainable improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the world &apos;s greatest scores , at least for those who do compare , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , the experts who are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the cost-effects of comparing , and if we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been the least expensive , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of the lab surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study that was published in the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after the first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed the OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care interventions when it comes to data in countries .
For most diseases , the average American is smaller than the average OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements and move its quality up to the middle of OECD , it would save people 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
Now , you might say , these numbers are incredible , but is everything logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they achieve by looking at the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what other people give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have a different property .
They like to admit to others .
If a cardiologist calls up the next cardiologist at the other hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability , which we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can look and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , the BCG forms what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s a bruise , but it &apos;s not a bruise , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the World Consortium on Health Metrics .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which are really qualitative , what we need to calculate and turn to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , severe pain , child artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only in the country but also in the international space .
In the next year , we plan to test eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the cure .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest medical college in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve the quality , the importance of patients . &quot;
That day , we were sitting in the schools with doctors and nurses and others , discussing about childcare .
We asked , how can we measure the quality of the day ?
Can we do it better than now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what does it cost to patients to treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
And so many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the season , the peak of the iceberg stood .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand from the start — he raised his hand , he cut down the hill , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care , which is not only costly , but also the outcomes that patients see , we can make individuals in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system make not a problem , but a major part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think that a modern-day medical adviser , Greek Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , wasting their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of my surprised discoveries , which are mostly about the success of companies , how important functions are really to contribute to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If a group of people with the right incentives and put them together in a starting company , they can unlock the potential of people .
They can do amazing things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s most important for companies to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain methodological , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made in many of the companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been starting a business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-electrified bus stop , when I was in high school , I was doing solar power tools when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see which were the most effective for companies &apos;s success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; uh-oh &quot; &quot; moment when you first come up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the persuasion , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but he once said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true and business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Clean is a reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of making money out of customers ?
In my mind , it started to turn into a topic that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies get very big funding .
Maybe it &apos;s the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea arise too early and the world not ready for it ?
Are we going to start , but we still need to educate the world ?
I &apos;ve checked out 100 such companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these fantastic companies , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , GoTo , NetZero , Tickets.com — have reached a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to replicate all of these terms , as it seemed to me , for corporations to follow each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not the ideals in companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozone , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
The local companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and the failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time has been important for 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and hunger .
This company showed up just at the end of the recession when people needed some extra money , and maybe it helped people make their counterparts out of their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The driver was looking for some extra money , and that was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoToTo.com , which we introduced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract wealth .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the good time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We founded Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the video on the web , you had to add some code in the browser to do other things , and the company finally got involved in business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code problem was solved , Adobe Flash and the number of communications that spread across 50 percent , in America , the same time that YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So to summarize , practice really matters .
Ideas are also very important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to test time is to ask customers if they &apos;re ready for what you &apos;re supposed to offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and do something good for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , and I was happy to start my life as a student , a lecture , a dinner party , and I got involved in student laughter .
I was feeling very unhappy , unhappy , unhappy , and I was terrified of other people , the future , the failure and the humility that I felt inside .
I walked out of the closet when things started , and I swept to myself , and I swept my skirt , and just like hundreds of times before , when I heard a voice , it was like , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I listened to him , there was nothing around him , but the clarity of comments and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; She &apos;s opening the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting everything to the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to count . &quot;
He was neutral , his hair and even , after a while , oddly friendly and intimidating , although sometimes I noticed that he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I was sleeping a lot , because I was angry , and then the voice was freaking out .
After a while there was a heavy conversation , that normal people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told the doctors of my university .
And then I almost got interested and helpfulness , so I told him about the weird comments .
For example , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to the university area , and during one particularly tough conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , even worse , I was struck by the terrible , terrible feelings of addiction and addiction about myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as experienced but as the symptoms , my fear and desire to respond has increased .
And then I was basically aggressive in front of my own mind , which was like a spiritual civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices were kind of loud and violent .
Do you see that glass of water ?
It started with fear , avoidance , uncertainty and uncomprehension , and it was a book in which I felt helpless , unable to find more targets than commitment .
Two years later , my condition was strongly overlooked .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable belief .
Now , in memory of those ugly years , it seems like something has died , but something has been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and humiliated , but the person who delivered all of this was a bypass , and then ultimately grew up with the person I was supposed to be .
In my life , many people have scared me , and I remember them all , but those memories go awry for people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it goes to the same grave , but it will always come in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to bury all the good and aging people who fought with me and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and alone .
It was very hard to believe at first , because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , and it was necessary the first step — to learn the metaphorical meaning of the meaning of the word that I had experienced before .
For instance , the voices that rose to my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , rather than a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what I thought was a real voice emulation .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic chip , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
All of this knowledge was finally made up of my parts , and each one of those pieces had a voice , and after a while I refused all the drugs and came back to the psychiatry , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud of the International Space Station , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation has been inspired by Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees voices like the survival strategy , the health reaction to the unintelligent environment , not the destruction and the symptom of schizophrenia
This kind of society is not only possible ; it &apos;s already realistic .
In the words of Chesch , beginning with social change , you cannot translate them back .
You cannot recognize the person who is impaired .
You can &apos;t get people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice has founded a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to reduce the sense of dignity and unity , giving power to people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that provides hope that ultimately leads to unprecedented levels of self-esteem .
As Peter Levine has said , a human being is a unique being that gives the institutional part to cure yourself and the intellectual side can leverage that unity .
In this sense , societal societies are not greater pride or privilege than the ability to help others cheat , to be polite and to raise their hands sharing the cruelty and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
The hidden within us can never be touched , removed and accepted .
The light never goes away .
As one wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share with you my photograph .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that you can &apos;t photograph with a camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it was more important for planning .
And when you photograph the process , it &apos;s over when you remove the mycelium .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
I thought everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you break the magic .
Take pictures like this : road workers are going on in the back of the road .
But there is also mistakes .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both of them are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to hold reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually photograph , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
The pictures that you need for a brief moment of reflection in order to understand the abyss .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes the picture real ?
Is it something to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
This isn &apos;t really true , so we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a part of reality where you can multiply different parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But connecting in a way can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn off the brain because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same pictures connecting .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , is what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about it , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that we should lead in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like that .
So , rule number one : The bright pictures should be taken in the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar light .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : It doesn &apos;t have to be possible to tell where different images start and where they end up . It has to be consistent .
It &apos;s not possible to tell you how the image was actually made .
So by printing colors and contrasts and lights in transcripts and all sorts of different images , through the photoreceptors of the ceiling , by installing color and silence , we &apos;re bringing the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to have ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
When I came out of this idea , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The botanical portion is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red wall to look sweet .
So to achieve realistic results , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always starts with an idea .
And then we layer in , and we bring in different images .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you follow the right frames , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documentaries of Panama started the secret sauce , the holy grail world .
Suddenly , we were listening .
The Icelandic prime minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that six-year-old businesses spend two million dollars in the U.S. dollars associated with President of Ross , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a very famous violinist .
There are more rich people who are concerned about the emergence of new stories , about the emergence of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can keep money at their office and not pay their taxes , that &apos;s going to remain less slow to public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this open source of phenomenals .
Now , media and political leaders are wondering how official space can be used to hide their slow , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the opening world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structures .
So it &apos;s hard to get copyright protection , and institutions , journalists , regular citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there aren &apos;t rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because Mossack Foundation has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Quran , from Delaware , from Germany or the state of Nevada , we would see more contact with Americans .
Privacy in America allows public schools employees to expand their students , their freshmen , investors .
It affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office might look like in practice .
These were just previous meetings , no lawyers accepted them as clients , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet , there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows you to separate out from the mosque .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So you &apos;d like the Panama movement to give us a greater view of openness in the U.S. and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see it as a sign of time for exchange .
We need business leaders to turn around and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this issue and commit to changing the law .
Together we can close the secret that creates the conditions for prevention of taxation , corruption , money flooding and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good afternoon , Johannes .
It &apos;s been estimated that your kid , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to have more hidden documents than the rest of the world combined .
Could it be ?
Johannes Anuj : Well , can that be ?
The real concern is that the whole world &apos;s print is so simple that a group of activists are able to gather more of this kind of information than the rest of the world are putting together .
CA : How does it happen ?
How do people make those documents ?
And how do you ensure the security of the source ?
JS : Well , you can say that these people are classic embedded information deniers . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest encryption methods for delivering materials online , without leaving tracks while information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages , or not , we make it kind of like a regular news agency , and we give it a shape — what we rarely do is quite difficult , because speaking is about overloading enormous amounts of information and our own separation from inevitable legal and political postulations .
CA : It &apos;s called , you &apos;re trying to make sure documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We know the person in very rare situations , and if we make a stage about it , it makes as much information as possible .
( Hammer sound ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think the CDC is telling you how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this piece ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
This was the hidden observation of the fame that the government of Kenya offered after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel and Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — and the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and with one more attitude , they spent about two million pounds .
The government wanted to use it in a political pressure against Mi , which was — and apparently the richest man in Kenya .
This was the Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information before the election — the national election , the 28 .
We released the report three days after the new president of Kibaki decided to tackle the man he was going to kill — Daniel or Moi — and so this reveal to the president of Kibaki was unbelievable .
CA : In summary , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya not from official media , but not uniquely . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian and then it was translated into rural Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And within a few days , it could have been heavily burned , and the printing of Kenya .
This news on Kenyan television was broadcast 20 Westerners , and , by the way , Kenyan surveillance data , 10 percent changed the poll and turned the poll overload .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search for information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) Chris Anderson : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Force video .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this struggle is not for the sensitive .
Radio : ... fuckin , whenever you can , everybody gets repeated .
I see your element , four Humvees , driving one after the other ...
I got it . All right . Open .
Show them when you see them . Shake them .
Shake it all .
Get on , fire !
( Crackling ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Crackling ) Sorry .
Bushmaster D-six , Bosmaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , we &apos;ve just won eight people .
Yes , we see two birds and they &apos;re still shy .
I get it . I see it .
Two-six , we speak D-six , we move .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , Ha . I touched them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : For those of you who did that , it was very significant .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do further studies of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that happened in this place .
CA : There were 11 people killed in this attack , right ? There were two Reuters in the news agency .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
It went from 18 to 26 people .
CA : The pursuit of this video has made a universal claim .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is less than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of caliber , looking for wisdom to warm and kill people who save the damn things .
There were two journalists who were really not masters , but they were working on their real work .
K. Anderson : There was an analytician from Bradley Manning in the United States who acknowledged that this video was sent to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of U.S. embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take these cups .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to a half-thousand pounds of separation and 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re a search engine from the U.S. Embassy in Reykjavík , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a big adviser in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JS : We would have been looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JS : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JS : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , the damage of human rights in those countries .
Looking at this hidden cable , this is exactly what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is the philosophy of your work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to publish hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to games .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations aren &apos;t able to tap into the outdoors and the resources , it &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good . The organizations that provide that information that knows everything from the beginning to the end have a lot of effort to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk for a dangerous person or a whole society that information delivery can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in our search for information .
I want to say that we have a bad immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that you could personally think of — that you could identify the person .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , health data , it &apos;s a legitimate mystery , but our sources of information that provide information actually have to do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve answered what you wanted to find out for those unintelligible motions .
It shows that the American war is laughing out of dying people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world have made an assumption that American wars are not human .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My son is not like this . How are you guys ? &quot; &quot; What would you say to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear that kind of stuff a lot .
But remember , for the people of Baghdad , for the people of Iraq , the Afghans don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change perception and understanding the people who are learning about it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : What is your name for bringing light into black companies and government secrets ?
Light is fine .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to unlock another mystery , you yourself in the mystery of your information sources ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources available to any other source .
If we did that , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work to get people to feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in finding out — what we &apos;re listening to — what the TED audience think is .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s action .
Or the grandmother , the grandmother , bringing light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous miner ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying lie , Johannes , understandable .
We should give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting thing , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an image of what we do , what we do every day .
By the end of last year , a pile of oil spills occurred in Albania , similar to the Middle East , not so much .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of incidents , where it was written that conservation workers from some competing competitions , various different browsing oil companies had exploited the building blocks .
The fight was pulled in , and part of the Albanian government was caught up .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , although we did understand what it was talking about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is going for itself .
So we put the paper in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just test it , and this week we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to try to find the source of the document . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What &apos;s the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to provide a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the document were lowered .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens pretty often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , which is , we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have a lot of really intense search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have been declining because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these systems now .
The problem of overall interest .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that goes across all sorts of different things , but we don &apos;t have enough people to tap into and check that information .
CA : And what scares the most opportunity — or lack of work as a journalist or as a lack of easy magazine ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I want to say that we are an organization that is rapidly growing , and that is driving our treatment approach , and we need to reconstruct that we have people working with the highest levels of national security information , and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To better understand you , tell me how you got there .
You had to be taught in 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business and then went away from the following , so these two combine ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would say it &apos;s a recipe for how to fix the heat .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) K. Anderson : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young , you were in the legislation business .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I emailed a magazine I &apos;d been following as a young girl .
So you need to act compassionately .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it &apos;s mostly a Russian mafia , wanting to mafy your old bank accounts .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving someone &apos;s old bank account . What are your core values ?
Can we get them to sign up , maybe tell us what kind of event did they make ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that question .
But primary values like this — intelligent , dignified people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their families .
This insight came from my father and from other brilliant , generous people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : Brilliant , brilliant people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about them ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I can defend the crowds — that &apos;s giving the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a term that I &apos;ve been on for a long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something deliberate , joined the banking department , and then the media got involved telling this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve mastered your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult struggle for every country .
The rest of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , in the last year , we published a report .
And the national TV station was broken for five minutes until the transmission , and as the movie tells you about friendship , and the reader was like , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on TV , our website was shown on the Internet , and we were in Iceland , and we were doing this , talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again in the society , and the result of that was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we developed a new law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom enforcement , with the greatest preserve of journalists in the world , created a new prize for free spe@@
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were identical to the Icelandic language .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Jordan .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or does the Big Brothers have more grim control , will there be more grim , or will we observe the Great Brothers , or can the process process process process change ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure going on in order to harmonize the right to express freedom of speech in order to find more disclosure — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the United States .
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because the suggestion of one or another can undermine a very small movement in our watch , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to tell you the premise of the audience : Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s make you strong .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Eight days .
My name is Ultra .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , ironies and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in the Russian issues , recognizing people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming for a dance and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be thrown out by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has objectives and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents the metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the coasts of Sanc Peterborough .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t like you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting him from the movie , but I never saw him .
He &apos;s blaming his feelings , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , there &apos;s no reason to be a romantic , but it &apos;s expected to be female blankets and to look like an aggressive Picasso .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a painting in my project and I give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare facial expressions and play with words : the ironic , the Greek person , the compared person .
( Laughter ) In artifacts , I ask the social questions that make me up in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are already ready and willing to go .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so many girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I am 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly woman , and I have no hope of rescuing .
And that &apos;s why you see me with a Mexican warrior &apos;s bone , with a wetsuit , almost in his name .
But remember , ironic is a key thing , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be excited and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players have spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual Azeroth problems .
And that &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be more common and more common .
And in fact , the result is more sustainable social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing great work . He believes in why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making the reality a little bit more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh bricks , we had the owner &apos;s bricks .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine empirical happiness and then give people the tools to achieve them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story , and it &apos;s going to continue .
We have a mainstream story . We have skills as a local entertainment , the creation of the network , sustainability , vision and outlook .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a room full of men .
Not a single female .
I have experienced in my own backyard what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of nowhere .
I &apos;d hit the desk , I &apos;d hit the girl , and the right eye had to turn .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time I &apos;ve been teaching , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , researchers , and here I am to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to learn .
( Applause ) We , women , will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to the altitude of the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern matching has become gender equality .
I recently had dinner with a guy who was feeling that the night before , four hours before that happened .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you had been smiling at five , the dinner would have been somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet partners and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really drunk in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to meet some tennis , I &apos;m going to meet some tomorrow , and I &apos;m going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very hungry and productive , but that &apos;s true —
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the basic idea of leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our scores have already gone up too far .
In fact , it seems to me , even though my brother Leonardo had been brothers and sisters of Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t have been bankrupt .
( Applause ) So as long as all the brothers would be left with a very bold and linked party , maybe a sister would have noticed a glacier , because she would have been beaten in 7.5 hours of sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face all the crisis in the world , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more joy and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s good for our career , is good for the world .
So I urge you to explore and find great ideas that hide within us , to connect the boxes and discover the power of my mind .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about having a very serious appreciation .
14 years ago , I experienced for the first time a pretty common material — a hunger network , using ages as a common goal .
Today I use it to create long-term , sustainable forms , a scale equivalent to upscale buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art school , and they were all in my office .
I started myself training , and I became 10 when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give the paintings to me , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahablanca .
And then came the last day , but my paintings didn &apos;t come together .
I had to take something .
The living room was the sound of its own skull .
So I tried breast density .
But for the creation of a large skull , it was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the edge of the lake , and I saw stars popping their oars into the speakers on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but every day I looked at it incredible — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first enthusiastic skull was originally designed to work with these fish .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Play-Doh . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We took the sculpture out loud .
I found her bright surfaces resonating with every wind in my face constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Little , and with the news crew .
I really loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from magic objects they would become who we could change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hand-carved cups , and the sculpture was built in Madrid .
Thousands of people have seen it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing coastal design in Porto , in Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term creative city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
They &apos;re made for a tide , well-designed , long-term , as opposed to particularly frustrating and brightening .
In two years , I was looking for a pump that would hold the ultraviolet rainfall , the drought , the weather , the moisture , and it would remain relatively easy to wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the horizon in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000-pound peanut flow .
We had to design it so that it could move fresh with wind and keep the urgent wind .
But there was no design software that could model something accidental and moving .
I found a great airplane engineer who designed the burn for the U.S. Army labor force , Peter Heppel .
He helped me push the challenge , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I could no longer build the same way , because my hands were not allowed to clean the wounds .
So I &apos;ve been collaborating with an industrial fishing network , understanding the capabilities of their manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could translate that unique old dress into a standard car operator to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
After three years of giving birth to two children , we had 50,000 feet of iron foot .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was being built , long-term and never lost a little bit of authentic .
( Applause ) It was white , and it was moving .
Now it has meaning .
You go after this slide for the first time .
I watched as the wind blows in and creates choreography , and I felt like I had a connection to the sky .
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create this kind of sculptural oasis for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to show you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its trajectory , I felt , was needed to be much easier than making a grid sculpture .
So we experimented with smaller pieces of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by the wind , and in the experiment explained , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this without destroying it .
I use this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s sort of the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas &apos; Biennial of the United States , &apos; written in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could visualize the identity of the 35-west Brothers and their communities in one skull .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the dawn of the Pacific Ocean .
He &apos;d covered the tectonic plates of the Earth , reduced the expansion of the planet , and , by the way , shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked them if they would share the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 , &quot; &quot; meaning the microseconds that make up Earth &apos;s day .
I couldn &apos;t build them as usual using petri dish .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and turned it into a tiny little tiny network of materials , 15 times cheaper than a piece of paper .
This sculpture was already totally intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design these complex network shapes and model them by looking at the rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could use my creative Times Magazine or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and create sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the skyscrapers to many of the world &apos;s cities where they &apos;re most necessary .
14 years ago , I was looking for a beautiful , traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create a pathetic , scalable structural shape .
My creative horizons expand .
Let me close with this story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in Phoenix City .
The lawyer who never thought about art , never touched a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workshop , and forced himself to go under this sculpture .
With the costumes lying on the floor , there were wind chimes changing , surrounded by strangers sharing a surprise .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis over time .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a boy of women &apos;s bodies .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
I &apos;m sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected at the same time through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a variety of images of what this current moment is like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I am the essence of energy , and I am connected to environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is thinking in words .
All I could see was energy . Energy ...
I would tell you what happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
