By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all these people are going to do is they all die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And so what I first thought about was this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science magazine and technology magazine , and he died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would shut down this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been written better and more carefully coordinated than most of us , but actually , we &apos;re all
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of their homes , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this wonderfully rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell the image of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us so that we can decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anniversary after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in a restaurant in New York at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ifire.e. , not yet .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How scared I am , what ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook right after you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it allows you to do is to create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of photos , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may have heard of Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that you can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines can understand human language and process huge amounts of data , analysis will become possible — TVs , images , video , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating huge amounts of data .
And I think what will happen is that it will be possible that our digital personality will continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it will not be enough for the kind of content that we create and technology to do this in a meaningful way .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter story , everything you post on Twitter , so you can make predictions about what you might say in your next news .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be computational .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are being advanced .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on manipulating robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could cooperate by a unique characteristic of a human being , by the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human being has created in his life ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast directly to i.am. — hip-hop music holographic music in his study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them very similarly to our lives , all wealth created by that person while they were alive .
I think this can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand together exponentially .
So in closing , I think we all need to think if we want it to be real — and if that &apos;s the way life definitions and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have spent their careers caring for their elderly , their children growing up , pursuing their personal interests or their personal health .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , returned to work , or returned to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career is hard because of the loss of interaction between the workers and the restaurants .
When people work together , people see a miracle in their lives , we describe it as a high risk , and the person who is doing a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this open-ended problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful reframers are everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
The Singapore print recently wrote about the nurses coming back to work after a long period of time .
Speaking of a long career , here &apos;s Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California that &apos;s returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest crime I &apos;ve ever known in my career .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy referred to the rejection of Today Show &apos;s descriptions , given to people who tried to come back to the present , but confronted the difficulty .
Three wrote that there &apos;s a mother of five kids who enjoy being in the house , but after the session , she had to go back to work , and after the session , she really wanted to go back to work , because she believed to work .
Three did what most of us do when we feel that we &apos;ve done everything we search for work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first said to Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations going nowhere .
The hope is not enough .
You &apos;re just the sun with the ones that are ultimately over-of-work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthroughs .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or work with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even if our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us as we continue to be rescued from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me being wrapped up after day by driving my bicycle .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember what you were , and it &apos;s a great antidote to the self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion because they want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t follow business news .
My area is the finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid that I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it very well for six months , from beginning to end , until I felt that I knew what was happening in the business world again .
I believe that the reformers are the limits of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less consultation or collaborative change .
We live a life of success .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find a job interface .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to the workers , there are two concerns that the workers have during the reburst .
First of all , the workers are really excited about the need for the technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a constant state .
I was doing a financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anyone else can remember that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint had a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers believe they &apos;re going to work with the basic office knowledge of the software .
And if they succeed , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is they don &apos;t care that the reporter doesn &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reporter that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for telling the employees what extra value they can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of a short-term paycheck , whether it &apos;s called a survey , or not , but it was a surprising sort of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a common reintegration survey program .
I saw , as the return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , set up a first-class mail program in the military , and got a perpetual job .
I saw two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s an open-source article in the magazine of Harvard Business Review , called &quot; &quot; The Fourteen-Years . &quot; &quot; And I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration , which you see a 40-year-old peasant standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-olds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services firms have a reintegration agenda for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These outliers are trained , and the people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegrated feedback programs for engineers as part of the initiative , along with the Women &apos;s Teach .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because the barricades allow the workers to work through real-world examples of work , stop the conversations , and the workers don &apos;t have to make a sustainable decision until the stop is over .
This process of testing unlocks the risks associated with leaders by giving them feedback , and they attract great candidates who become great customers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the employees were not interested in establishing rebellion .
But now , not only can the programs be designed specifically for reframers , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one of the employees told me that their return to work was their routine reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no problem with a pension report program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from their community ended up offering Tracy , and this was the bureaucracy service in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this was going to happen to something more , but there was nothing to guarantee .
It was August 2011 .
Three loved a company and colleagues , and offices were worse than 10 minutes away from their home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this march and hope for the best .
Well , she above all of her peers , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but it made her more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And then in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even called the next reporter to work for her .
Three years of work was an attempt , almost as a punishment , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and their employees .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the reintegrated focus into the more people worked .
But meanwhile , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer a job of stealing or arranging a brand that doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Turn the first story of their success , and you can become an example of where other rebels come from .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to put serious view of the environment using ...
Use a mini inclusion .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a minute .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go ahead — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The unfortunate answer is this .
And then , it &apos;s a vacation and a vacation , and you can make a vacation .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of nations .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Will they reject , not connect to anything ?
This is a company that ran more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you this example .
Hi . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao , and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object I call &quot; &quot; Search Telescope . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by the weird technique that I had in my lap that would always ask me to do something about it , as if I were the continuation of his body : turning on the light or turning on the glass of water , with a bunch of cigarettes .
As I grew up , his mind grew stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really struck me , and what really struck me , was the way he used a mobile phone .
He would lift his heels and expect me to pick up a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my books , I made &quot; &quot; Search Telescope . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people on it .
That &apos;s how my unit uses a phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that he could send his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a cage , print his elbow and cut it out , and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to the person &apos;s email address .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical activity and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical constraints .
And , of course , the object should have been especially prayer and received by the ritual , as my box and loved .
The next piece , the soundtrack , is an institution that we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and lovely creature .
This is how it works : we bend the boxes on the walls , and behind them , the little pieces .
And as soon as things start to happen , they sort of expand out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their eyes .
And from the smallest sound , they blurt .
So we pasted these postcards onto three-room walls .
And we hid behind them over 500 of these little cheeks .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of leap off the shelf .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of their burst .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Whistling ) But they &apos;re responding to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as living .
So each petition is a behavior , a psychology , a desire path , a person and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , afterwards we &apos;ll do a good job .
We encouraged them to respond to people , but we found that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company , which is a field of camera tracking system , we developed a software that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see a rendered video of the camera being turned into invisible .
Short comes into the room . Whoosh ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is tracking it and switching it off .
This is a very early video , where we don &apos;t solve the problem yet , but it &apos;s immediately refined .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then after a monitor on each wall .
As soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person was constantly invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
And along the way , this object looked very strong and tense , and in between the sound , very weak .
So people who came into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking , this is just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
Eventually , when the inevitable shock hurts and hurts .
( Laughter ) This work is redefined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that it kind of rolls into a box , and his body grows out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s blushing around his head like he &apos;s hearing , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the boundary wasn &apos;t there , and the boundary would be very equal , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no hair or hair .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within minutes of pain reduction , taking advantage of it , and it seems to be coming up the other way around .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to run for it , to save it .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because eventually he gets himself to change again .
This was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , just like most of our work , to combine mechanical , balancing and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely capture his moment of judgment , because if we had designed it so that he could turn it upside down , it would be damaged , but if it didn &apos;t turn upside down enough , it wouldn &apos;t give him the sense of inevitability , so that he wouldn &apos;t let him run .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object changes itself .
This is a work we &apos;re particularly excited about : we work with the aesthetics of steel , the wonderful variety of optical characters that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a jacket shape hidden in the back .
Our idea was to reverse something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a mosque , and you start to realize that it &apos;s more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still designed , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , would like to kick you , grow you into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is constantly expanding and contracting , keeping dynamic relationships with people around it — trying to protect mystery or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behavioral patterns .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , the relationship , the industry , the whole business , the brand .
And this happens throughout our lifetime .
I am convinced that one day it will happen in the history books a few hundred years from now , and our generation will be remembered as generation , connected to the Internet , generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real issues , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues online .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
It &apos;s the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector stuck in the floor , and if you look closely , you can see this one over here , written , &quot; &quot; Welcome to an interest . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names of resistance .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as a Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan on my own .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This one from Lahore , which is about 300 kilometers south of Abbutbutbutbutbutbutton , where Bin Laden was built .
This is a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is a 730 story address for Allah Iqbal .
I hit the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basin and Amjad , they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are guys who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I was so thrilled by this realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also struck by hundreds of times , completely disconnected with them over the years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;m leaving here a system that allows me to put old programs on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually set up some tools . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
Let &apos;s start with the Centigrade version .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there is a hundredfold , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And the last example is , guess what the Walker virus does .
Yes , when you shut it down , your screen starts walking guy .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus created the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here is our system , which we use in our lab labor , which we follow the infections of viruses in the world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new C.O.s , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered called Server.exes .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of cyberbullying every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well , today , it &apos;s mostly organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re infected with these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhiBuck.com .
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are crossing laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can buy these frozen computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — for these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are a number of different ways , like banking the three that will save money from your online bank when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something called Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and shipped to desiccation-tolerant .
Every single one of you has an email address that is preserved and transported to crimes .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for most is sites where you come in and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in a store online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card details .
And here &apos;s an example of failure that we found a few weeks ago in the server .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can link to the web and buy information with them .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a clean market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
Let &apos;s take an example of how these guys actually work out of their surgery , and let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his colleagues , who have also been successful at the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal justice surgery , where they had millions of cases .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. government announced the Swiss bank account , for instance , owned by Mr. Jain , and at that bank account there were 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can let themselves invest in the future attack .
We know that cyberbullying programmers , the same testers , test their code and have backup systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how we protect people — and try to avoid any protection from any tools that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening now in the virtual world , here &apos;s a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows how one family of suffering can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no opportunity globally to support lawyers when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving someone a free airplane ticket to all cybercriminals around the world .
So the criminals who couldn &apos;t reach us now can .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can we actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of visual patterns in which it &apos;s locked .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take over your computer control and drop the code .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s set it up .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was really encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually blow it up .
Well , part of the yellow code is now being published .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see that right here at the bottom , you can see an online address : ononononone-seek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is a hidden device that &apos;s going to take your computer through .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we will find a strange line written by O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , as if somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I threw it away .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to guys in the lab .
We have a few clouds in the lab , and one of them has thought that power is root , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sanchez Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and in car numbers and things like that .
So I started looking for connections in Santa Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
This is a Russian who has been working on the Internet for a few years , and he has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car to a 20-year-old boy from St. Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident in his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the airplane , you can see that the number on Mars is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the cyberbullying is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
The vast majority of cybercrime bubbles , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
Police officers do nothing , and if they do , there is not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot recruit them .
I want it to be easier , but boy , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked up this thing .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC programmed in logical management consultancy .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their job .
For example , the lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet turns one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food plant , look at it — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re starting to depend a lot on the Internet , on normal things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work , even if computers don &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating outcomes , about things that really matter .
Now I said to you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Internet crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk against cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do this globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire management .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gathering of people who have accidents , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gaps for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was a college student , along with a friend of mine , from Province , Rod Ailanda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have a job , so we &apos;re traveling the country &apos;s corridors through parks and national forests — literally the longest road we could ever take .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphics mean that I still see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambivalently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally confirms his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in Chinese hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments , and then she starts laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about situations like this , why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how we act when that happens , and what can we say about the human nature of it ?
In other words , as you heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking about failure , or at least avoid thinking about the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is false — okay .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all the accidents that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this sudden acknowledgment of this abstract misconception of the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for existing time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we stand in the middle of time with the family ; we go to the election ; we vote for the future .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a lifelong journey , stuck in this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we have this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we fail .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re here : What feeling , emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s cold . It &apos;s going to fall below .
Not good . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m ugly , I &apos;m ugly — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that it &apos;s wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be confusing , it could be confusing , in fact , it could be funny how my silly style mistakes because of the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong , it &apos;s inevitable .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where there was a floating foot , always running and never going to win the race ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps out of the trunk , and that &apos;s okay , he jumps up and walks .
But the thing is , the legs are running after him .
And what &apos;s funny — at least if you &apos;re six years old — is that your leg is also perfectly fine .
He just keeps running — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we &apos;re like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the road .
So , in fact , I should say what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we are wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that for a moment in primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the test scores , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a child who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are expensive , irresponsible — and second of all , in order to make a success in life , you must never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons by doing well .
And many of us — and I suspect , especially many of us in this room — agree with that simply becomes ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Right , the director of finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except , then , we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after that , doing something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right , because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is at Harvard University Hospital — one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s stuck in an opera .
She gets scared , the surgeons do their job — they get up and they send her to the emergency room .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She finally looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body built ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the Vice President of Health in Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overwhelmingly you feel that you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often is not a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Mississippi or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
Which means that you think your beliefs are just about to utter the reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , many of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re wrong .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they don &apos;t agree with us yet , we move on to the second assumption that they are — they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly intelligent , we move to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it purely because of the individual purpose .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This connection to our right keeps us from avoiding mistakes when we absolutely need it and making us act compassionately to each other .
But what makes me sad most and tragic is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s as though we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
Your proto-style miracle is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be someone else instead .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloudspeaking , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some terrible human loss , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole notion of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;ve been busy trying to explain this .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and prosperity .
Last year , for several reasons , I covered myself with a complete celebration of a lot of public radio show , this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became clever on the law .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I asked him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the space , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen by one , and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all of these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories feel convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , are missing that .
We like things like constant screenshots , mishints and unexpected ends .
In our stories , we love mistakes .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq , he would find a lot of weapons of mass destruction unleashed people and invited democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for his life , until he was too old and he was too sick , and he was going to let his government speak to him .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and get out of high school loved , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s not going to enjoy , an audience that &apos;s never going to come .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Luckily and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world warps around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending a week talking about innovation and progress and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all these innovation and advancement ?
Because half of the things that were most inspiring to think about and changing the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The topic you &apos;ve heard about seven million times is awesome discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to look outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the complexity of the universe and the mystery , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair came into the public of Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Khan , the Jewish wildlife leader .
Luckily , those plans were being destroyed by the FTB player .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Nosair was finally destroyed by its participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people interact with each other , they realize that we want the same things in life doesn &apos;t last very long .
A few months ago , he gave me a speech , and he explained that for the last few weeks , his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bolt that I built built was a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all seemed very funny to them , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I had the same desire to marry my father .
These guys ended up moving a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving them at a lower level parking lot , the World Trade Center at the North Pole , which produced a vaporized six people and killed over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called amum , which means the box .
For too long in the classroom as a new face , I often followed the experience .
I was raised to justify people with unprecedented criteria , like racism or religion .
So what opened my eyes to me ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was the choice of the president of the year 2000 .
My group was focused on the death penalty between my youth , because I was a big fan of life , and I was especially excited about it .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day , at the end of the conference , I realized that one of the kids I was with was a Jew .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt comfortable being able to go through a barrier , which was defined most of my life as being disabled .
The next major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens factory park .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was central to the education of my distant personality .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals make a terrible difference .
I was given an opportunity to work on display with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me creates a sense of empathy for other beings , and I find it uncomfortable with the good people , not the way I would like you to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with justice for what I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Lord God . &quot; &quot; The following Jon Stewart challenged me to be honest with myself about my own fanaticism and helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with the character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can come to an unexpected place , and the realization that the word comedian made me a more positive influence than my very extreme father , I &apos;m not a victim .
One day , I was talking to my mother about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of a man who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I &apos;m tired of not calling people . &quot;
At the time , I realized how much effort it would take to keep the unseen in myself .
King Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that something must have been forced to use violence , once I heard my story , and I realized that there are better roads , and even though I &apos;ve been involved in this violent , non-older ideology , I haven &apos;t been obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the war against terrorism , against infantry .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terror has produced in their lives .
Because of the sacrifice of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk to you about these horrible acts and measure my father &apos;s actions .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I entered my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I walked through my pockets , I realized I had no hair .
In fact , I could see them outside the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tried the next door and the windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nightmare , because I had an early scream in Europe in the morning , and I needed my help and my help .
As I sat down , I found a big stone , and I lifted up the corridor &apos;s window , and I took out a glass of glass , and I stuck it inside , and I found a whole bunch of cardboard , and with my helicopter , I threw it in my thigh , thinking that morning , when I came up to the window , I could call my teacher to help me
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but maybe it &apos;s not cheaper than a paint shot in the middle of the night , so I figured , under the circumstances , it would sound something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortex , which reinforces heart failure , which reinforces adrenaline levels and makes it harder to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they had given me my place for something else , and so I got on the plane head by the toilet , into a seat that didn &apos;t come back , at 8 o &apos;clock in the morning .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours , it didn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , design systems that protect things from so bad ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophe is reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach , and it was written a few years ago , called the pre-temporary disaster study .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So I want to talk to you today about a few things that you can do as a previous study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house that &apos;s easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it contains a lot of science behind how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find fish , that area of the trees where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain which spans the train in London .
This is the part that enables the winners to find their shortcomings .
And if you think about it , someone actually did an experiment where the winds were blowing the air out , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re perfectly engineered brain to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving at all , and not very good for moving things .
And therefore we lose sight of the machine , or the eye-reading and the after .
So take your place inside your house — a cable near your door , maybe a decorative cube .
The world is a particular table .
The Germans are a specific table .
If you take a place and you really try to maintain it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself a company to be in the cloud .
If these things happen or they fail , you &apos;re going to get them much easier .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when you &apos;re treating stress , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The cortex is delicious ; it challenges thinking .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to understand that , under stress , we are not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or our treatment of the neighborhood or helping them resolve .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , and even with financial or social solutions — to any solution that regulates rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got is the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your statine . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of the building , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything is sad , it would be a scientist like me .
We didn &apos;t fully explain all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave the most commonly to the standard , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make one choice ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medicine years before they have a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of food ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : increasing the pain of muscles and necks and cane production — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people are taking the medication . One is improved , five percent of those 300 are affected by the side effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to get your drug replaced than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you &apos;re using a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now , you might think that I took this number from my head to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , according to the fact that men over 50 years old , replacing the prosthetic limb for cancer is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effects represent 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their inflammatory disorder , their regular destruction , their destruction .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is before you begin to think about the issues that you should ask in order to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it immediately .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or a length that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the hot side of the event , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think early on about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We &apos;ll all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unhappiness might happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing violence , or hitting the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s department to row a codle beneath my door , a door open , easy to remember the code .
I must confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t drink and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely agreed , but I see sustainability as a benign process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an inevitable spot .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same prosthetic socket installed in front of it , two inches of radiation .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Colombo have been fortunate enough to find new lands .
Now we have the luck to discover space .
And this is in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After the Sputnik event , Sputnik created the whole thing .
The human moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , the so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our enemies had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can set us on a waterfall by going to Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three great American declines , and it related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the emergence of rockets .
He saw weapons .
and the race of space-time .
In Congress , in a single year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
But Sputnik &apos;s impact has made a lot more progress than weapons .
For example , some of you may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation exercise , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities showed up underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war is going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For example , several of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , and within the educational sphere , the rape has exploded .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be impacted by people who know how to use media .
But it also shows us how we can change things that seem to be very disappointing to what Americans typically do .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
So in closing , I &apos;d like to use the money and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked at the MIT Media Lab for 44 , and I worked at the very first TED conference .
The third is less apparent .
Does it apply ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clouds , rocks , sky , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to go out into wars .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even when we were speaking to experts , the bodies were rediscovered in mass graves , 20 years after the war ended .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever discovered .
During the fourth conflict in the Cold War , the heavy autumn of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , around 30,000 people , most civilians , died , and were thought to die , and 100,000 were killed by military operations .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights has violated a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their privilege , their cultural landscape , and ultimately the same idea that they had ever been to exist , to celebrate .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring people &apos;s identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be cases of death that are worse than their bodies or our easier memories of death .
Our goal is that no body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they discover things that the mosquitos carry with them to the execution site , they are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserve .
Thousands of layers are packed into white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool for the generation to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the prisons of war-torn violence .
The real life is sometimes asked to figure out why these things belong , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but a lot of them are destroyed or simply removed by our actors and our minds .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller of this story , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforgiving and purposeful reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things guarantee that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will recognize , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was researching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I had to do — take a picture every single month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide immense happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the exciting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiments that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Listening Color .
The viewer sort of walks into the room , and instantly , these platforms are sitting on the wall .
In a few seconds , sort of watching a poster watch her , she seems to be squeezing and stretching into a gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s a sketch of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is complete chaos .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And this reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is in the 20th century , the length of the alphabet , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Milky Way &apos;s abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach to position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to visit in their space , the plot kind of gets turned into a viewer in space , and it becomes lovely and independent again , as if the viewer is in the room or moving when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite the opposite , that the boxes themselves are so tightly kept at building the rules for them to , sort of , apply to the viewer &apos;s video .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer can see a paper page attached to a remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a letter of paper which is made from two sides of both sides , and it &apos;s carried out of a centrifuge and carried out of a small piece of paper .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , like these two hands trying to hold a piece of paper without spending a long time doing it , and they can &apos;t do it .
So this instability is a very reminiscent of the instability of being filmed by hand cameras .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one after the other .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable shape of the video feels about the viewer and the subjective .
So we just took the camera off , and we just cracked the movement to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to destroy the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a smaller person with real hands .
It &apos;s like comparing it to the number of breast masses that you need to do this service and very delicately present this piece of paper with the observer in front of you .
The next piece is called the Masai .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
It has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall glimpse — a head , and its only purpose is to attract attention to itself .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his arm closer and closer as the person gets closer .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use it all in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get your attention , it &apos;s not interesting , and it &apos;s looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the ultimate out-of-body mashup .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like it &apos;s coming out of a factory , like a Vacancies horse or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of inviting the object and giving us a little bit of resistance with our own image .
And so for us , it &apos;s a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; The Other . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made up of the size of the auditorium as the person sitting on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you is looking at this size , and the audience is sort of taking all my visual field .
There are 996 little shapes in the auditorium .
They learn to plan mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to pay , how strong and how long they want to be run around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer lies .
It can be a few holes or claims , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weightlifters in the audience , or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has its own musical notation as a instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety , musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of generosity and a sense of awareness and injustice .
It also has its own fragility and its own fragility .
So here , if you can see , we &apos;re very happy , because of this idea being shared in two hands .
Here &apos;s a little animation , as if two brainstorms connect with each other to discover the meaning of doubt and intimacy .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get 99 out of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Race Strip .
It comes out of the window .
It &apos;s a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create our own race or a network that sits in a room and can be seen from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a different perspective or a different angle in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and first in the road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the shapes of the comic books and the neat boxes , as if the lawyer physically confirmed them to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance like they &apos;re fixed , and they don &apos;t have any care , like they &apos;re restless and comfortable , until they feel the movement from view and they hidden behind the nearest wall .
So we have a selfish contradiction to this project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is sort of a prison grid , but also tension , because it allows them to survive hot and naive , and regardless of what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH to prototype the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the patterns of movement from our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s relatively small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study and there it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week you do enough that later in difficult days , you &apos;ll expect everything to be changed out . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to write for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a maze .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , isn &apos;t it ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that survived in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing I could do : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , I skipped slowly as a movie , and prayed ahead of the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to capture the moment you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today I am a writer online .
I wrote a blog called Wait for Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that would scan my brain and indeed wireless , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Hard , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The Big Bang is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : to be fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the monkeys are just one more animal type .
You have to remix , count and keep your birth , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why in our brains there is another creature — the Rational Society of Resolution — that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do what is best .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful to take advantage of fun and easy things , like waiting for dinner or flipping through the bed , or hunting for a coat hanger .
So there &apos;s a shift .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things , and not to do things that are common .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the Tamil game .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When the Beijing Prussian leads everybody , the question is , how do the retailers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of boring area where important things happen ?
It turns out that a coal miner has a coal miner , who , at the top , looks at it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to come in and start work now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth and take a picture of India up to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we get to the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and after that , one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I was staring at me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking away from it , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panic Monster touches her — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And eventually , the Rational Society of Defense is going to take a steak , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a magic card , it doesn &apos;t go away all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were getting excited and writing about how their lives were shaped by the Big Bang .
Why do people stay in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that longer-term attention is less observation , less talking about it than about funny , short-term attention .
It &apos;s mostly experienced in quiet and unity .
It can cause a huge amount of dissatisfaction and reward .
I understood why people wrote these words and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they &apos;re focused on a particular project .
This long-term procrastination made them look at their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they managed to get there .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no clothes .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe it &apos;s not as mundane as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe it &apos;s okay to use the terms , but remember : The chimps slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
This is a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out they &apos;re not that many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re actually paying attention , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
That &apos;s the job for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the work we need to do today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
In the next year .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Capiton William Senison , who was convicted recently at the Library of Congress , September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered his way into the medical emergency room .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , through the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the tree had turned on a GoPro camera and captured this event .
This is a picture of Capiton Senison bringing together a warrior , a warrior , into a fight .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I do this ?
On Verse , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first takeaway was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve with the military .
Those better people are willing to talk to others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of these people that we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks and rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the flow of our lives .
So we treat social animals , we live together , we work together , we call the safety rate , in the grass where we feel part of it .
And in a safe way , a natural reaction was born — trust and collaboration .
It has benefits .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that something out of balance is safe from danger .
The modern world looks like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or step out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get your business done .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces operate forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone creates leadership .
I was on a plane every year , and I was on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it on its number , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device treating him like a passenger , like a passenger .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Look , words .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can come to the track or don &apos;t quit work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
You don &apos;t need your leaders .
We like to share with Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate from each other , and that fundamentally destroys our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline , when they need , to strengthen their faith , the ability to attempt and ignore , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , and it &apos;s a tech company in New York , so this person tells you that when you have a problem in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released from the insufficient tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively uncomfortable and committed to the managers of those banks that receive incomplete rewards and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social agreement principles .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What if we gave a $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million prize for Motor Teresa ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . none of us do .
Governments don &apos;t give in any way .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , made a very impressive recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In most manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We needed to save 10 million dollars , so like most companies today , the government is sitting at the edge of a solution .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
They have a heart attack , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to do a report program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the boss , have been asked to leave four weeks of free lunch .
They could choose any time , not necessarily all four of them .
He said that he was better at swimming for everybody in a little bit than anyone to eat cleverly , and in this way , he threw the worker &apos;s morality .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They &apos;re — the government , and we &apos;re doing what they &apos;re doing because they have the government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get the people in charge .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about several warriors standing outside of the warrior , and as the warrior was accepted , the manager of the officer led the last and let them speak to their people , and they will end up eating the food that they prepare for .
And when they came back to the room , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders , because they value their ears to be safe only their people , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will pay for us .
They give their blood , their dress and their shame to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your nail and your appetite for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that an organization that we all want to work for ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key , that we move from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I helped her work in remote , local communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , life with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures , and so on .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing the mountain .
Please stop and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born worldwide has a heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
Vacancies have to live inside their mother .
The survival depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If it &apos;s not done , the child has a heart valve .
It drives confrontation and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the graph , the percentage of those blobs is actually increasing dramatically .
Video : ( Children screaming ) When you look at patients with this disturbance , they look like they &apos;re absolutely trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t land in the rain was the green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leather for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these huge problems .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter moves the rhythm to the heart .
And one of them made a hole .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In winter and in live studies , it took thousands of hours in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking , wherever we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started to take patients .
After successful treatment , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The wheelchair at the height of the patient is different because the angle between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be treated for time , and they die .
The first one was actually able to treat only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We come back to the first planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the story of creating complex letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method , and we designed a design made out of a strong material that records shape .
It seems to us right now that the audience is enabling us to create a scary device that doesn &apos;t hurt because it &apos;s just made up of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skin .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s standing in the right place , and it &apos;s doing the right thing .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
This is a child in front of an operation .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end of the process , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients we &apos;ve had are part of our team , a team , because of intimate conversation with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We receive the power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly discover power and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind in a permanent state , not because of education or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We give one tool for free to ensure that every child gets treated .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s impossible , and we &apos;re going to spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were the same unpredictable as air , and growing up in these complex conditions , when I was 17 , I was married to a couple of my friends &apos; ears and we were married in the sun .
The sun is coming up above the horizon .
When we got married , a friend of mine said to me , &quot; &quot; I wonder why no one is going to kill something you can put on the skin and not have to kill it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for those diseases is called trichotomy .
Those are infections in the eye of a facial tumor when the eye is injured , and some of the infections that are injured can cause real damage .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that to avoid severe infections requires that you swim the face : you don &apos;t need medication , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trust in cell phones , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have trust the Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds per hour —
that looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( &quot; &quot; Security Council &quot; &quot; for the first time in the world
You put it on your skin and you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to build a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had practices , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to markets , and you can eat this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They cross when they need and how much they need , and Asma Alex does not cross all the boxes , except one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started setting DryBath up for small innovative change .
Put it in half and print .
The fun part is that one transformation brings up one single lesson after five orders .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath from businesses . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can save 80 million liters of water every time you take a bathroom , you can also provide two hours per day for children from rural areas — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw the benefits of this kind of global , we confused the definition of our product &apos;s fundamental functions , which were clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich human experience , and for the poor , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the market , with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to define the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that &apos;s learned through this process is Google has chosen me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to come up with this reward , and the strange thing is that I did it because I didn &apos;t like healing . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at a gas station , and later I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I scattered the white coat and saw several patients .
Throughout that one month , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , is this going to lead to a massive amount of expense , or do we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I come from , they have health issues .
It &apos;s done a lot of national budgets .
And many reforms are trying to lower that growth rate .
Others , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses are in some ways the targets of governments .
The most expensive health care solutions are made exactly by them .
You choose a breast test , you choose to operate on an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the treatment costs , you can reduce the costs .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s no surprise that some of my art fellows are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we got a little bit closer and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
What you see on the screen behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the result of patients &apos; treatment is something to do with the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this photograph , you see my wedding dressed in three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in the study was the trajectory that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find that it &apos;s extremely good , but the numbers of the bad are vastly greater .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making good healthcare systems .
If he goes to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment he won &apos;t be buried is about 50 percent , so he should re-use the sugar .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monster or you &apos;re at risk of one in two .
That &apos;s a big difference , seven times .
If we look at a lot of different diseases in the case of many diseases , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
Back in the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting of the year and were talking about what procedure they were using to operate a club .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; My approach is better , &quot; &quot; but nobody knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the lab in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve transported data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
Over the years , Swedes surgeons have shown the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love this principle very much .
The therapists come together , the ones that are the best at doing research , sharing data , find the best and learn from it .
Forever improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price in comparison , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have also experienced the smallest expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study came out in which the U.S. and Sweden compared .
It was investigated how many patients had to be operated again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than the average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. Health extension system would agree on quality measurements , and it would increase its quality by the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that those numbers are incredible , but although it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The most effective health care systems are doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like to know other people .
If a cardiologist calls up another cardiologist at the next hospital and discuss why that other hospital gets to a better place , they share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden shaped what we call SRMTK .
Tell me it &apos;s a movement , but it &apos;s not a movement , it &apos;s an accident .
It means the World Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients to talk about , the illness after the disease , which is really qualitative , what we need to measure and turn it into international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , medical artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show the volunteers this page .
This is the first time that we compare data , not just in the country , but in the international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like that . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important patients &apos; results . &quot;
That day , we sat in our classrooms with our doctors , our sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , what are the critical rewards ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the session , the warrior stood up .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right now . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also the results that the patients see , we can make a staff in hospitals and elsewhere health care system , not a problem , but part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can start translating , and I think that a modern-day medical adviser , Greek Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that have led to the success of companies , how important functions actually are to contribute to the starting company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , you can unlock the potential of the unlocked people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what is most important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and perform a metaphysical approach , avoid some of my feelings , and perhaps some of the misconceptions I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been working on a business for 12 years now , when I was at the start of school , I sold a solar-powered station in a bus stop , when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best for companies and failures .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps the team , the persuasion , was more important than the idea .
I never thought I was going to quote a boy named Mike Tyson at TED , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before someone gets into his face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s right and business .
The mastery of the team shows her ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps the team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of generating revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it began to turn upside down that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea arise too early , and the world not ready for it ?
Will we start , but we need to learn the world ?
I &apos;ve checked 100 top companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , this Idealab company , the top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NZero , Tickets.com — has achieved a billion dollars success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we believed a lot of them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to replicate all of these definitions , what it seemed like for companies to follow each side .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozmo , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I started looking at these activities that were most committed to the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time has been about 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company was just at the height of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own choices to take their homes back to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The volunteers were looking for some extra money , and it was very important .
From our earliest successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract gender .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us fail .
We founded Z.com , which was a website industrial company .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread rate was slow .
It was hard to see the stuff online , you had to add the code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years after the problem of coding was solved by Adobe Flash , and when the number of communications increased by over 50 percent in America , there was YouTube at the same time .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that accomplishment is really important .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be important .
And the best way to estimate time on clients is , are they ready for what you offer them ?
And hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful about this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , calling , welcoming , getting into the students &apos; laughs .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy and terrified , terrified of other people , of the future , of failure , of the sin that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I lay in my pajamas , and I rolled down my thigh , and just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , I was like , &quot; She &apos;s out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but comfort clarity and reality was unambiguous .
&quot; It opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks to comment on the third person .
&quot; She &apos;s going to count . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded , and even after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed it reflected my hidden emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I wore it , and I wore it a lot because I was angry , so the voice was confusing .
After a while , a heavy conversation began , that normal people didn &apos;t hear the voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university doctors about this .
And then I became interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For instance , I worked at a television interview with students in a field of knowledge in university , and during one particularly frustrating conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
Since that moment , I &apos;ve been focused on a bunch of events .
I was sent to the hospital , then I received a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrifying feelings of addiction and addiction about myself and my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire to be counted increased .
And then I basically pretended to be aggressive in front of my own mind , it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices made me angry and angry .
Do you see that glass water ?
It started with fear , avoidance , uncertainty and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find a target , not a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , unspeakable belief .
Now , remembering that cruel year of release seems to have died , but at the same time something has been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by a person , but the person who was ultimately destroyed and ultimately rushed to the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same grass , but it always comes in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to bury all the good , older people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those sacred and singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , it was necessary the first step to learn how to separate the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word I once believed it .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and inadequacy in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom to protect them from what I thought the real meat was .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
I finally got my bit . Every piece had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the medications and went back to the psychiatric field , but on the other hand .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing Vote Movement , and its creation has been inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees the voices as a strategy of survival , a health reaction to unintelligent environments , not a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on , and it &apos;s a
This society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
It &apos;s not possible to recognize a man who &apos;s making himself better .
You can &apos;t get people who aren &apos;t afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voices Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of humor and unity , providing powerful people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unprecedented self-belief .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being , encouraged by an instinct to treat himself , and that intellectual capacity can be used to this whole thing .
In this view , societies have no greater priority or privilege of helping others through their process of exclusion , being the enslavement and sharing their hands , sharing the soul and giving hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What is hiding inside us can never be touched , excluded and remembered .
The lights never go out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography was when I got my first digital camera while I was five years old .
This frustrated me with my earlier passion for drawing , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you drop the ball .
So photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process begins when you break the maggots .
Images like this : road jobs are going on in the back of the truck .
But there is an unbelief .
And yet , reality is secure .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to keep reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done in the 21st century .
It &apos;s actually not true , and we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a sort of a blend of reality , where different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three great imaginable physical objects that we can relate to in the Third World .
But to connect them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , so it can exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we &apos;re losing our brains because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same picture connecting .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is something we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , the picture just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken in the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : It cannot be identified where different images start and where they end up . The picture has to be consistent .
so you couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining colors and contrasts and lights in the boxes and the images , by transferring photoreceptors like the eye , by combining the color and the texture , we &apos;re bringing the boxes between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise to come up with ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The bottom is photographed in the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on the red hall to look silly .
So in order to achieve the realistic result , I think it &apos;s important to plan .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we collide , and we bring in different images .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at taking the right frames , the result can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Panama began a secret court , a dense office world .
All of a sudden , we got a call .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President William Putin and his childhood friend , a supercriminal .
There are more tickets that are concerned about the rise of new stories , about the rise of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay their taxes , it is less slow for the public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations call this common denomination of phenomenal .
The media and political leaders are really concerned about how office space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been discussing this for decades .
I think a lot of the open-air world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are blinding slow offices .
That &apos;s because the Mossack Foundation has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , or Germany or Netherlands , we would see more contact with Americans .
It &apos;s a privilege in America that &apos;s enabling employees to expand their students , their brothers , to invest .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
It was just outrageous meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the students to break free .
Unfortunately , the U.S.
So you want the Panama movement to give us a glimpse of the openness of the U.S. and the world .
We , the Global Witness , are seeing this as a sign that it &apos;s time for exchange .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Joan .
It &apos;s been estimated that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , is going to be sending more hidden documents than it is put together in the world .
Could that be ?
Juan Assange : Well , can that be ?
The concern is that the colors of the world work so easily , that a group of activists are able to gather more information from this approach than the sum of the parts of the world .
CA : How does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing security ?
JS : Well , you might say that these people are classic inputs of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art cleaning approaches for delivering materials online , without leaving tracks , while information is being presented to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get information on an electronic basis , normally dressed or not , fixing it like a regular news agency , and we give it a form — what we rarely do is really difficult , because language is about the exchange of massive amounts of information , and our own separation from the inevitable legal and political population .
CA : It turns out , you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in a very rare event , and if we do know that at some point in time , it &apos;s as hard as we can measure information as soon as we can .
( Whistling ) After all .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious report that the government of Kenya announced after the election in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel and Moi .
He was the dictator of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this study , and together with one more attitude , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
It was a Kenyan press release .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information , before we got the election , the national election , of the 28 .
We published the report three days after the new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — and so this report to President in Kibaki became an unspeakable source .
CA : To summarize , you can say that accounting information has been transmitted to Kenya , not from the official media , but from the wrong media . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into the villages of Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it was possible to talk about it safely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and , by the way , Kenya &apos;s defense data , 10 percent changed its preference and it was taken by the winner of the election .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search engine is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , the Air Force video .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fucking , if you will , everybody will pay attention .
I see your element , four Humvees , go one after the other ...
I got it . All right . Sorry .
Show them when you see them . Shake .
Embrace them all .
First , anger !
( Cheers ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Cheers ) Sorry .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just ran eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see it .
Two , six , six , go .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , uh-oh . I bought them .
CA : So what was the effect of this video ?
JS : And for those of you who did that , it was true .
We sent two people to Baghdad to continue the study of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global appeal .
What do I think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen untold power .
These are the people who are walking the street carefully , and Apache is more than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shake and kill the people who are saving the drought .
There were two journalists who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning of the United States government , and it turns out that he acknowledged that this video had actually transmitted you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cup .
Five days ago , he was sentenced to receive a 300,000-pound assignment and a 50-year-old assignment .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at a grassroots program from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I was a big adventurer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of cups of diplomacy from the U.S.
JO : We would have been following them . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JO : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , let &apos;s say , the ruler of Arab states , the violation of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden frames , this is what it looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk about that a little bit more .
What is your philosophy of work ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information you can get to the market .
There &apos;s a lot of information there .
That the information that organizations have accumulated is not enough efforts and resources , it &apos;s a good brand , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , that the organizations that have access to that information that they know from the beginning to the end have a lot of effort to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk for dangerous individuals or for the whole society that information delivering can actually cause untapped consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , it &apos;s the politics of immunization that we have .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized — that could identify the person .
But there are cases where legal information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , in health data , it &apos;s okay to secret , but our sources that provide information have to really do it .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what you would say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the U.S. military , he would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to find out for those who have inexplicable motivations .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dying people .
It makes a impression — it impressed millions of people worldwide that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not like that . How did you get ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , the Afghans don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
This is what they see every day .
But video can change the way people think and understand things , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So your name is , is this a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly keeping your messages back ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have resources to be dissidents in other places .
If we did that , it would be a terrible situation for us , but we do our work to get people to feel the moral shift our goals , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing — what you &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience thought .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or big , heavy infantry , shining light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . You should be .
CA : That &apos;s the general story , Johannes , understands .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened to the intriguing event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : This is the illustration of our work , the everyday activity .
Last year , at the end of the year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil-rich avaries , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , just not so big .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of instances in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competing , various oil fields sprayed the building blocks .
And that struggle has been taken , and part of the government of Albania has been taken .
The engineering approach above was no explaining information , so it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what it was writing , although we did understand what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competing oil society is going to achieve for itself .
So we put the document in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just check it . &quot; &quot; And this week , we got a letter from the community that said , in order to find the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it actually belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they were documented by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s like one of our approaches to identifying or testing content , specifically to these guys writing letters to us .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intensive search and technical jobs going on .
And so our numbers in the last few months have come down because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in this , and now we &apos;ve redefined our basic systems .
The problem of pay transparency .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a huge amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s going to be the biggest amount of information that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what scares the opportunity — or scares the desire to work as journalists , or is there a lack of Slow magazine ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it affects the way we treat it , and we have to reframe it so that we have people who can work with the highest levels of national security data , and also less secrecy .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I read that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they went away from the section , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get Alzheimer &apos;s disease .
JS : What , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; , and you were quite young at the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I sent a newspaper that I was followed while I was growing up .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in a variety of ways .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by Russian mafia , wanting to revive your old bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care .
This insight came from my father and from other intelligent people that I met in my life .
CA : So intelligent , well-meaning people don &apos;t leave behind , they care about it ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I can defend the crowds — that &apos;s to give the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a burglar that was in me for a very long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something deliberate , combined with a bank account , and then the media accounts were forced to tell this story .
Instead , they transformed your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year we released the answer .
And national TV stations have been silenced for five minutes before the transaction , and as a movie , they know about the cloud coming in , and the readers have been wondering , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was being presented , and we were getting very impressive in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a feeling that this was never going to happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom survey , with the greatest preserve of journalists in the world , a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same for the Icelandic peace .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) The last question , Joan .
When you think about the future , how do I think it &apos;s going to be — or does the Big Bang even have more grim control , will it be more secretive , will we observe the Big Bang , or will the process of falling on both sides ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech in order to get more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can foster a very small movement , in our power to move one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to answer the audience &apos;s opinion , Johannes , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
It &apos;s a good day .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
I &apos;m going to talk to you today about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture , and I presented a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russian issues , recognizing people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he doesn &apos;t wear a violent bone , wanting not to be rejected by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades in Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the film , but I never saw his angle .
He blames his emotion , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not easy to be romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be found by women and to look like the aggressive Chief .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with the words : the irony , the Greek person comparing to the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting thing about sanctuary in Russia is that most of the 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so many girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am an elderly and I have no hope .
And that &apos;s why you see me with the bones of the Mexican fought , with the clouds of the warrior , sitting on your lap .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
As long as all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a particularly bad thing .
We evolve to be community and native .
And indeed , the consequence of that is greater social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something more like a game .
Before we had wonderful Play-Doh , we had wedding receptors .
People fought . People fought .
It &apos;s really exciting .
After Hudson , after 18 years , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to visualize epilepsy and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We made this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a mainstream story . We have skills as a local entertainment , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the outcome .
My big idea is just a small idea , to open up the millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Nonsense of women .
I experienced my deep inside what darkness was worth .
About two and a half years ago , I received a letter .
And I ran to the table , and I broke the branch , and the right eye was blowing .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time , I was teaching with doctors , with researchers , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to marry .
( Applause ) We women will be facing this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , sadly , men &apos;s insignificance has become equal to men .
I was having dinner with a guy who was feeling it was four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be somewhere more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really dressed in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to miss a trend , I &apos;m going to miss a couple of clubs , and we &apos;re going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans have grown too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Dalai Lama were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would have had their wedding very friendly and connected , maybe a sister would have noticed the glacier because it would have been beaten in seven or eight hours &apos; time , and they would have seen a shared image .
So right now , when we face a lot of the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude , efficiency into our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to zoom in and find some great ideas that inspire us , connect the arrows and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be very serious .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material — a hunger network , using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , ambitious forms , a scale equivalent to buildings in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college , I went to seven art schools , and all of them were rejected .
I started learning voluntarily , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give to the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I went to the town of Mahablanca .
And then came the last day , but my paintings didn &apos;t come back ...
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked up to the beach , and I saw stars pointing their oars in their speeches on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but I once looked at it immensely simple — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first favorite sculpture was originally designed in collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait , &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately replaced the sculpture .
I found her glorious surfaces , detaching with each wind , constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lithuania , and with the headlines .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that by miracle objects , they would become the ones that could make a difference ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hives of bees , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing a knee design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a long-term piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them blank , well-engineered , long-term , like the opposite of extremely frustrating and brief .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet brushes , drought , weather , duration and also would make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the glass in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000-pound peak of liquid .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the wind and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found a wonderful airplane engineer designing the burqa bars for the American developers , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the two , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I couldn &apos;t keep building it the same way , because my hands were frozen solid , couldn &apos;t hold a hurricane .
So I &apos;ve been working with an industrial browsing industry , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of manufacturing machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language in which you could develop this unique flow of conventional machine operators to make this happen .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two-year-olds were born , we raised 50,000 sq. ft — about 15,240 sq. ft — a net broken .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was built , long and never lost any authenticity .
( Applause ) This area was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
You walked through this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shut out the wind in choreography , and I felt like I had a confirmation and discovered a connection to the sky .
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create this kind of skyscraper for urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic rubber of the city of Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed more than just to create the sculptures of the Web .
So we experimented with the fragmented particles of water to create a dry mill that could be shaped by the wind , and in the experiment it explained , and also people who could be able to participate in all of this nondisclosure .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s like the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connectivity and ideas in the Biennial of the Americas , commissioned in Denver , the organizers asked me if I could imagine the warrior of the 35-year-old sitting in a single sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the storm blew across the Pacific .
He took the tectonic plates of the Earth and reported the melting of the planets , and on and off , he shrunk the Earth day .
I contacted the NOAA , and asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called the 1.26 , which means the microseconds that hit Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny , tiny , tiny network of material , 15 times more thin than a pendulum .
This sculpture was already intact , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design complex networks like this and model them in response to Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could use my creation in Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and build sculptures that look like skins .
As long as they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most necessary .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in the traditional creature , the form of visible .
Today , I &apos;m proposing this with high-tech and engineering to create these intricate structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
My friend Phoenix called me the city .
The lawyer , who never thought of art , never touched the local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to follow this sculpture .
With the costumes buried on the green , there were wind turbines pointing next to strangers shouting out the glass .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you , thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : No doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected through all of our sensory systems at the same time , and it creates a multitasking image of what this current moment looks like , how it thinks , how it feels , how it feels , how it sounds .
I &apos;m an energy creature , and I &apos;m connected to environmental energy through my right-hand corner .
At this moment , we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand corner is mostly thinking .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
