By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing all those people are going to notice is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty simple idea , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And so what I first thought about this was by Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , who died of a cancer , an online video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would come right after he died .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; Come on . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released from the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends shared this message that I wrote — as a first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archival may have been written better and more thoughtfully coordinated than many , but in fact , all of us today
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different pieces of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could have done is a couple of pictures and images of the house , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives in the cloud over time , year after year after year after year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technology , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdote after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I signed up at a magazine in Foursquare in New York .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ified . Even before I fail .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostroke : How afraid ?
So what this service says is , quite simply , they allow you to create a message or a video clip that can be published on Facebook as you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can post after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think as long as machines can understand human language and process huge amounts of data , analyzing somebody &apos;s life &apos;s content will be possible — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; pictures , videos , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating on so many scales .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s going to be possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the kind of content that we create and technology to do that in a meaningful content .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other TVs &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions about what you might say in your next news .
Well , now , as you can see , the results can be common .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical skills are advanced .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could connect with the unique characteristics of a single human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in its lifetime ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election in 2008 in America when CNN had just passed the CNN — hip hop , a holographic holograph in his studio with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them to a very similar kind of life , all the content that that was created by that person until they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capacity of technology to understand them and to both exponentially expand .
After all , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what this means for the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after their career &apos;s trauma — I call them the reporter .
These are people who have spent their careers caring for the elderly , growing up , demanding personal interest or personal health reasons .
And it has to do with all sorts of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers coming back to work , or senior immigrants coming back to work .
Going back to work after career breakfast is hard because of a loss between workers and restaurants .
When people see a wave of their lives in prison , they &apos;re describing their lives as a high risk , and the people who are perpetrating a career can doubt their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
That &apos;s the problem of discovery that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s printing has recently written about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the California Orange Coast , and she returned to work for a social service organization 25 years later .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy referred to a replacement of Today Show &apos;s descriptions , one that was used by people who tried to return to the present , but confronted the difficulty .
Tracy wrote that there were five kids &apos; mother who liked being in the house , but after graduation , she had to return to work , not because she really wanted to go back to work , because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us , when we feel that we &apos;ve done everything in search of work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first said to Tracy that she should leave home .
I told her that she had to go to the audience to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that you can &apos;t hear anywhere .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
We &apos;re just going to have the sun come up with the possibility of work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery I made when I tried to go back to work after 11 years of career breakfast .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or teach with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us , what &apos;s next is separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me driving my car a day after my day .
Or this is me in the kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only recall what you were , and it &apos;s a great cultivation of self-worth to connect with these people and to listen to their passion because they want to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t get any business news .
My area is the finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about companies that no longer exists .
So I had to reframe the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew again what was happening in the business world .
I believe that a restaurant is a working force , that &apos;s why .
We have lower levels of performance , lower levels of work .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the conditions for ourselves .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other hand , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have when they meet the restaurants .
First of all , the workers are really excited about the resistance of technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed , it &apos;s just a holiday .
I used the financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to re-learn Excel .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say to the restaurants , that the workers believe they &apos;re going to work with the basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they go in .
The second thing that workers are anxious about is they don &apos;t worry that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the restaurants that they need to work well and explain whether their interests and skills have changed or not before they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a working job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing an employee what extra value he can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following a program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the possibility of short-term learning , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising type of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a joint reintegration program .
I saw an engineer coming back , a nonprofit , reintegrated candidate , running the initial de-escalation program in the war , and then getting a full-time job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s in a magazine called &quot; &quot; The Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; A 40-Year-Year-Old Testament . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , and also for this illustration , which you see a 40-year-old student standing between college students .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they named the idea of &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services firms have reintegration rating programs for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are rewarded , and the people who move to permanent locations get competitive comparisons .
Now the seven largest engineering firms are trying to reintegrate the reintegrated feedback programs for engineers as part of the initiative , along with the Women &apos;s Progress .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to recruit real-world examples of work-life conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the number of risks that leaders take for granted by the reporter , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most employees were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for the repositories , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their veterans coming back to work on their reintegration software .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another dad from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the bureaucratic business in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that this would all be possible for something more , but nothing could be guaranteed .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and offices were closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marriage and hope for the best .
Well , she celebrated all their challenges , and not only did the company offer her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but she made it more interesting and more difficult because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They undertook her magic studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
The Tracy magazine was an attempt , as it turned out , and it was done in front of both Tracy and its partner .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating the institution as much as possible .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career , don &apos;t offer to a stalk or a stalk employee who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
Now I work in solar technology .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to put serious view of the environment using ...
using my crowd-sourcing approach .
This is just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can take some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just go ahead — I &apos;ll play the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older one .
The answer is yes .
And then , it &apos;s a vacation , and you can make a vacation .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are economic networks ?
What we looked at very closely was the network of relativity .
And we also replaced the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they come back and they &apos;re not connected to anything ?
It &apos;s a company that &apos;s more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to invite you to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao , and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object , which I call &quot; &quot; Search Television . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by my weird device , always asking me to do something about it , as if I were the extension of his body : turning on the light or bringing a glass of water to it , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was growing stronger , and I started to look at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a good person in the Indian family .
And what disturbed me most was how he used his mobile phone .
He &apos;d roll up a branch and expect me to grab a number .
So as the answer and the gift of my law , I made a &quot; &quot; Send phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s two people using it .
Just like my unit uses a phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a cage , print his elbow and bind it , and cut it out .
This device is automatically transmitted to an individual email address .
What you see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be very demanding and respectful of the ritual , like my box and I like it .
The next piece , the soundscape , is an institution that we deeply call &quot; &quot; The Monkey . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
This is how it works : we lay down walls , we lay down walls , and then we put little stickers behind them .
And as soon as it &apos;s all around them , they kind of sneak outside .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they blink .
So we pasted these postcards onto three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little cheeks behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they &apos;re like leaving behind bars .
They sound like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become resistant to the sounds of disruption .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Honk ) But they respond to the sound of the first plan . You &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to make them as animals .
So each petty is a behavior , a psychology , a desire path , a personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll get it right later .
We got them to respond to people , but we noticed that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Rain Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company that &apos;s in the field — the camera system , we built a software that allows a camera to follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an obscured video where the camera has made it invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Come on ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following him and it &apos;s disappearing .
This is a very early video that will not solve the problem of shipping and so forth , but it will soon be obsolete .
We used it like this : we installed a camera in the room , put it in space , and then put it on every wall .
And as soon as they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitors , with one exception : one person would always be invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a piece called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
From the outward , this object looked very strong and tense , and in between , it was very light .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they moved across the country , he was pushing the wall up .
And then eventually they got tired of it and they got angry .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that he &apos;d be preoccupied with his shoulder , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s floating around his head like an ear , very unexpected , slow motion .
His movement is defined by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the floor would be very similar , it would be standing underneath the whole space .
And there &apos;s no laws or flows .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People come into the room , the object is activated .
It &apos;s very slow , within a few minutes , kind of peeling over the pain , getting a reward , and it seems to be coming back .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to help him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help either , because in the end , he &apos;s kind of replacing himself .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard and hard , just like most of our work , to bring together the mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely rebuild his moment of criticism , because if we had designed it so that he would be upset , he would be upset , but if he wasn &apos;t upset enough , he wouldn &apos;t give up the sense of inevitability , so he didn &apos;t want to run .
I &apos;m going to show you a very quick video of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself changes .
This is a work that we &apos;ve been involved in , and we &apos;ve been working with the aesthetics of steel , with all sorts of different screws of optical fibers , twinkling like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a square shape of a jacket attached to a shape .
Our idea was to reconstitute something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a button and you &apos;re going to think of it more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece that &apos;s still being done , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , enjoys you , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with people around you — sort of trying to preserve a secret or something .
We work a lot with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it , because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors in our designs .
And if we just kind of flip through some creature , it seems that the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what it feels like to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , the relationship , the industry , the whole business , the brand .
And this is what happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m sure that someday it will enter history books a few hundred years later , and our generation will be remembered as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been found in personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector behind the flying saucer , and if you look closely , you can see this one over here , which says , &quot; &quot; Hello , come on . &quot; &quot; And this goes on , written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for the Palestinian refugee camps .
In fact , there &apos;s still a phone number as well as a Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore City , which is about 300 miles south of Abbottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
This is a typical street view .
And there &apos;s a street or a street next to this building , which is a 730 notch address in Allah Iqbal .
I pulled into the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basis and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we had a very interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt so satisfied by this realization that both Basin and Amjad computers were also struck hundreds of times by viruses , completely unrelated to them during that year .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s and the 1990s were no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve launched a system here that allows me to launch old software on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually set up some tools . Let &apos;s set it up here .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there are hundreds of moments in the computer , this is what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the sound .
( Audio ) And last example , guess what the Walker virus is doing .
Yes , when you turn around , you start walking by the guy on your screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the adolescents .
Today , they don &apos;t care about brains and teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab , for example , to follow the infections of the virus .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can see in real time and build up an idea of how many viruses , new C.O.s , we find every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered called Server.exe.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if you go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that happen every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re infected with these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts , where these guys are passing hidden computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can hack those computers — somebody else &apos;s computer — these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers are quietly setting up on your computer and recording everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and shipped to prisoners .
Every single one of your actions is protected and devastated by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the sessions when you join and you buy them at any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy your tickets online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in a server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of cards .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can log on to the web and you can buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is a problem .
We now have a fundamental marketplace and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
For example , how these men can actually work from their surgery , let &apos;s take a look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his crime partner , who also flew in the INTERPOL lists , like Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys had an operation called I.M. , a cybercriminal record surgery , where they had millions of cases .
Both of them are hidden now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. government agencies announced the Swiss bank account of the Swiss bank , for example , Jain and that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that cybercriminals are setting up programs , self-testing , testing their code , and they have relative systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how we protect people — and try to avoid any protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This surgery , which is thought to have come from Estonia , moves from country to country only when the page is trying to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get out of the way .
They change from country to country , from one law to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support lawyers globally when they do so .
So the Internet is like giving out free trains for cybercriminals all over the world .
So criminals who couldn &apos;t reach us then can now .
So , are we online seeking cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of a six-year-old file that has a cracket .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this picture failure on your Windows computer , the failure is actually going to take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the failure of this painting — this is the anterior of the painting , and this is the actual opening of the attack .
And that code has been encrypted , so let &apos;s break it down .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , it was so encouraged .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is already out .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like an organ anymore .
But just look at it .
You &apos;ll actually see here at the bottom here , you can see an online address : onononone-by-io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it will actually send that program and release it .
And this is the hidden device that the computer will take over .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to decipher the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
The code is there , under all description , like writing someone .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I threw it away .
There were no records . There were no records .
So I talked to men in the lab .
We have a couple of guys in the lab , and one of them thought that power is a rat , like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sank Peterburg .
For example , you can find this in phone numbers and in car numbers and things like that .
So I started looking at the interface of Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s a Russian man who &apos;s been running the Internet for a few years , and he has his own website , and he &apos;s leading his network to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And on this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in his early 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girl .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of wire and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good car for a 20-year-old boy from Sank Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
He actually went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of the incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he participated in .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the numbers on Mercedes are O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the online crime is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the websites of crime , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot cope with them .
I want it to be easier , but ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s not .
But it &apos;s changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they locked this thing .
This is Seven-400 PLC , programmed by a logical control brand .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , liver in this building is a very powerful thing to control these things .
And when Stuxnet turns on one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food production plant , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re very dependent on the Internet , from ordinary things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And there really is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have a way to work even though computers don &apos;t need to work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about sustainability , replicating cards , about things that really matter .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if you didn &apos;t wake up one day , for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life protecting the web , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t talk against cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do that globally , and we need to do that now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire distribution .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gateway for people to attack , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with gaps , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their gains for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend and I were on a road from Province , Rod Ailda , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling over the country &apos;s parks and national forests — literally the longest road we could go .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had been calling me for the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see all the time along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely ambivalently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally reads his face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these brands that we see in Chinese hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She just sticks with me for a few moments and then she turns laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the beautiful Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us and how we behave when it happens , and what we can all say about human nature .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking of failure , or at least avoid thinking of the possibility of failing ourselves .
We understand it in an abstract way .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is false — okay .
But as it evaporates to me right now , to all the circumstances that I have here , in real time , all of a sudden all of this abstract acceptance of failure is decoupled through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m missing .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we have time for dinner with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the present time .
In such a reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a journey through life , including this little feeling that we &apos;re really right about everything , the bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a society .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we insist on this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And lastly , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why are we stuck in this right ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to come down .
Not bad . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared , I &apos;m scared — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answer , but it &apos;s a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The realization that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be daunting , it can be daunting , it can actually be funny , as my silly aunt mistakes for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make it feel good .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you recall the animation of Loony Tunes , where a prosthetic socket was always running and never bothered by the bird ?
Almost every moment in this movie , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps off the track , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s bird and it can go .
But the thing is that the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , at least if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running , until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like that foot after he jumps out of the closet , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re laughing , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on some ground .
So I should actually tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , why we insist on this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals to let us know that we &apos;re wrong for something until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s another reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s cultural .
Contrast that for a moment to primary school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher draws the bill , and one of them looks like this .
Unfortunately , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what you think about a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do make mistakes are smart , irresponsible , and second of all , that in order to succeed in life , you never have to make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And a lot of us — and I think a lot of us in this room — are battling with it simply becoming ideal for small decades , perfect , masters .
Really , the head of the financial column , astrophysics , ultra-marathons ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except that we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s stuck in an opera .
She gets dressed , the surgeons do their work — they take care of her , they put her in a waterfall .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body fixed ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body in clothes , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the mayor of Beth Israel was speaking about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overconfidence feels like you &apos;re on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we all experience so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so we finally add things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil spill into the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
It means that you think your beliefs are just about to perfect .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as us , and when we shared that information more closely with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to make it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth , and they silence it for purpose personally .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This approach to our rights allows us to avoid mistakes when we all need it and make us act compassionately to each other .
But what really makes me sad and tragic is that it begins with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
That &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would have been incredibly boring .
The mystery of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The trouble is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s what it is .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Doctor said a famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sir Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Claude , it &apos;s called me . &quot;
Augustine realized that our ability to cheat is not some deadly human flaw , something we can either turn off or off .
That &apos;s the whole notion of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on there .
And unlike all the other animals , we &apos;re sitting there trying to figure this out .
I think this mania is the source of all of our productivity and creativity and so forth .
Last year , for a few reasons , I put myself in the audience &apos;s radio show , this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
And then I got some mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had the chance to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As the creator of the ship , we laugh that each of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen , and something else would happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , wonderful moments of failure and failure to make these stories look real . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
Our stories love mistakes .
But you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think it &apos;s going to happen , and instead everything else happens .
George Bush thought that he would lower Iraq , he would find a number of weapons of mass destruction that would liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he was going to be the president of Egypt for his life until he was too old and through the illness and he could transmit his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were going to grow up and go out of high school , come back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody &apos;s not going to enjoy , an audience that &apos;s never going to come .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create incredible stories about the world around us , and then the world turns around and surprises us .
Now don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know , why do we need all these innovation and advancements ?
Because half of the things that have been most valuable to think about and changing the world — TED1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee Kane , a Jewish wildlife leader .
Luckily , those plans were destroyed by the FTB .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Nosair was finally destroyed by their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
From my experience , I &apos;m saying that when people interact with each other , they realize that in life we want the same things for so long .
A few months ago , he gave me a speech , and he explained that for the last few weeks , his friends went to the emergency room in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my brown hole took a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , the target broke .
My uncle turned to another man , and in Arabic , he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all looked like they were funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought I had the same desire to marry my father .
These guys ended up sticking 650 kilos of fertilizer and leaving it at a lower level of parking lot , the global shopping center at the North Pole , which produced a fire that killed six people and killed more than 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I used to call me , which means the box .
I used to spend a lot of time in class when I was a new face , and I used to have a lot of experience .
I was raised to give people criteria that were not based on race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
My focus was on the death of my group when I was young , because I was a big fan of my life , and this topic was very exciting to me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
One day at the end of the conference , I found out that one of the kids I met were Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt confident that I could go through a barrier that was largely presented to me as disabled .
The second major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Garden of Fashion .
There I was showing all the beliefs and cultures , and this experience was central to the education of my long-term character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible impact .
I was given an opportunity to work on performances with some gay artists , and I soon realized that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for others , and I find it uncomfortable with good people not the way I would want them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes I had learned as a child with my lifelong experiences and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Country of God . &quot; &quot; The next year , Jon Stewart convinced me to be honest with myself about my own fanaticism , and it made me realize that human race , religious or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I almost needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that the comedian &apos;s message has made me a greater impact than my father &apos;s extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
I was talking to my mother one day about the cost of my world , and she said what I would hold next to my heart while I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of an adult who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I have become tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much effort I needed to hold myself in .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why have I opened my story and put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that somebody would have to use violence to hear my story and realize that there is a better way , and even though I &apos;ve been involved in this cruel , irolerant ideology , I haven &apos;t been obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose my experience to use the battle against terrorism against pessimism .
I do this because of the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible suffering and loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these feelings of my father and take control of my work .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son must not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of me , as I stood in my pockets , I realized I had no targets .
In fact , I could see them through the window on a rolling room table where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried other doors and windows , and they were all very well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night because I had an early morning road in Europe , and I needed my passion and my legacy .
As I fell deeper and deeper , I found a big rock and broke the corridor &apos;s window , I took out a glass of glass , stuck it inside , found a whole bunch of cardboard , and then I put it in my thigh , and I thought that morning , when I went to the airport , I could call the teacher to help me .
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not much cheaper than the average printer , so I figured , under the circumstances , it would look something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cartilage , which makes the heart pound , and it changes the adrenaline levels and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , I took a plane , flew back to the airport , and I prayed , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so I &apos;d returned to the plane &apos;s head by the toilet , to a seat that doesn &apos;t fly back , at eight hours .
Well , I had time to think about it for eight hours .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can we do something about it , design systems that protect it from such bad things ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the probability of catastrophe is already lowered .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel laureate , Danny Kahneman , and while I was sleeping , I was telling you about my disillusioned window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist , Gary Klein , who was written a few years ago , called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can think of as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house that &apos;s easy to do .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how public memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find fish , the bathroom of the hippocampus , where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that spans the race to the drivers in London .
This is the part that enables governments to find their own calls .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smoked the smell exactly right , and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using , by the way , a perfectly developed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not very good for moving things .
And so we lose the rocks of the machine , or the eyes of the reading and the backs .
So put your place in your house — a cable next to the door , maybe a decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The children are at a particular table .
If you squish the space and you really try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
Go ahead and take a picture of your credit card , take a look at your driver &apos;s license , and then download yourself in the cloud .
If these things are successful or they &apos;re successful , you &apos;re going to get them a lot easier .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , when you have stress , the brain is dividing by cartoon .
The Korean is terrifying , and it makes it hard to think .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to understand that , through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where we have to make really important decisions about our treatment or our loved ones or help them define themselves .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it applies to all the solutions involved in treatment , including financial or social solutions — to any solution that overestimate the rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; Once I got the lab results , your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with increasing risk of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower the cholesterol rate , the building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , and you may even know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not the fault of a doctor , if anything about it and the fault , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to make the most impressive building , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to make it happen ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medication for years , while they &apos;re having a heart attack , an insulin , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of food ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : following the pain of muscles and necks and knitting and knitting — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people consume medicine . One percent of those 300 suffer cardiovascular effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to replace your drug than to help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get that kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now , you might think that I took this number out of my mind to distract you , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , meaning men over 50 , providing prostate cancer is 50 .
Yes , we did 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection crashes , their secrecy destruction , their regular destruction , will mismatch .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is before you begin to think about the questions you should ask to have a conversation going forward .
You don &apos;t really want it to be instantly thought .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain , or do you want a longer life that can bring a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the occasion , but at least you will have tried it .
You don &apos;t need a burning system , or a liver system , or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s going through the window during stress is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important here to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have effective ways of lowering violence or lowering the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montreal , when I came back after my journey , I wrote down a master &apos;s deposit on the side of my door , with a piece of coding on the front door , and it was easy to remember the code .
I must confess that I still have a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t drink and a piece of cake that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see myself evolving as a further process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They hoped to attract the thoughts of many people around the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same prosthetic socket installed in the foreground , inside , two radiation tubes .
In October 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will then create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vaska da Game and Colombo have had the pleasure to discover new land .
We now have the time to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly done .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he painted America .
After Sputnik ran out , Sputnik created the whole thing .
A human being made up of the moon , seen by ordinary people , has driven respect and commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Tuesday , &quot; &quot; the media and politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was the evidence that our endeavors had influenced us in science and technology , and that now they can push us in a hydrogen bomb by Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Sputnik became one of the three biggest U.S. crimes , compared to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He saw a gun loading .
It &apos;s a space holder .
For Congress , within a year , the gap grew very rapidly : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was more than making weapons .
For example , some of you might remember that day in January of 1958 , the national preservation effort , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities showed up underground .
Or a Gallup survey which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear wars are going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For instance , some of you here got a scholarship for science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science , nature , and within the educational landscape , the rate has gone up dramatically .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed to those who know how to use media .
But it also shows us how we can change things that seem to be a very disadvantageous situation to what Americans in general have even benefited .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
Finally , I &apos;d like to use the price and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I worked at MIT for 44 , and I worked at the very first TED conference .
The third condition is less visible .
Is it all applied ? No , not exactly .
These are everyday objects : clothes , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to be replaced by soldiers .
These things were discovered in captives in my country of birth , and even speaking to us as experts , they were reinventing bodies from new detectors of mass caves , 20 years after the war has happened .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever discovered .
Throughout four conflicts raged , the heavy autism of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , around 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The International Committee of the Industrial Rights has violated a number of fears for human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their curiosity , their cultural heritage , and perhaps the same idea that they had ever existed , was ridiculous .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignorance .
There will always be legs — no perfect legislation .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no body should be recognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the victims carry with them to the execution point , they &apos;re highly managed , analyzed , engaged in the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Except , these things are used as a tool for us to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as very valuable assets in the prisoners of war-torn violence .
The rest of life is often asked to figure out who these things belonged to , in terms of them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of it is hardwired or sold by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost object , to create a visual archive that could easily see the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around the world .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforgiving and objective memory of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things guarantees that we understand each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; the right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will be discovered , there will only be body swimming in their pockets and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
While I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did — I photographed for every month every day .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they give you a lot of pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I want to share some projects going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to build these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and secrets .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Walking Show .
The audience is sort of going into the room and immediately touching these posters immediately on the wall .
In a few seconds , a kind of noticeable observer seems to distort and stop in a grim symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s a sketch of two creatures .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to go from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the 20th century , the alphabet , and the other is about 100 years old , the Composition of the Milky Way .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the biggest obstacle is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about that . And the smallest is the A4 format .
So the viewer gets in their space , and they all come to a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , then the panel becomes a reflective mirror for being in space , and it becomes lovely and self-loving until they , like , feel like they are in a room or a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite obvious that the boxes themselves are so highly held to define the rules that they , sort of , apply to the viewer &apos;s violation .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The user can see a piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a sheet of paper , which is made of two tiny hands of paper , and it was carried out of both sides of paper , and it was carried out of both sides of both sides of the payload and the payload by a small piece
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture is moving very , very slowly , just like these two hands are trying to hold a piece of paper without touching it for a long time , and it doesn &apos;t work for them .
So this instability is going to be a very reminiscent of the instability by camera hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here one by one .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video is interfering with the viewer and subjective perspective .
So we just took the camera off , and we just cracked the movement to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we kind of try to define the gesture of the cockroach , as if behind this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s as if I compare it to the number of breasts I have to do this session , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper to the observer in front of me .
The next piece is called mobs .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall glimpse — a head , and his only purpose is to attract his attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves in one direction and moves his arm further and further apart as the person recalls .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of themselves in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get a person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they look for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Maslow &apos;s collection .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like coming out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this consumer as sort of inviting the object and giving us a little bit of distance with our own image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that maybe needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shaped by the size of the audience to see the person onstage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at the size and the audience is sort of occupying my whole field of view .
There are 996 little shapes in the audience .
They learn to fly mechanically by choosing .
It means that each one of them can decide if and whenever they want to pay as hard and as long as they want to be done around them or how to affect others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer begins .
It can be a few holes or claws , and then nothing happens until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It can be anything from a few weightlifts in an audience or it can be very sound ovations .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism that also has a unique musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety of musical notes or structures of sound , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of solving and a sense of urgency and uncertainty .
It also has its own fragility and its own fragility .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because the head of the image is shared in two hands .
This is a brief animation , like the two brainstorms that connect to each other to find the meaning of doubt and inflammation .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t decide when we &apos;re going to get all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . It &apos;s called the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of the same size .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create our own race or a network that sits in a room and can be seen from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a particular perspective or a landscape into a single space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and first in the road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characteristics of cartoons and other groups of cartoons as if the plane had physically confirmed them to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance like they &apos;re fixed , and they don &apos;t have any interests , like they &apos;re restless and satisfied , until they feel the movement from the viewpoint to the next wall .
So we have a selfish contradiction for this project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of like a crime , but also a grid , because it allows them to remain locked and tired and irritable in the outside world .
So all of these true lifestyle habits that I &apos;m talking about are a little bit less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH in creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement wheel out of our multiplication and created a movement that connects the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s relatively small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and here it is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , and in the first week you do enough to make it harder for days to expect everything to be cut off . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every single letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I should spend a year writing .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a maze .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
It &apos;s nothing special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one who died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing I could do was write 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t wear one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I skipped through the city of students , I skipped slowly as a movie , and printing before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today , I am a writer online .
I wrote a blog called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I found an MRI lab that would damage my brain and indeed wireless brain so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the paycheck ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang does , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious jobs .
The great Mountain Bear is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : She &apos;s fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And for the monkey , humans are just one more kind of animal .
You have to remix , upset and upset your birthday , and all of that in life would change .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilizational society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why there &apos;s another living creature in our brain — the Rational Society of Defense that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do the best we can to do .
Sometimes it &apos;s helpful to take fun and easy things , like waiting for a dinner or going to bed , or enjoying a call with a pool .
So there &apos;s a shift .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not that kind of pleasant things with a collective image .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy of the Tamil game .
This is what happens when the freedom function shouldn &apos;t happen .
When Everyone conducts the Beijing , the question is , how do the performers typically end up in the blue zone , not in the kind of drama where things matter ?
And it turns out that the payload has a carbon fiber , which , from top of the observation , looks at it in the most difficult moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to come and work now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to feel India better . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I was staring at me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking away from it , and after a few seconds , the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panic Monster is going to get her scary — by the way , she &apos;s not gone !
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can take steel and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unambiguous behaviors of the unemployed , like something like me can &apos;t write a first letter in two weeks , and then with a magic career , it doesn &apos;t go up all night and write eight pages .
The situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
So that &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how the reporting affected their lives , how the Beijing influenced their lives .
Why do people stay in such a bad situation ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it , rather than about laughter , short-term focus .
It &apos;s mostly living in silence and alone .
It can cause a huge amount of unsatisfaction and despair .
I understood why people wrote these sentences and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not that they focused on a particular project .
This long-term attention has made them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , there are no caregivers .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe you &apos;re not as uncomfortable as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe you &apos;re familiar with terms , but remember : The monkey does behave when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window for every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t that many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to look carefully at this calendar .
We need to think about what we &apos;re really paying for , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
That &apos;s the job for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we should be starting today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person , Captain William Senison , who was confirmed recently at the Library of Congress in September 8 , 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , paved the way towards the cure for medical evacuation .
The amazing thing is that that day , because of the accident of the burn , one of the doctors on the country had turned on a GoPro camera and recorded this case .
This is a picture of Captain Senison bringing a cold warrior to a cake .
And I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is this ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a loving one , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I behave this way ?
On Verse , we give prizes to people who are willing to give to others so that we can benefit .
This is all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they &apos;re serving war .
Those better people are willing to connect with others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces work to reduce the flow of our lives .
So we treat social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call a safety net , an area where we feel like we &apos;re part of it .
And by feeling secure , natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
This means that at night , I can swim and confess that something out of a gentleman is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it tries to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plan done and get out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work forever , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization itself , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important , because the tone creates the leadership .
Every plane , I went on a journey , and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get to the airplane before I turned it on its number , and I was observing how he was working on his utility bill dealing with him as a taxpayer , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I went in .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , she said , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a word .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can go to church or not work . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe . She told me
You don &apos;t need your boss .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We like it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we have to take time and strength and assertion to each other , and that fundamentally drives our organization .
The best comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need to , push their faith to themselves , give them the opportunity to try and push back , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump , a tech company in New York , so this person says , when you have problems in your family , do you consider the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we leaving people working in our companies ?
Next Jump , you &apos;ll never be released by failed tasks .
Therefore , so many people feel so instinctively unsettling and so fun for the managers of those banks that get uncompromised comparisons and awards .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point was that they gave the most important principle of leadership .
They brought together promising social cohesion principles .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . none of us will .
Different leaders don &apos;t thank anyway .
They name numbers .
They would eat the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry-Wehmiller , in 2008 , gave a very impressive recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of her assignment .
In most manufacturing companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We had to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government sat down to answer the question of the solution .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
They have a heart attack , and it &apos;s a lot harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to run a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the manager , were asked to leave four weeks of untrained treatment .
Athropologists could choose anytime and not necessarily all four weeks in a row .
He said that it would be better for everybody to suffer after a while than for someone to cheat , and in that way , he threw the morality of employees .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we &apos;re not going to get people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few soldiers in the war zone , and as the soldiers were accepted , the leadership of the officer led the last and let them take care of their people , and they end up eating the food they offered .
And when they came back to the room , one of his people brought some food to understand it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that only their people are safe , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get natural responses — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their clothes and shirts to make their leadership a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood and your hair and your jaw behind that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that not the kind of organization we all want to work in ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned that from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant , who survived in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has been about how I &apos;ve helped her work in remote , rural areas .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city &apos;s borders , a life of many possibilities , without speech , culture and other barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . Get it together .
Go find Calais .
Something that &apos;s missing the mountain .
Please go and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world have a heart attack .
Part of these problems , I think , can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with smoking .
The children must survive inside the mother .
It depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child has a heart attack .
It drives contemporary and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these regions is dramatically increasing with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Malt was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t grow in the sky was a green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
Now that may not seem impossible to do , but it was the first successful attempt to generate the impact of this huge problem .
In this video , you can see how a very small catheter moves rhythm to the heart .
One person made a living .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In vitro and in live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
Only if it works can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After successful treatment , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles high .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the carbon between arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be healed , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated only half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We went back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the stories of writing complex letters with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing method and designed a design made out of a strong material that records shape .
It seems right now that the audience is enabling us to build a tool that doesn &apos;t fit because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structure process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
Doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device expands , it stands in place for support and enrichment .
We have this beautiful system of building that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we battle diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
This is a child in front of an operation .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is there , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From beginning to end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very useful in both the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the past are part of our team , a team , because of intimate interactions with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We get power from our patients .
Their ability to quickly capture power and their friendship drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for life , not for education or access .
So we need to start with a one-by-one model .
We give one tool at a time so we can make sure that every child survives .
We are in many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with one idea that &apos;s impossible , and we &apos;ll spread it out , really : not one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up on the wall of Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather , growing up in such complex conditions as when I was 17 years old , I was in the middle of a couple of friends &apos; lives , and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t you put something you can put on your skin and not wash it ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some dancing statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are widespread under conditions like this , and the main thing for these diseases is called pathogens .
Therefore , it &apos;s an infection in the eye where the eye is covered , and some of the infections that are lost can totally reject .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s minds every year , and the shocking truth about this is that preventing severe infections requires that you don &apos;t need medication , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to hurt , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusty mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have trust the Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds per hour — I
who looked like something out of a KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote down 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my phone too , I was the youngest person ever receiving the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I don &apos;t have to adjust anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I first started DryBath , and I
You climb onto the skin and you don &apos;t need a drink .
( Laughter ) So I first tried making a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to college and I met a few people , and we had a practice , and now we have a fully functional product that we can introduce to markets , and I can cultivate this product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t buy products at large .
They miss when they need it and how much they need , and Asma Alex does not miss all the rotten cigarettes , except one cigarette per day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started replacing DryBath on a small innovation journey .
Walk past half and print .
The cool part is that one cup of coffee falls off one cup of coffee .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
And we found that even rich parents want to use DriBath in their offspring . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We calculated that you can grow 80 million liters of water every time you consume heat , and you also provide two hours per day for children from villages — two hours of school , two hours for homework , two hours longer than a normal kid .
When we saw this kind of global benefit , we confirmed the definition of our product &apos;s basic functions , which was clean and honest .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the markets , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t earn .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;ve also picked the best student in the business world , the first African to come up with this approval , and the strangest thing is that I appreciated it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was at an all-time high school , and then I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at a white coat and saw several patients .
And a month into this , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , will this meet in the cost of taxation , or will we not forget patients ?
Most of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
It &apos;s done a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are aiming to reduce that growth .
Otherwise , new drugs are not being compensated , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
Many of the cost-effective solutions in health care are accepted .
You choose a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs to the physician , you can reduce the cost .
Finally , some doctors would say they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my art fellows are smart .
At BCG , we looked at this question , and we asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a health care system ?
So we kind of got a bit curious , and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s standards , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
On the screen behind me , you see what we have in terms of what we call &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the result of treating patients in relation to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you see my wish confirmed three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about studying was the transformation that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in the country , you might find that it &apos;s incredibly good , but the numbers of the bad are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My sister Eric suffers from a prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can travel to Germany , enjoying a good health care system .
If he goes to an average hospital here , the chances are that after treatment he &apos;s not going to have a damage is about 50 percent , so he should re-start using a keyboard .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either a year &apos;s worth of soldiers or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge — seven times a difference .
When we look at a lot of different diseases in different ways , we can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting meeting and were talking about what procedures they used to use in surgery .
On the left of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claims that &quot; &quot; my approach is better , &quot; &quot; but no one knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know and we can learn best . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cemetery into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold on , it actually serves well longer , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve taken the data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody has seen that it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together and said , what &apos;s the best thing , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedes surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and most don &apos;t .
I love that principle .
The therapists come together , the ones that are the best , they start the study , they share the data , they find the best and they learn from it .
Serious improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price on the balance , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been achieved by the smallest expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery , and a couple of years ago , a study that was done in relation to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to operate again in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. has been three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality and assigning its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say that these numbers are incredible , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say it could not only be done , but it should .
The most effective health care system is doctors and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do , given the quality of condition to the patients .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if somebody can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they &apos;ll do whatever they give them .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like other advice .
If a cardiologist invites another cardiologist to work in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital might reach somewhere better , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people would say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
This is actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s an accident .
It means the World Consortium on Health Media .
We bring in one area the best doctors and the patients , the illness after the illness , which is really qualitative , what we need to count and become international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , drug artery disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
Four groups are going to show workshops on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only to countries inside , but to international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , another year , 16 .
In three years , we &apos;re going to explore 40 percent of the disease burden .
Different things . What &apos;s better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest university in Northern Europe .
They have a new director , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control instinct to achieve quality , important patient outcomes . &quot;
That day , we sat in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than what we &apos;re doing now ?
We talked about how we treated children , how important improvements are ?
We talked about , what is the cost of patients , can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas and enthusiasm .
At the end of the session , the warrior stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he raised his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally discuss what this hospital is doing right now . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s value of health care is not only costly , but also the outcomes that patients see , we can transform the personality in hospitals and elsewhere health care into the system , not a problem , but a critical part of the solution .
I believe that looking at the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that modern medical assistant , beautiful Hippocrates , whose patient has always been the most important , washing their pockets .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that drive the success of companies , how important functions actually are to succeed in starting companies .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , you can unlock the potential of unlocked people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try to remain a metaphysical , avoid some of my feelings and maybe some of the misconceptions that I &apos;ve made based on a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been doing business for 12 years now , when I was in elementary school , I sold a solar-powered bus station when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in high school .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who were the most effective at the success of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first came up with an idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that perhaps a team , a practice , was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy from Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true of business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to facial expression from the customer .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear way of income from a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn out to be the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea appear too early , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Sooner or later , but should we learn the world ?
I went to 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these Ivy League , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — reached a billion dollar success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we believed a lot of them , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to resign all of these definitions of what it felt like for companies to follow each side .
And then I looked at unbelievable success , not in the ideal above , like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozone , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results surprised me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company showed up just in the back of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
The volunteers were looking for some extra money , and it was very important .
From our previous successes , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract joy .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was more important .
And then some of us failed .
We founded Z.com , which was a website development firm .
In 1999 to 2000 , the distribution of the peak was slow .
It was hard to look at the video on the web , add some code to the web and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Every two years later , when the code issue solved Adobe Flash and the content of the spreadsheet is over 50 percent in America , it &apos;s the same time that YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
Unfortunately , before YouTube , YouTube had no business model .
So to summarize , it &apos;s really important to do .
Idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to estimate time for customers is , are they ready for what you offer them ?
And hopefully , this insight may help you achieve higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great listener .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I was happy to start my student life , reading , having lunch , going to college campuses .
I was in the middle of it feeling very unhappy , unhappy and resilient , and I was terrified of other people , of the future , of failure , of dignity that I had inside me .
I left the seminar when it all started , and I drew to myself , I drew to my leg , and just like hundreds and hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice saying , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of class . &quot;
I said , there was nothing around it , but commentary clarity and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The voice came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded , and even after a while , oddly friendly and confident , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For instance , when I was angry and I was sleeping , and I kept falling because I was angry , so the voice was getting angry .
After a while , there was a heavy conversation going on , that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that there was something wrong with me .
I talked to my university doctors about how to do this .
And then I almost got interested in it , and I talked to him about some strange comment .
For instance , I worked at a television station with students who were transferring knowledge to a university area , and during one interview I said , &quot; &quot; Excuse me , Dr. , I need to go .
Since that moment , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to a hospital , and I got a schizophrenia diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrible feelings of admiration and admiration about myself and my future .
When I was determined to look at that voice not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to be counted increased .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices started to contradict and ridiculous .
Can you see that glass of water ?
It started with fear , prevention , belief and misunderstanding , and it was a book in which I felt ashamed , unable to find targets , rather than agreement .
Two years later , my role was pretty much balanced .
I had all this nonsense repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , uncompromising events .
Now , remembering those ugly years of almost everything seems to have died , but something has been saved .
The tribe was once shattered and destroyed by a person , but the person who delivered all of that was a bypass , and eventually brought to me the person I was tempted to become .
In my life , a lot of people have inspired me , and I remember them all , but those memories inhabit me against the people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same grass , but it always comes in the summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to bury all the good , well-intentioned people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those humiliating , singular places .
At first , it was very hard to believe that because the voice seemed counterintuitive and graceful , it was essential the first step — to learn to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I believed in it .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me how to interpret them as my own fear and insecurity in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real gift of voice .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
And when I finally got to the point where I had all these pieces , each pieces had my voice , and after a while I gave up all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be part of the International Hearing vote , an organization that &apos;s part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees votes as a strategy of survival , a health response to unintelligent environments , rather than divorce and a symptom of sch@@
That society is not only possible , it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
You cannot recognize the person who is impaired .
You can &apos;t get people who aren &apos;t afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Vote established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feelings of pride and unity , giving powerful people who are addressing mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unprecedented self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being encouraged by an instinctive piece of self to heal itself and an intellectual capacity to leverage that activity .
In this view , societal societies have no greater priority or privilege of helping others rescue their processes , to be resident and to raise their hands , to share the courage and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What hides inside us can never be interconnected , excluded and remembered .
The lights never go out .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photographs that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography caused me to set up my first digital camera while I was five years old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for drawing , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to design .
And when you take a picture , the process ends when you stop the ink .
So for me photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process starts when you stop the maggots .
These are pictures like this : road jobs are going on in the back of the road .
But there is an infidelity .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : preserve reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in some way as a photograph .
These are pictures that require a brief moment of reflection to understand a limb .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes this picture real ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a kind of a mirror of reality in which different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the Third World .
But to connect them together in a way they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , in a way that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain around because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a distribution of different realities .
So what creates the reality of photographs , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what makes us in our daily lives .
But when you take pictures , it &apos;s very important to think about everything , because in the other case , photographs just look kind of awful .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly remarkable .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : You don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
so you couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by printing colors , contrasts and light in transcripts and all sorts of images , translating photoreceptors like the eye , putting the colors and the silence together , we extract the boundaries between different images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be constructed out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this picture is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your own ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
By thinking about this idea , I knew I had to design for a few months , find different parts of the box .
For example , fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Crowds are different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put my house on red wall to look silly .
So to achieve the realistic result , I think the most important thing is plan .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we layer in , and we layer in different photographs .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at getting the right frames , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama shattered the secret sauce , the dense office world .
Once upon a time , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that a six-billion-dollar business owned by two billion U.S. dollars , related to President of Russia , Vladimir Putin and his childhood friend , a driven violinist .
There are more tellers who are concerned about the emergence of new stories , about the emergence of another document .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow to the core of public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organizations have this global commons called phenomenal .
Knowledge and political leaders care about how open-source space can be used to hide our slow motion , and we &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the open-air world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I think of it as a matrix .
Companies can be in another company , and they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s hidden behind all the structures .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and institutions and journalists and ordinary citizens can &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the U.S. news .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans out there who are hiding behind bars .
That &apos;s because the Mossack Foundation has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , or Germany , or Netherlands , we would see more communications with Americans .
The privilege in America has enabled employees to spread their students , their brothers , their investors .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it prevents students from dying .
Unfortunately , the United States comes back .
So what I &apos;d like to do is to take a closer look at the world of openness in the United States and the world .
We , the Global Witness , see this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can close the secrecy that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Good to come , Joan .
It &apos;s estimated that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , has been going to have more secretive documents than the entire world &apos;s printer combined .
Could that be ?
Juan Asanga : Well , can that be ?
The concern is that the entire world &apos;s print works so simple that a group of activists can generate more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does everything happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure sourcing safety ?
JA : You can say that these people are classic input recipients of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art cleaning approaches to get the materials online , without leaving behind trains while the information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium , law enforcement and legal protection .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages or not , fixing it as a normal news agency , and we give it a form — what we rarely do is really hard , because language goes to the public domain of huge amounts of information , and our own separation from the inevitable legal and political population .
CA : Well , it turns out you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are real , but you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know the person in a very rare event , and if we find that at some point in time , it &apos;s as much information as we can get .
( Telephone calling ) Come on .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JA : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a secret delay that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
Until 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the president of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki — the coalition that was trying to improve the corruption in Kenya — they did this study , and together with one more attack , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure before Moi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was the victory of a Kenyan journalist .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information in front of the election — the national election of the group 28 days .
We published the report three days later , when a new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Moi — so this report to President in Kibaki became an unprecedented fit .
CA : So in summary , you can say that accounting information has been swept up in Kenya , not from the official media , but inexpensively . You think it &apos;s actually changed the outcome of choice ?
JA : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s neighboring countries , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published securely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 nights , and Kenya &apos;s defense data replaced 10 percent of the vote and taken over by the winner of the election .
CA : It turns out that your search engine is fundamentally changing the world .
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fucking , as soon as possible , everybody will open up .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one after another ...
I got it . All right . Great .
Tell me when you see them . Shake .
Ask them all .
First , fire !
( Cheers ) Come on . Come on . ( Cheers ) Come on .
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just attacked eight people .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; in &#93; flying saucers , and even more exciting .
I got it . I see it .
Two or six , we speak two or six , we go .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After limbs , Kyle . All right , ah . I touched them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences for those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a further study of this story .
This shows just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? According to two Reuters &apos; news agencies .
JA : Two Reuters employees , two kids cheat .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global appeal .
What do I think was the main cause of dissatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache is a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter piece of calibrate , looking for wisdom to shame and kill people who rescue hatred .
There were two journalists out there who were really not mainstream , but they were working their way .
CA : Bradley Manning was invented by an analytician in the United States of America , and he claimed that he had made this video for you , and together , 280,000 slaves of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JA : We refused to accept these cubes .
Five days ago , he was sentenced for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 pounds of searching .
At the beginning of this year , we have a search engine from the U.S. Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I want to say that I was a common observer in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of cups of diplomatic books from the U.S.
JA : We would have been looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JU : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , say , the government of Arab countries , definitely the damage of human rights in those states .
Looking at these hidden globes , this is exactly what you see .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , how much information you can access to overmarkets .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That information that organizations don &apos;t have enough efforts and resources is going to go out , and that &apos;s a good sign , that lets you hope that you can achieve something good , that organizations that provide that information that knows everything from the start to the end have lots of jobs to encode that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or even societies that information delivering can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JA : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I want to say that we have a bad immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized , that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s doable to secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have to do that .
CA : You have to basically do it .
And what would you say , for example , if a father whose son is serving his son in the United States military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to find out about those unintelligent mothers .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people around the world believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My son is not . How are you doing ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JA : Yes , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for Baghdad , for people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch that video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see this every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand the people who teach it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into the secrets of black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem to you ironically that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly keeping your own information ?
JA : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have any Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources that are dissipated in any other source .
If we did this kind of work , we would have a bad situation , but we do our work in ways that people can feel the moral support of our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in recognizing — of what you &apos;re hearing — what the term of the TED audience is .
It &apos;s understandable that there can be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s actions .
Or big , heavy infantry , bringing light .
Or a dangerous predator .
What time is it ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . It should be something .
CA : This is the underlying list , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was interesting , right ?
Tell me about it .
JA : This is an illustration of our work , the daily activities .
Last year , at the end of the year , a notebook took place in Albania , a few oil fields like this in the Mississippi Delta , just not that big .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of instances where it was written that conservation workers from some competing , various oil companies sprayed the building blocks .
That battle was taken , and part of the government of Albania was involved .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t see him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is doing for its own purpose .
So we put the document up in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
It looks interesting , it &apos;s true , but we can &apos;t just look at it . And this week , we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to know the source of the documents . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly is the document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does he really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a beautiful picture of the document , and at Microsoft Word ID , they were documented by the authors of the document .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , right — we want these guys to write us a letter .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JA : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search engines and technical jobs .
And so the numbers of our publications in the last few months have come down because they &apos;ve become increasingly interested , and now we &apos;ve replaced our core systems .
The problem of pay transparency .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means we get a huge amount of information that goes into it , and it doesn &apos;t get enough people to process and check that information .
CA : And what defines the opportunity — is there a lack of willingness to work as journalists , or is there a lack of fun magazines ?
JA : Yes . And trust people .
I want to suggest that we are such an organization that is rapidly growing , and that is changing the way we treat it . We need to restructure that we have people working with the highest levels of national security , and also the lowest levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I read that you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JA : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they secreted from the secret , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would tell you that this is a recipe for how to fix it .
JA : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , &#91; unclear &#93; and quite a young lawyer .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist all the time .
I read a newspaper that I was followed while I was growing up .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I want to say that this is a method that you can apply in different activities .
Unfortunately , today it is mostly spotted by Russian mafia , wanting to secure your old bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what incident they have determined their choice ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that question because of the event .
But critical values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about their families .
This insight came from my father and other clever , source people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So smart , wild people don &apos;t leave themselves behind , they care about them ?
JA : Yes . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting way , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crowds — it &apos;s to provide the right crimes .
This is a piece that I had for a long time .
CA : So let me just tell you , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something surprising , along with the bank accounts , and then the media owned to tell this story .
Instead , they changed your position .
This gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
For every country , it was a difficult battle .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
Even in the last year , we did the answer .
And the national television station has been broadcast for five minutes before the transmission , and as a movie tells you about friendships , and the readers have been surprised , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time on TV , our website was shown , and we were in Iceland , we were driving , we were talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this would never happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that allowed Iceland to become a kind of official freedom license , with the greatest preserve of journalists in the world , created a new prize for free speech .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were identical to the Islands .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even more dramatic control , will it be more mysterious , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of falling apart ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen to us .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of expression to find more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a challenge for one or another can destroy a very small movement , in our power , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience a premise : Jennifer , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
It &apos;s a good day .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a Russian photographer .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today , I &apos;m going to talk about a project I call Desperate Romans .
I took a picture and made a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russian issues , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming , and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be selected as if he didn &apos;t have a self .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
Another portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Sanck Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He &apos;s blaming his emotion , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s expensive to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Pig .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new basis .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face , and I play with words : the irony , the Greek person comparing the person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about sanctuary in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are ready and willing to come .
We learn from childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am a girl , and I have no hope .
And so you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield lawn , almost immediately in his soil .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals , dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
While together , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a particularly bad thing .
We evolve to be community and nurtured .
And in fact , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
And I tried to solve this problem .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He believes why .
But this , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start doing something more like a game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had our own vortex .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine an episode of happiness and then give people the tools to access them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a story . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , creating a network , sustainability , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea , and it can open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women action . This is a full room .
Not messy women .
I &apos;ve experienced my neighbors what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
And I ran to the table , and I broke the branch , and the right eye was blowing .
And then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was a graduate student , I was talking to doctors , researchers , and here I am to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to emerge .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern males have become equal to males .
I recently had dinner with a guy who had been treated for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like an infinite number .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really dressed in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to put some tennis together , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them , and we &apos;re going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very engaged and productive ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to the Titanic .
And our titans are already over-exploded .
In fact , it doesn &apos;t seem to me that if the Dalai Lama brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crazy .
( Applause ) While all the brothers would have walked a couple very friendly and connected , maybe the sand would have noticed the glacier because it would have been packed in 7.5 or eight hours &apos; sleep and could have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face a lot of global crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally , what &apos;s good for us , what &apos;s causing more joy and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I urge you to reach out and find some great ideas that hide within us , connect the boxes and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about having a very serious review .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather simple material , a web of birds , for years using the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art school , and all of them were displaced .
I started a volunteer school , and I became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright scholarship and to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give to the paintings , I sent the paintings off to the boat , and I went to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not published .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast cancer .
But to create enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the emergency room , and I watched stars shifting their nets to talk to each other on the ground .
Every day I would see it , but once I saw it in that unusual way — a new opportunity to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first experiencing sculpture was originally designed in collaboration with these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Spirit Clouds . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately replaced the sculpture with the photos .
I found her glittering surfaces with every wind in me constantly changing her wrist .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , later on in Lithuania , and with the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from magic objects they would become something that could change ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hand-carved cups , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who designed a crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He wondered if I could build this as a long-term piece for a city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly fruit and vegetables .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plate that would hold ultraviolet brushes , fur , weather , duration and also make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the web above the glass in the middle .
So we &apos;ve launched this 100,000-pound peak , about 20 to 411 kilos of steel .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the snow and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I found some brilliant airplane engineers designing the fastest burner contents of the American fleet , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the question , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I could no longer build the same way , because my hands were not allowed to wash the buttons .
So I collaborated with an industrial fishing network , and I found out how they could make machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language you could have translated that unique flow of old flow to ordinary machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , after two children were born , we had 50,000 feet of broken network .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was building , long and unexpected .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
We walked through this sculpture for the first time .
I watched wind melt and choreographically create wind , and I felt like I found a contradiction and I found a connection with the heavens ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these sculptural glass blocks for cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic city of Philadelphia : its roof , I felt , was needed more than just a grid material to create sculptures .
So we experimented with the fragmented little bits of water to create a dry millimeter that could be shaped by wind , and in the experiment it explained , and also people who could be shared in all of those areas without lighting .
I use this material to create a subway path on the ground in real time , and it &apos;s sort of the x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : Connecticulture and ideas sprung up in the Biennial of the Americas , ran in Denver , and the organizers asked me if I could imagine the 35-week vacation and their joint in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami flowing across the Pacific .
He altered the tectonic plates of the Earth , the melting of the planets , and on and off , he shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked them if they would share the tsunami and convert it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means the microseconds that hit Earth day .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny , tiny , tiny web of material , 15 times cheaper than a piece .
This sculpture was already absolutely mysterious , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design complex networks like this and model them under the Earth &apos;s rail .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build sculptures that look like skins .
What they haven &apos;t yet been able to finance , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re most demanding .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create some attractive structures of scale .
My creative horizons expand .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer , who never thought of art , never touched a local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and decided to cut under this sculpture .
With the bones stuck on the floor , there were wind turbines , surrounded by strangers sharing a surprise discovery ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I essentially became the body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from each other .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : No doubt . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected through all of our sensory systems , and it creates a multidimensional picture of what this current moment looks like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels , what its sounds .
I am the energy essential , with the energy of the environment connected through my right-hand corner .
We &apos;re perfect at this moment , we &apos;re at the same time , we &apos;re wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand corner is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is mostly thinking .
All I could see was energy . energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
