In the end of this planet , there will be almost a billion people who are using social networking page .
The only thing that all these people are described is that they will all die .
Although it can be a pretty smart thought , I think it has a really deep meaning that &apos;s worth marketing .
And what I thought about this is what I thought of , was the U.K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist who died from cancer , and the blog was written in this year .
And what Miller did , and he asked her family and friends to write a video that would take away his death .
Here &apos;s what he wrote , like a manager .
He said , &quot; &quot; Well , that &apos;s dead , and that &apos;s my last video .
And I first asked that when my body would finally turn away from my cancer , that my family and friends would come to this message that I wrote — like the first part of that I wrote , translated this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Now , when he was a journalist , there was a bit better , and maybe a coordinarily coordinated part today than everybody else , but that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;re doing today .
Think about statistics .
Now there &apos;s 48 hours of video video on YouTube for every minute .
200 million &quot; &quot; Ted &quot; &quot; is sent every day .
And the average Facebook consumer produces 90 different parts of content every month .
So when you think about your parents or old parents , the best they could create , these are a few pictures of images , or a day of a video that &apos;s living somewhere in the box .
But today we all create this wonderful rich archive in the digital archy that will live in the cloud for years , the year you will never be .
And I think that &apos;s going to create a couple of unspeakable opportunities for technology .
Now , to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do is tell you a picture of how the present will look and future will come .
We &apos;ve noticed a couple of services that are created to us that we might decide what happens to our online profile and our social media after we die .
One of them , actually , quite comfortable me invented after I was registered in one of the New York in Foursquare in Fourton .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Al .
Mirl : Adam ?
Again : His .
Miring : Mirk can catch you anywhere , even when you &apos;re a organic restaurant .
Ah : What &apos;s the sound here ?
Mirls : Go to ifidi.Even as soon as I go .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostaper : How much fun with what ?
So what this provides is simply simply , they allow you to create a message or a video that can be published in Facebook poets when you die .
The other government is called 1,000 Remember .
And what it allows you to do is create an online respect for respect to your loved ones , the photos of video , and the stories that they can publish after that , when you die .
But what happens after that , I think it &apos;s much more interesting .
Many of you may have heard of Deb Roy , who showed that he could analyze more than 900,000 hours of video .
I think that while machines are able to understand people &apos;s language and capture huge amounts of data analyzing someone else &apos;s wealth is possible — the photos of &quot; &quot; Typics , photos , video recordings , video recordings — the recordings that we &apos;re doing in large quantities .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is that what &apos;s going to be possible is that our digital personality will continue to connect with a real world long after we die , every time we die right in the middle of the content that we have and technology to make a sense of content .
We can see an experiment in this field .
Another service called &quot; &quot; My next Tvit analysis &quot; &quot; analysis your whole Twitter , everything you &apos;ve been publishing on Twitter so that you could say your clip on your other text .
Well , now you see , results can be compassionate .
But you can imagine how something happens in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are improving .
It &apos;s starting to step back , MIT media managed to run by robots that make more like people .
But what if these robots could be communicated by a unique character of human characteristics , by hundreds of thousands of content parts that a man created over their life ?
In the end , think about this famous scene and election in 2008 , when CNN has broadly broadcasted will.D. hip musicians in his studio .
What if we could use that kind of test test to our loved preservation for transmission to our living room — with a very similar thing in life , based on all the content , to create that person they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible for data in terms of which we use and technology to understand them and together exponentially .
In addition , I think we all need to think about whether we would like to become the reality of it — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to be going to need to be the definition of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People are going to go to work after my career removed — I call them the refrigerators .
These are the people who have done a transition career to take care of older , nurtured children , to engage their personal interest or their health care .
And with this and all sorts of career tracking : veteras , rollers , retirement , pensioners , returned to work , or to the dad returned to the immigrants .
To go back to work after a career , it &apos;s hard because loss the relationship between the workers and the regular comedians .
Dururing people to try and find people watching their life writing as a big risk , and personally working through a career , can definitely reinvent their ability to new career , especially for a long time .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to address .
There are all kinds of superconductors everywhere else .
This is Safayas .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in J. In the Karal , who has not been working for five years to be home with their five children .
The act of cheese press has recently written about nurses coming into work after a long time .
Speaking a long interviewer in my career , here is Kahn .
She &apos;s a social work in California in California , who comes back to work to social services in 25 years .
This is the worst part of my removed career .
High-rights owner Sandra Day and Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy of Tracy , who didn &apos;t work 13 years old .
Tracy refled to the &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; invitation for people who tried to go back to silver , but they faced difficult .
And Tracy wrote that there are five kids who love to be in their house , but after the disparies , she needed to go back to work , and she really wanted to get back to her life because she had to work .
Tracy was what most of us , and most of us when we feel that we &apos;ve made everything to work .
She was looking for financial workers or butterers and spent the last nine months studying online and candidates without tangible performance .
I met Tracy in 2011 , when &quot; &quot; The Science Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with them to look at if I could see something different .
I first told the Tracy that she has to go out of home .
I told her she needs to go to public seek and tell all the strangers that she wants to go back .
And I also said , &quot; &quot; You have a lot of conversations that are not going to happen .
The point is that , and don &apos;t worry .
So just a slogan of these who will finally turn into work . &quot; &quot; And I &apos;m going to tell you what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share a discovery that I &apos;ve done when I &apos;ve tried to go back to 11 years after my career .
And the attitude of people are stopped you .
I mean , when you try to meet people from their past , people who work with or educate , they remember you as a career interviews .
And even if the sense of self passed on , what happens with most of us , what we are separated from our professional identities .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is where I &apos;m , when I was driving my day after my microphone .
Or I &apos;m in the kitchen .
But those people from the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They remember what you &apos;ve been , and it &apos;s a great deal of self-incentives to bring back to these people and hear their enthusiastic about that you want to go back to work .
And the other thing that I remember from my career is removed .
And it was that I didn &apos;t teach business news .
My field is funded , and I didn &apos;t follow news when I was home for four little children .
So I thought I &apos;d start talking through a conversation about companies that are not enough .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street at Journal Life , and read it for a good six months , from the beginning to start , until I felt again that what happens in business .
I believe that &quot; &quot; resoners &quot; &quot; is a good force , &quot; &quot; is why .
We have less confident or partner &apos;s partner .
We live more legacy life .
We have a great job of work .
We have a nuclear perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find ourselves a job account .
In addition , we have the energy to come back to work because we didn &apos;t have time .
The other half of a meeting , when I &apos;m talking to the workers , there are two concerns that the workers have an advertising &quot; retents . &quot;
The first is that jobs are excited that the Lreworks are coming from technology .
And I can tell you , I was the very technological reward , which is just a temporary state .
I would do a financial analysis over the long time that I used &quot; Love 33 . &quot;
I don &apos;t know if anyone else remembered this program , but I had to relearn the Excel .
In fact , it wasn &apos;t very difficult . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint causes a bigger challenge , but now I use it all the time .
I say , &quot; &quot; resonations &quot; &quot; that the jobs you &apos;re hoping that they &apos;re going to be working on a major bitorship software .
And if they stay there , then this is their responsibility to account .
And they spoke .
The second job of employees don &apos;t worry about &quot; &quot; resoners &quot; &quot; that they don &apos;t find that &quot; &quot; reteria &quot; doesn &apos;t know what to do .
I say , &quot; &quot; resoners &quot; &quot; that they need to work hard to try and figure out if they &apos;re interviewed and skill changed or not until they were a career out .
It &apos;s not a job of work .
It &apos;s &quot; &quot; resonance &quot; &quot; responsible to show a job of selection , how much value it can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been trying to get back to work from 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to notice a brilliant job opening , whether it was called a chapter , or not , but it was a sort of experience , like professional to come back to work .
I &apos;ve seen as the Goldman Sachs and Sarah Lee started a common program .
I &apos;ve seen as a engineer , an unpremitive military candidates , who suffered to a low-performing program in the military warrior , and after that , they got a job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities integrated into the middle of a career , an agenda .
So I wrote a announcement about what I saw , and this was the time I saw in a magazine at Harvard Report Report , called the 40-year-old Dusiness Report Center . &quot; &quot; I want to thank you for the editors , and I want to thank you for this illustration behind where you see the 40-meters of college .
And then , by the way , Fox Business News News , they &apos;ve called &quot; &quot; 50-year-old Declargers . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five funding funders have the intelligent functions that are coming back to those professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people in this case .
These categories are educated , and the people who move to the permanent position , they get competitive to compare .
Now , seven of the largest engineering companies are trying to represent the integration of visual engineering program to returns back to those engineers as initiative part of the Mooman Universities .
Why do companies choose the integration of the resources ?
Because the meerkats allow the employers to recuployed in real work , instead of asking conversations , and employers don &apos;t have to accept the permanent decision while the conversation is not finished .
And this kind of test continues to remove the risk of anxious indicators that are encounting &quot; &quot; resoners &quot; &quot; and they attracted great candidates that become great parenting .
Think about how much we got there .
Before that , many of the employees weren &apos;t really interested in trying to recuish the RDs .
But now it &apos;s not just that animation software are called &quot; &quot; resongs , &quot; &quot; but you cannot participate if you don &apos;t have the recordings of your life .
This is a real change , a real institute replacement , because if we can solve this &quot; &quot; restent problem , &quot; &quot; we can address it and other career changes .
In fact , one employee told me that their veteran was based on the program to their integration programs .
And there &apos;s no obstacles that it could be pensioners &apos; program .
The other part , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shuro .
Remember , she had everybody knows that she wants to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another parent of her community ended up officers for Tracy , and it was a butter in the financial section .
But it was a modern work .
The audience told me that there was an opportunity to turn into something more , but it couldn &apos;t sound anything .
It was 2011 .
Tracy liked a company and colleagues , and the office was closer than 10 to her home .
And even though she had a second job proposal to work in another company , and she decided to try this conversation and expect the best .
Well , she turned all his expectations , and the company didn &apos;t just offer her persistent work in 2012 , but he made it much more interesting and more complicated because he knew what Tracy could .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was high .
They paid her magic studio .
She even planted another &quot; &quot; restaurant &quot; &quot; to work .
The recience of Tracism was an attempt to try , just like a ceich , and it was finished in the back of Tracy , and it was all about her job .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reserving the idea of the more workers .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career , you don &apos;t have to suggest the demographical , or the type of trademo chief that doesn &apos;t have a burecipe for the integration program .
Put their first success , and you can become an example of addressing other refries .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today , I &apos;m going to talk about an unexpected discovery .
Now I work in the solar industry .
And my little launch . ( Laughter ) The new company is to bring up a serious view on the environment ...
It &apos;s using a minister contract .
It &apos;s just a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a little bit .
You can take a little bit of a rock .
( Laughter ) We can just catch — I &apos;ll spend the video — ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay .
The solar technology is ...
A , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the oldest female .
Unfortunately , the answer is yes .
And then , it &apos;s done , and when you test it , you can conclude .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So definitely definitely , the sum is more than the parts of it .
Where is the economic network ?
What we looked at was the network of owners .
And we also determined companies .
How do they do they do ? Are they separate , they &apos;re not connected ?
It &apos;s a company that involves more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain it , giving you an example .
Hello . I &apos;m going to invite you today to look at your eight projects , done with the artist Soren Pings .
We call &quot; &quot; Patient &amp; Rao &quot; &quot; and we live in India .
I &apos;d like to start with my first object that I call &quot; &quot; Thanks phone . &quot; &quot; And he was inspired by my tracking weird mind constantly for me to ask something to do for doing it , like I would have a body continued to turn light or turn it into a block of water .
And as I grew up , it was still stronger , and I began to look at it as a kind of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t tell you anything , because the uncle was a good person in the family .
And that &apos;s what frustrated me and trigued most , was his way to use a boyphone .
He would pick up a yellow and believe that I would pick it up .
So as a response and a gift to my unit , I made &quot; &quot; Thanks a phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people to use it .
It &apos;s exactly how my phone uses a phone to create one person .
But when I left the house , I went to school , I began to drop his instructions .
So I made him a golden machine writing , which he could send his signs over the world and daughters all over the world .
Everything he needs to do is take a piece of paper , put it in a wheelchair , print your email and push it away .
This device automatically sent a private email .
And what you see here is that we tested a lot of electronic electrons , which realizes mechanical action and transform them digital .
So my uncle works with a mechanical interface .
And , of course , things had to be especially asked for hearing and immense ritual , as my unlike .
The work is a famous installation that we both call &quot; &quot; Pignalians . &quot; &quot; And we wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounding very mirror , sensitive and lovely genome .
This is how it works : on the walls , we &apos;re putting these flat , and it &apos;s driving down little things .
And once it comes around , they would like to sit down .
And if it gets even more quietly , they push their blind .
And from the most artist , they deck .
So we took these flat boxes on three rooms .
And we &apos;ve planted more than 500 little pigs .
That &apos;s what it looks like .
It &apos;s a prototype .
And as soon as it becomes silly , they would like to fly out of flat .
They hear like people or another creature .
So for the long run , they become rapidly resistant to the frightens .
And they don &apos;t find the same thing to the foundation .
You &apos;ll hear a train that they hate .
( Signal ) But they respond to the first plano sound , and I heard that .
( Speaking ) We &apos;re trying to make them as alive .
So each pigment has gone — a self-behavior , mental , adventure , personality and thing .
This is one of the first prototype .
Of course , it &apos;s much harder .
We made them react to people , but we noticed that people would sit next to them and childhood .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Dingdom Man . &quot; &quot; And we were very intriguing the opportunity to overcome the invisible idea .
How can you experience the feeling you &apos;re invisible ?
So cooperation with a company that is looking at the cameras system , created software that can follow people in a room and change one of them , made it invisible .
I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right side , you see , my colleague Soren , who is really in this space .
And on the left side , you see an apartment on the left , where a camera is made it invisible .
Soren walks into the room . It &apos;s invisible .
And you can see that the camera is tracking and delete .
It &apos;s a very early video that &apos;s not solving unchanged and dissolved problems .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room , turned it into space , and then after monitor on every wall .
And so the people in the room would see themselves in a monitor , with one exception : one person was constantly invisible to me as a group would move in a room .
And this is a job called &quot; &quot; The Soon Wadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a piece of paper , like a child &apos;s dragged or suns .
From this object , this object seemed very strong and stronger , whereas , it &apos;s very weak .
So people who walked in the room , they wouldn &apos;t pay attention to him , thinking it &apos;s just some kind of person .
But just as soon as they walked through , he would get out to climb the wall .
At the end , the till didn &apos;t get tired , and it broke down .
( Laughter ) This job is a value of a human cartoon .
His head is so hard , full of heavy members that she would like to be fold , and his body grows almost as a plant .
It blows around his head as if it &apos;s drunk , it &apos;s very unpredictable , slow motion .
His movement is limited to circles .
If there was no circle there , and it would be very equal , it would take it all over the space .
And there &apos;s no expense or no wheels .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : when people go into the room , objects are activated .
It &apos;s very slowly , within a few minutes , you would like to walk through the wheelchair , you get the speed , and it seems to be more stressed .
And it &apos;s an important moment because that &apos;s how we wanted to inject the viewer installers to help him save .
But actually , he doesn &apos;t need help because eventually he again , like turning the same way .
This is a real challenge for us , so we worked for a long time and hard , as in many ways , to recomplace mechanical , balance and dynamic aspects .
We were very important to identify the crisis of his crime , because if we were facilizing it , it would be disappointed , it would be disappointed — but if it didn &apos;t turn enough sense of inevitable sensory , so it doesn &apos;t stop him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video of where we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
This is my colleague .
He &apos;s not impleted right now , so he &apos;s running .
But it doesn &apos;t really need , because the object comes in itself .
This is a very , particularly attracted job , and we worked with an aesthetic village , a lot of dilute fluctuations , trading inches of stars .
It looks like a night sky .
And all of this came around in a shuttle form of space , fluid .
Our idea was to grey something like that cold , remote and abstract , like the universe , familiar with a form of steel wood , and it felt like remorse .
And the idea that the louder was that after some time you &apos;re going to look at this shape as the wooden and you take to realize it as much as the hole space , as you look through it in the sail of the night .
And that &apos;s the last job , still the one that is called the &quot; &quot; Eror of Erspirit . &quot; &quot; So imagine a little bit of a trick in the middle of the fibers , in the middle of the room , which is trying to get closer to you , trying to grow up , regrow up to double and eight meters .
So this object without being expanding and contract , and it &apos;s based on a dynamic connection to people around — like , you would try to save a secret or mystery .
We &apos;re working with a lot of technics in my work , but we don &apos;t really like it because it &apos;s year that we &apos;ve been making nervous .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express behaviors and behaviors and behavior .
And if we think about the head of something creature looks like a creative process is trying to find out how this creature wants to exist , how this creature wants to be .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think about how much it takes us .
Think about all the services we &apos;re using , the relationship , the entertainment , the whole business , the marketing .
And that &apos;s happening all of our life .
I &apos;m convinced that one day , this is going to put into stories of books a few years later , and in this time , we &apos;re going to be thinking about again as repeating the Internet , repeating the whole generation that created something really global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that there &apos;s problems on the Internet , it &apos;s really serious problems with security and problems .
I was struggling all my career with these issues .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a conductor — 13.4 cat conductor Brazilian virus .
It &apos;s the very first virus for private computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know it &apos;s written in the same code .
Look .
Okay .
This is the consistent sector , and if you look at the sector , and if you look at it , we can see here , said , &quot; &quot; Helcome to the angle . &quot; &quot; And so that goes on , she goes on , 1986 , and Amad .
And Basit and Amad are the names of the names , and the constaurant names .
In fact , there &apos;s another number of phone number and Pakistan address .
( Laughter ) So 1986 .
Now , 2011 .
This is 25 years back .
The United States is already 25 years .
So before I went to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I &apos;ve done until I &apos;ve done in Pakistan .
This one in Lahlean city , which is about 300 miles away from Sbobottabad , where it was caught in Baden .
This is a typical image of a street .
And here &apos;s a street or a few toward this building , which is 730 Nizam block Allama in the city .
I took the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what the door opened ?
Basit and America , they still get there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit stand .
His brother America is sitting .
These were the first signs of AK Street .
Now , of course , we had a really interesting conversation .
I asked them why .
And I asked them what they started .
And I felt like this sort of convention because of the understanding of this kind of Basit both America were also infected by hundreds of times , completely unrelated to their year .
So in the world , there is justice .
The ones we used to see in 1980s and 1990s , of course , it &apos;s not a problem .
Let me show you some examples of how they looked .
I &apos;ve launched a system that allows me to let an old program on modern computers .
So now let &apos;s turn it into a few factories . Let &apos;s go over here .
Here we have an old virus list .
So I &apos;m going to launch some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with a Central virus .
So you can see the screen on the top of your computer , and you can see a hundred pounds , it &apos;s happening when you contract this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . It &apos;s a virus called Craffe that was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one that is with sound .
( Cheers ) And the last example , look at what Walker does .
Yes , when you hit , you start a guy who starts a child .
So it was easy to understand that you &apos;re infected by virus in the days when the viruses were produced by teenagers and teenagers .
Today , they don &apos;t produce teenagers and teenagers .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here is a screen of our system that we use in our labor , is an example of which we use severe creatures in the world .
So we can see in real time that we just blocked the kitchen and Swedish , and in Taiwwwan , and in Russia , a lot of cheeks .
In fact , if I &apos;m going to join our labor system over the Internet , we will be able to see real time and try to construct an idea of how many viruses , new kinds of spectrum we find every day .
Here &apos;s the latest virus we found in a film called Servere..
And we found him just three seconds ago — the last one , six seconds .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a big number .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s only the last 20 minutes of volunteers that have locked every day .
And where are they all come from ?
Well today , this is the most organized crime group , who are writing these viruses because they &apos;re working on viruses .
It &apos;s a group like — let &apos;s go to Gancocks.
It &apos;s a website that &apos;s performing in Masquantum , where these guys are doing these guys .
So if you &apos;re a virus writer and you &apos;re able to infect Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can get these laptops — somebody else &apos;s computers — these guys .
And they even pay you for those computers .
So how are these guys doing their laptops ?
Well , there are a few different ways , say bill &quot; &quot; tropics , &quot; &quot; which will take money from your Internet banking , when you use it , or it can be distrative . &quot;
&quot; &quot; The Kylogists will hide your computer and video everything you &apos;re printing .
So you &apos;re at your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google search engine that you printed is protected and descended crimines .
Every one of you . It &apos;s safe , and it &apos;s crime .
The same same is true and every single secret for you , etc .
But what they &apos;re most looking for is the sister when you touch and you buy anything on the Internet .
Because when you buy the Internet in the stock market , you need to record your name , you need a replacement , a credit card , and a credit card .
And here &apos;s an example of a film that we found a couple weeks ago .
This is a credit number of credit card , the end of the time surplus protection and corporate owner &apos;s name .
When you get access to someone else &apos;s credit card , you can join the web and the information you get to buy .
And it &apos;s obvious , it &apos;s a problem .
We now have an entire website and a business ecosystem that is created by a crime discrimination .
Well , an example of how these guys are actually able to work out of their surgeries , let &apos;s go and look at INPD pages and search for the most compelling personalities .
We &apos;re going to find people like Bjorn Sundin , coming out of Sweden , and his crime partner who &apos;s also going to get into INSH &apos;s list in the list , Shaihsih Jaimon , U.K. , U.S.
These guys ran an operation called I.M. , a crime crime surgery that they encountered millions .
They are secret now .
Nobody knows where they are .
A few weeks ago , J.A. O.V. offered the bank account in Switzerland , put a question in punk , and in that banking was 1.9 million dollars in America .
So the internetworks are actually generating huge amounts of money .
And that means that internetworks crimes can afford to invest in the future attacks .
We know that internetworks are highly cried by software , extending tests , selling their cores and have their supply systems with SSH database .
And they can afford to be able to watch as we work — as protection people work — and try to remove away from any drug protection that we &apos;ve created .
They also use global warriors to advance the Internet .
I mean , Internet is international .
That &apos;s the reason why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what happens right now in the virtual world , this is a video that is created by a Claser Networks , which shows how one of the drawers can move around the world .
This operation , which believed from Estian , moving from one country to the next page to an attempt .
So these guys are just impossible to disappear .
They &apos;re going to change from one country to another , from one sensor dictators to the other — sensing around the world , using fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity to support the law when they do this .
So the Internet is kind of like something that &apos;s given for free planes for all the international crimes .
So the criminalists that haven &apos;t been able to achieve — now they can do .
So , are we going to go online and looking for international crime ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one infection .
This is where I look at the six-axis of a fix-and-severe file , which is a rid .
And that actually means if you tried to look at this picture of a painting in your Windows , the filter really transitions in your computer and paleine .
So if you look at this picture of this affected — well there &apos;s an affair description , and this is the real cause of code .
And that code was coded , so let &apos;s get it out .
He was covered in the 18th OR function 97 .
You just need to believe me , he was so depressed .
And we can go here and actually take it out .
Well the yellow coat is already decled right now .
And I know , it doesn &apos;t really look like something else than the orginal .
But look at him .
You can actually see that there &apos;s an online address here , you can actually see the Internet advertising : unisix./ / / / / / / / ooon , and when you look at this affair , it &apos;s actually going to send it to a program and wait .
And it &apos;s a secret to get through the computer .
But even more interesting is that if we continue to define the code , we will find a strange text that says in Oxford in O700 .
The code is here , after all , creature sort of written as something .
He &apos;s not using anyone .
And I looked at him watching what he meant .
So I googled him .
There was no records , no records there .
So I spoke to the guy &apos;s labor .
We have a couple of really rural labor , and one of them said that the gallery is like Russia .
And 78 there &apos;s a city city in Searly Peter &apos;s sleep .
For example , you can find this phone number and cars and look in similar kinds of things .
So I started looking for contact Searly Peterburg , and through long clinics , we finally found this kind of page .
This is a rusk that worked online for a few years , which has his personal website , and he leads his blog in the popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this network , he says about his life as he lives in Sout Peterburg — he &apos;s in his three decades — writing about his cat .
And he has a very beautiful car .
In fact , this guy is a kid who is rowing the Gul-Benz S600 with six foreign engine and more than 400 arthick power .
Well , it &apos;s a beautiful car for 20 a few years from Searly Peterburgh .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote this on his website .
In fact , it got into the crash .
On the center of Peter &apos;s mouth , he got to the next car .
And he put photos about that incident in his website — this is his Girds — here &apos;s Lada Samara that he &apos;s infected .
And you can see that the Samara number is coming out of 78RUS .
And if you look at the crash picture , you can see that the number of designers in Mercedes are OL800 UUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were to say , &quot; &quot; Byla &apos;s finished . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when the internet crimines get ?
Well , it &apos;s usually not that far .
The vast majority of internetworks , we don &apos;t even know from the continents on the continent .
And even if we find an internetworks crime , it &apos;s quite quite a result .
The police don &apos;t do anything , and if they do it , there &apos;s no evidence , or there &apos;s some reason we cannot get them .
I want it to be ordinary , but the idea is not .
But it all changes quite quickly .
You &apos;ve heard of things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , it &apos;s what they infected .
This is the Shemens S400 PLC , programmed with a logical control .
And that &apos;s what happens by our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what &apos;s controlling us all around us .
PC , these little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , a keyboard that are programmed to put their place and do their job .
For example , in this building , there &apos;s a very powerful thing that controls these things .
And when the Stuxnet blocks down here , there &apos;s a huge revolution in which we need to worry about .
Because everything around us are driven by these things .
I mean , we have a critic infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any factory that you &apos;re sleeping , any chemistry factory , and you buy a food factory , you eat it — it &apos;s all in the computers .
It &apos;s all in the computers .
It depends on the computer .
We became very dependent on the Internet , from usual things like electricity , of course , from the computer .
And there &apos;s really something that makes us completely new problems .
We need to have some way of doing things to work in even if computers don &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So the ready means that we can do things even when we understand things .
It &apos;s actually a very simple thing — thinking about continuation , about resurrounding copies , about things that are important .
Now I said to you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . It &apos;s really .
Just think about all the services we get online .
Think about what if they were separated from you , if one day you didn &apos;t have them , for one day or another .
I see beauty in the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I &apos;m anxious that we face problems because of international crime .
The Internet crime is one thing that can take these things out of us .
( Laughter ) I spent my life protecting a network , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight the Internet crime , we risk everything to lose .
We need to do that globally and we have to do this now .
What we need is more global warming , international security seekers on the Internet crime group — these organized groups that have done millions of their forests .
It &apos;s a lot more important to ignore anti-virus programs and the fire release .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s a really radiation for the people who have , and more importantly , we have to find those people who are preparing to be part of this international crime in the world , but it &apos;s not even more .
We need to find people with gabytes , but without any opportunities and give them the opportunity to use these types of good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So there was 1995 , I &apos;ve been studying college together with a train from Provil , Rod Ailton , to Portaga in Orega .
You know , we &apos;re a young and an unhappy job , so we go on a remaining road road in state parks and national forest — practically the longest path we could do .
And somewhere in the middle of the South Dakota , I turned to my friend and I gave a question that made me last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What is that Chinese hygienist that I still see next door ? &quot;
My friend looked at me absolutely doubt .
In fact , the gentleman from the first row is ideally transitioning her face .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;ll go further , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signs that we see on the elegant hygienist . &quot; &quot; And she &apos;s just spoke at me for a few moments , and then it &apos;s funny , because understanding what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Now , the markers are called the elegant hyergienist . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes don &apos;t understand the brand around us , and how we do we go , and what happens is what we can say about human nature .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard of Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
It might look like a strange career step , but actually , there &apos;s one great deal : no competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything that we can avoid thinking about failure , or even to avoid thinking about the possibility of our own race .
We see this abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
People , in general , are clinical — good .
But when it comes down to me right now , to all of my beliefs here , all over time , all of this abstract mistakes is recognized from the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that &apos;s wrong .
The point is that the fourth time is where we live .
We &apos;re going to go to meetings ; we &apos;re spending time with a family , and we go to the election , and we go and vote in time .
That &apos;s what we &apos;re all sort of focused on a journey through life , and it &apos;s in this tiny feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , bubble .
I think this is a problem .
I think that &apos;s the problem for everybody , as an individual and professional life , and I think , this is the problem for all of us as cultures .
So what I want to do today is first , first of all , talk about why we get in this justice sense .
And second , why this is a problem .
And finally , I want to convince you that there &apos;s possible to go out of such feelings , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative activity we can do .
So why are we bringing in this right ?
One reason is , in fact , it &apos;s involved in feelings when we go wrong .
So let me ask you this question — or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re here at this point : What is emotional , how do you feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s good .
Yeah . OK . OK , good , good .
It &apos;s a young , weddler down , it &apos;s not fun — thank you , it &apos;s a very good answers , but it &apos;s the answer to that question .
You guys say , &quot; &quot; What is the question : What is it like to feel like to fail ?
( Laughter ) Suddenly you can fail , like this and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be sketching , it can be demasing , in fact , it can be funny , like my silly mistakes , because of symbol .
But being wrong , it doesn &apos;t feel like it .
I &apos;ll give you an analogy .
Do you remember Loony Tunes animation where they were hopeless legs , constantly frustrating , and you never get the high runner ?
Over every single video of this film , they would have a moment where the legs dropped up , and the birth jump off , it &apos;s good , it &apos;s good , it can fly off .
But the thing is that legs are running after him .
And what &apos;s funny is , at least , if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s all very good .
It &apos;s just continuing to go , and at the moment , when you look down and feel he &apos;s in the air .
That &apos;s where it falls .
When we look at something , not when we perceive it , but we are like this leg after it , and before it jumps off the tock , and before it &apos;s looking down .
You know , we &apos;re in the wrong way , but we &apos;re in trouble , but we feel like we &apos;re a German .
So , in fact , I should be willing to look for what I said before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel right .
( Laughter ) So this is one reason , the structure of structure , why we &apos;re in this sense that we &apos;re right .
I call it wrong .
For most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signal to allow us to find out that there &apos;s something wrong that &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason why we put in this audience — and it &apos;s cultures .
Get your thoughts with a short school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher returned the test sheets , and one of them looks like this .
And by the way , it &apos;s not about it .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in the early school , and you know what a child who has received this leather .
A child , a sustainable arms , that never does homework .
So to slow nine , you already have learned that first of all , those people who do wrong are wrong , and the second one that &apos;s going to do is that we need to make a failure .
We learn these are actually a bad lesson .
And many of us — and I guess , especially many of us here in this room — being used to do it with idealists , minimal , perfectionists .
Now , the principal of financial policy , the astrorist , the ultra-marathons ?
( Laughter ) It looks like all of you are the principal of Finance , astrophysicists , ultra-shirt .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except that we were scary of fear that we did something wrong .
Because when it turns out , something wrong means that there &apos;s something wrong with us .
So we &apos;re just referred to think that we &apos;re right , because because we feel smart , responsible and safety .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to Beth Israel in medical center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a university Harvard hospital — one of the greatest hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in , and this woman is caught into operational .
She &apos;s predicted , surgeon makes her work — a coat , and deserve it into an operational mix .
It &apos;s funny that it &apos;s done .
She looks at the buntu , and she looks back at him , and she says , &quot; &quot; Why is this dynamic not the middle of my body ? &quot; &quot; So not the side of her body &apos;s side , because the surgeon had done a serious operation in her leg instead of the right .
When Beth Israel health care care about this incident , he told him something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeon simply felt that he was in the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The story of this story is , too , too , the real sense of feeling that you &apos;re in the right side can be very dangerous .
The real sense of being that we all experience , that is so often not a consequence in the outside world .
And when we do it , and we stop analyzing the possibility that we &apos;re in clinical , so then we finally add things like 757 million lions of oil attached to Mexico , or universally inflamulation .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think the moment about what it means to be passionate .
It means that you think your beliefs just perfect reality .
And when you feel that you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality for all the people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
And so that &apos;s where most people come out of the reality of people are interested in similar ways — disruptive assumptions .
The first thing we usually do is when someone doesn &apos;t agree with us , we think they &apos;re insane .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information , like us , and when we dosaurs share information with them , they will collit light and join us .
When it doesn &apos;t work when it turns out that those people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we &apos;re going to move to the second assumption that they are idiot .
( Laughter ) They have all the right procrastinator , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work when it turns out that those people who don &apos;t agree with us who know the same facts , and they &apos;re quite smart , we &apos;re going to go to the third assumption : they know it , and it &apos;s out of personality .
So that &apos;s catastrophic .
And this brings us to our statement , to avoid mistakes , where we all need , and it makes us feel terrible for others .
But the thing that really makes me most tragic and is the most tragic thing to do with being human being .
It &apos;s kind of like us to imagine that our minds are overseen windows , and we &apos;re just looking through them and describing the world .
And we want everyone else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not true , and if it were , life would be incredibly boring .
Your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The difference is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in the other place .
And we all do this a little different , and this is why we can look at the same night sky and see it also .
And that &apos;s also why we &apos;re wrong .
In 1200 years to Devarta said , &quot; &quot; I think , &quot; &quot; I am . &quot; &quot; Auguste Augugun sat down and wrote , &quot; &quot; Fallert . &quot; &quot; I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; King , I &apos;m called .
Augustine understood that our ability to focus is not some kind of drinking person , something we can eliminate or fold .
This is a complete basis of what we are .
Because different from God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And different from all the animals , we are trying to figure out this .
I think that manage is all our productivity and creative and branch .
In recent years , for a few reasons , I invite myself by listening to a lot of the public radio show , &quot; This American life . &quot;
And so I listen and I listen , and at some point I began to feel like all these stories of mistakes .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; Look .
I got a chance of failing .
I just imagined them everywhere , something that happened .
But after a couple of months later , I actually had a chance to really ask the show Ira Glass .
And I remembered him about it , and he said something like this : &quot; No , actually , that &apos;s true .
In the other way , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; as a piece of work , we are laughing , that every single show has the same hidden .
And that hidden point is that hidden , &quot; &quot; I think it &apos;s going to happen , and it &apos;s something else happened . &quot; &quot; And it says , &quot; &quot; Ilass , we need it .
We need all these wonderful , failure and failure moments , that these stories would be convinced . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose it .
We like things like this kind of surprise scenario , wrong , and unexpected end .
The stories we love to fail .
But , you know , our stories are so different because our lives are like this .
We think that &apos;s going to happen one , and instead of what happens .
George Buddha thought that there was a gap of Iraq , surgeous weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead of that .
HosMuti Muhammer thought that there will be an Egyptian dictatorship for the rest of his life until it will be old and through the goodbye and then be able to release his government .
And something else happened instead of that .
And you might think that you &apos;re going to grow up and resurrect the high school districts , come back to your town and grow a group .
And something else happened instead of that .
And I have to tell you that I thought I was writing this boring book about the one that everyone doesn &apos;t suffer from here to the audience that never will happen .
And something else happened instead of that .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Fortunately , luckily , we create incredible stories about the world , surrounding us , and then the world turned around and blocks us .
Don &apos;t go away , but this conference is an incredible mention of our ability to fail .
We just spend an entire week talking about innovation and advancement , and improvement , but you know , why do we need all these innovations and improvement ?
Because half of the things that were the most valuable of thinking and changing the world — at TED , 1998 .
( Laughter ) Indeed didn &apos;t really work this way , right ? ( Laughter )
Where am my rational Christ , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re over here .
And here &apos;s how it happens .
We think the next idea .
We tell the next story .
We take the next conference .
This subject is that you &apos;ve heard seven million times , wonderful discovery .
And to me , if you really want to discover the wonderful thing , you need to step back into the outside of this tiny , horror space and look at each other and look at the many other and the complexity of the universe and the mystery and the mystery of the mystery , and I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , people . ( Applause )
In 1990 , a November five , a man called El-Sayyd Nosalleap , went to a hotel in Manhattan and killed Rabbi and Kahbi , Jewish drill .
Fortunately , these plans were injured to collapse FTinformater .
Unfortunately , 1993 bomb the World Web was not in the center of the Web .
Nosaint finally was offered for their participation .
El-Sayyid Nosalt is my father .
In my experience , I &apos;m telling you that when people are connected to each other , to understand that we want the same things we want for a long time .
A few months ago , he planted me , and he explained me that the last few weeks later , his friends used to go to the shoulder Long Aild to practice .
He said I should have to go with him another morning .
That day , my last helic heels into a little orange that was above targets and all , and especially my wonderful , is a trap .
My uncle turned to another man and a man in Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Ibabh abuh . &quot; &quot; What is his son .
They all made it very funny , but just a few years later , I &apos;ve come to realize what they were so funny .
They thought I had the same wish to eliminate my father .
Those people were ultimately rejected by the furniture of 650 pounds of loads and touching the low-performing levels , the World Space Council , which swires out in the north bowl , blowing out wrap and wrap over 1,000 .
It was the people I sounds .
People that I call an amplist what it means .
For a while , on a new class , I used my face , often , I was walking up .
I was raising people based on discriteria , for example , race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that made it impact on my thinking was through the president of 2000s .
My attention was returned to violence between young men , because I was expected for most of my life , this drag was extremely sensitive .
Our team came from all kinds of life .
One day I graduated from my convention , I learned that one of the children I had been Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend of Jewish , and if I was honest , I would have a barrier to go on a barrier that had been exhilarated as a result of my life .
The next step to step back was that when I found a summer workplace in Bars Gardens in entertainment .
It &apos;s where I tried all these belief and cultures and cultures for people , and this experience was a database of character .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is an enormment and that all homosexual drivers negative .
In the park park , I got the opportunity to work in front of the homosexual interviews , and I didn &apos;t realize they were the best ones that I knew .
The experience with the experience of paternity , I &apos;ve created a sense of empathy for others , and it seems to be uncomfortable with good people , not as I want to act with me .
And because of that sense , I was able to compare as a child of stereotypes of stereotypes with life and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be a homosexual , but I &apos;m familiar with the right behind what I can &apos;t control .
The next thing was , &quot; &quot; The Diet Walk . &quot; &quot; In Jon Stewart , he used to be honest with me about my fanatism and helped me understand that human race , religion and sexual orientation don &apos;t have anything with me .
And in many ways , it was my father when I was hopeless .
Often inspiration can happen in an unexpected place , and realizing that the Jewish comedy has made me a higher impact than my stress father , I &apos;m not a satisfactory .
One day I was talking to my mom about a global sea village , and she told me what I was going to keep my heart while I was alive .
She looked at me with a mess of a person who had suffered enough doctism and said , &quot; I don &apos;t get to hate people . &quot;
And at this time , I realized how much effort it takes to keep an injury .
Zak Ebraham is not my real name .
And I changed it when my family decided to pull back relations with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and I enable myself into danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I &apos;ve done that with hope that something forced to use violence when someone heard my story , and you realize there &apos;s a better way to do . ( Laughter ) And somehow I &apos;ve been returned to this cruel , untolerant , I haven &apos;t been obsessed .
Instead , I choose my experience to confuse against terrorism against fanatism .
I &apos;m doing it because of terrorism and their loved ones , because of fear and loss that their lives had turned on terrorism .
Because of terrorism , I &apos;m going to talk to you about these feelings , and I &apos;m going to dedicate my parents &apos; actions .
And because of this simplified fact , I &apos;m standing here as evidence that violence is not inherited from religion or race , and the son don &apos;t have to follow their parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you for all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I broke into my own home .
And I stand in front of the pages , in digging champs , and I realized that I shouldn &apos;t find it .
In fact , I could see them over the window on the table , where I left them .
So I quickly ran out and I tried another door and windows , and all of them were OK .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff night because at the morning I had an early morning in Europe , and I needed my passport and laguine .
And when I was sad and frozen , I found a big stone and rolled out the window , and I took a glass of glass , and I took a piece of glass , and I had a little bit of taped with my hole in my hole to think I had a holy hole to the morning to rock the air so I could call myself .
It will be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not cheaper than a spectruer at the night , so I thought , on environmental , ears a little bit .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist in profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works on stress .
They separate the cartilage that runs the heart of the heart , and it changes adrency and a hard thinking .
( Laughter ) And just a few months in the registration , I came up with no way . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s what I slowed home in the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , and I took it off , and I went back to the airplane , and I still got it for someone else , so I turned to the plane to the bathroom right next to the toilet , so I didn &apos;t get 800 hours in the morning .
Well , I had time to think about that 88 hours .
( Laughter ) So I started thinking about if you could make a system protected from such bad things ?
Or , if you already have something bad happens , at least at least the catastroppers would reduce .
So I began to think about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t think about it until it was about it .
My colleague and my colleague , the Nobel Prize Prize , Danny Kahneman , and how much drinked I told about my window and how I forgotten my unconscious , and Danny said he practices something called the future .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s a psychologist Gary Klein method , and it &apos;s been writing a few years ago , and it &apos;s also called the opposite of happiness .
You all know what &apos;s unhappy .
When you get unhappy , the experts are going to come and try to figure out what happened .
So today I want to talk about a few things that you can use as an enemy study .
Some of them are obvious , not others .
I &apos;m going to start with simplicity .
Up the space for these things that are easy to take place .
It sounds like healthy minds , and there &apos;s , but that confirms a lot of science based on how space memory works .
And there &apos;s a part of the brain called a hypopographer that has evolved for thousands of really important things — where there &apos;s an ulation where there &apos;s a kind of fish that can find fish , that &apos;s a drug space that lives in which friendly and consistent tribe .
High is a part of the brain that survives the volunteer of London .
This is the part that allows us to find their writings .
And if you wonder , somebody actually made the trying to get out where to vote smell smasses and they still saw writes .
They &apos;re not using the smell , and they &apos;re in a hypographic , it &apos;s a great machine to find things .
But it works only with things that don &apos;t move around , and it &apos;s not so good for those things .
And that &apos;s why we lost the car races or reading leaves and stuff .
So there &apos;s a place where you take a place in your neighborhoods — it &apos;s hitting it to the door , maybe a deck card .
It creates a certain degree .
The circumstances are specific .
If you take a place and you try to get a place , you will try to follow it , your objects will always be there when you need it .
What about travel ?
Tellow on your careft , take your credit carefully , your child &apos;s cerebral , call it , send me a letter , to be the cloud .
If these things go or take them off , you &apos;ll be much easier to get them .
Now these things are pretty obvious .
Remember , acting on a stretch , the brain is distracted .
Korea crime , he &apos;s having a hard thinking .
So part of the preparing aspects of preparing failure is to understand that through stress , we are not as good as we could be , and that &apos;s why we need protection systems .
And it &apos;s probably not more stressed situations than when you need to accept medical solutions .
And at some point , we &apos;ll all go to a situation where you need to make a really important decision about your or close treatment , or help them deal with them .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it does apply to all the solutions to the treatments , and even for the financial decisions — whatever to the decisions we do , to unprecedented individuals .
For example , you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What only did I get the lab and your chocolate is quite high . &quot;
You know , all of you know that the high chocolate associated with the most common disease of hearts , heart failure .
And you think of yourself that high chocolate level is not good , and daddy said , &quot; &quot; You know , I can attract you a drug that helps you a little bit of a chocolate , which is a status . &quot; &quot; You probably heard of them , most of the drugs in the world today , maybe even though you meet them .
It &apos;s a number that needs to treat .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s a number of people who need to use a drug or get operation or another treatment to be treated .
Now , you might think , what is this weird number ?
This number should be one .
But actually , medical practice doesn &apos;t work .
And it &apos;s not the doctor of Dr. , if it &apos;s because of it , it &apos;s the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t find all the inner mechanism .
But Glasox-Smic Kline calculates that 90 percent of drugs are only operating from 30 percent to 50 percent per patient .
So the number of numbers are required to cure the status for building , what would it be ?
How many people need to consume that one person would need ?
300 .
I looked at the number .
300 people have a drug to use a year before they take away from one of the heart attack , or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One of 300 pounds is to reduce the level of chocolate .
Why not ? Shake me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you need to ask another translation , and this is , &quot; What are the drug effects . &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them , there &apos;s been a terrible thing : tracking muscles and interfaces and members of Sweden and slave off — but now you think , &quot; Oh , five percent , it &apos;s not likely to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to take a kid . &quot;
You can &apos;t think about stress .
300 people use a drug . One estimated , five percent of those investment changes , which is 15 people .
15 times more likely to prefer to you than to help you .
I don &apos;t tell you whether you use a building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have to get right to get these kinds of information to say , do you want to take risks or not .
Now , you might think that this number of people took out of my head so that I was scaring you , but it &apos;s actually a pretty typical number .
The Greatest operation , for men to over 50 years , the prostatation of cancer , requires 50 .
Yes , it will be made by 49 operation until one person gets paid .
And the source of resources has 50 percent per patient .
In fact , their immition , the option of the immense disadvantages , the principal is injury , the principal is inspiring .
And if you &apos;re doing it , and you &apos;re one of those who mean , maybe it &apos;s going to happen only two years or two .
Now , the idea of taking a test research is before we think about the questions that we should ask is that conversation would move forward .
You don &apos;t want it to make a way to think .
And you should remember things like life quality .
Because you often have choice , do you want to have a shortcut life without pain , or a long one that can complete a lot of pain ?
That &apos;s the things you need to talk to now with your family and your loved ones .
You can transfer to a hot hot , but at least you &apos;re trying to get that kind of scale .
At the eye , you don &apos;t need a benign system , or a busy , or a immunic system , because if a body of these metabolic things , I don &apos;t care quickly , you can stay sneakers , and then all of that .
Unfortunately , one of those things that are stressed through the window is rational , logical thinking , like Danny Kahneman has shown .
So we need to train ourselves from the early thinking of these things .
I think this is important that we need to admit that all of us are not perfect .
Everybody will ever fail .
The point is that if you think about the earlier , what won &apos;t win might happen to the way we reduce the circuit , or stop the bad things .
I went back to this snow Money night when I came back after my journey , and I asked the assignment to climb my front door , with a click of the front of you , a little bit easier to think .
I have to conclude that I still have a bunch of shocks that I didn &apos;t smoke , and a pile that I didn &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not totally timeed , but I see a staircase process like a staircase , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Over 50 years ago , Sovion , a engineer group secretly made a big object in an instruction .
They hoped to attract a lot of the world &apos;s minds first time in the history of busy space .
The eye was huge .
In the front of the exceptions that you put on a silver river that you &apos;re in there , two radio immerciers .
In 1957 , they took their rock .
One of the scientists at this time wrote , &quot; We &apos;re going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the old days , travelers like Wasda Gama and Kumba , they had to discover new Earth .
We now have to discover the space .
And that &apos;s going to make other joy in the future . &quot; &quot; You look at a phrase from &quot; &quot; Sputnik , &quot; &quot; and my 55-document movie that &apos;s already completed .
He tells him Sputk &apos;s story and how he affected America .
After release Sputk , I made it a curiosity .
The human moon , measured the population of ordinary , translated the honor and proud that people finally put something into space .
But three days later , what &apos;s called the red Monday , the media and politicians told us , and we found that Sputnik was evidence that our enemy actually worked in science and technology , and now they can heal us in the hop Sputnik .
And then we started all the sudden .
Greek Sputk became one of the three largest American encounters , the historians of Perl Harbor , and September 1st .
He encouraged the ragle .
He had a weapon .
And the space tracks .
Congress funding over one year , dramatically emerged by one year : 200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputk &apos;s impact has been much more than weapons .
For example , some of you might probably remember that time in 1958 , the national security day , when the national security driver drill , as tens of tens millions of people in the cities of 788 in the city .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed 7 from 10 Americans believe that nuclear waste will happen , and that the least 50 percent of Americans have .
Sputk , though , made it and wonder .
For example , a few of those who received a coach for the science for Sputnik .
The awareness of nature , math , science and educational circles , funding a lot of progress .
When Cerf Cerf indicates that Sputk was also directly appropriately contributed to ARPA &apos;s research project , I think , of course , NASA &apos;s ambition .
My documentary file reveals how freedom society can be overwhelmed by people who know how to use media .
But it also tells us how we can change very unprecedented situations into something that actually America had even very good at all .
The film &quot; &quot; Sputk &quot; &quot; will be launched .
In addition , I want to take a chance and thank you one of my investers — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
And I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
Machachine &apos;s institute , I work at 44 years . I came to the very first TED officer .
The third is less obvious .
Will everyone say ? No , no .
This is the everyday thing : again , raw , raw , shirt , aky .
We all know fine these simple everyday things .
And most of them were told that they would be able to change the war shops .
These things were found in mass dilutions in my hometown country , and even in our country , it &apos;s an expert underlying bodies from a new way of discovering the mass of graving , 20 years after accidents .
And it seems that this is the most devastating grave ever discovered .
In the four cases , the post-conflict conflict conflict , the decline ine in the early nine years , about 30,000 people , the most civilians , were considered to die , and it was only about 100,000 years old , and then there were 10,000 wars .
The International Bousman who gave him some crime for crimes and genociety .
It &apos;s not just about human fish .
And yet with their own property , their cultivation , and eventually , the idea that they &apos;ve ever existed , destroyed .
It &apos;s not only associated with fish : it &apos;s associated with people &apos;s identity .
It will always remain footprint — it &apos;s not a perfect crime .
It will always stay in the death footprint , which are better than the smarts of their bodies or our easily detect memories .
Our goal is that no body would ever recognize .
From that time they &apos;re discovered , things that they &apos;ve been carrying with themselves in an exotic location , are attracted , analysis , internalized , independence and secure .
There are thousands of remains of time being turned into white plastic bag , exactly the same kind you see CSI .
They use these things as a tool to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as a very valuable amount in preferences at this time in pre-war crime .
Develoption is sometimes sometimes asked to be asked , to find out what these things belonged , but it &apos;s an incredibly complex and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are destroyed or simply being procrastinated from our eye and thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to take a picture of every assignment in order to create a visual archy that you can easily see survival .
As the story of this story , I would like to add a community .
I want to encourage people anywhere .
And maybe somebody else will recognize these things , or at least their photography will remain like a permanent and remind of what happened .
These photographs are about our interconnected understanding , and these things would know that we will be a little bit more understanding each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say , &quot; &quot; Project expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photography that is a photographs for all of us as an artistic document .
One day , when all of these individuals will be told , they will only remain their grathers and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
And as I did this 30-day challenge , I learned a few things .
It was part of an exception that I moved — a whole month photographing every day .
I would never be so lonely in adventure .
It &apos;s scary .
In fact , they give them a lot of pleasure .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share a few clinical projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to figure out these projects , we &apos;re actually working on a lot of intuition and mystery .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiences we &apos;ve given each of these jobs .
The first project is called the Hospital .
The viewer is kind of disabled in the room and installed to these flat blocks on the wall .
Within a few seconds , it seems to see the obstacle , and it seems like , it stops and frees down into the grid symmetry .
( Laughter ) So this is a two-state state .
One is complete chaos . On the other hand , absolutely order .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needs to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us about two different paintings .
One is the story of the XV , and another one is about 100 years old , Malawi abstract .
I &apos;m just going to show you the video .
So if you can feel a little more profound — the biggest flat is about two feet tall .
Absolutely . And the lowest part is A4 format .
So the viewer goes into their space , and all of this sudden goes into the positions .
And after a while , if the viewer remains in their space , it &apos;s kind of like a spectrum of spectrum space , it becomes again and it &apos;s constantly busy and potato while it &apos;s like a busy hot or motel in the room , and then she &apos;s frozen again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that watching a sense of order between flat , but you can be honest at the same point they &apos;re putting it on the rules so they can get the rules of the rules that they &apos;re looking at , sort of like a primary role .
This brings me to a little bit more silly , simpler project called Rankinkinkinka .
The first thing you see is a piece of paper coming back to a remote wall , but if you came to see that it &apos;s a empty forum or a piece of paper , or a letter that is considered from both both sides of them , which were candidated in the end of a little bit and carried from a small day .
The audience also also see that this sculpture is sort of unmoving , as if these two hands try to maintain a piece of paper and feel it really happens .
So this instability in movement is reminded by instability in recording camera .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips one by one another .
One is too moving on a camera , and another one is over the camera .
And you can immediately see , as an innocent video , is diluted by watching watching watching and subjective approach .
So we just removed the camera and we moved the mood to flat .
Here &apos;s the video video .
You &apos;ll have to imagine another hand that &apos;s not yet .
But we &apos;re kind of trying to inject the gesture gesture , sort of like this big piece of paper , there &apos;s a smaller person with the entire hand .
It &apos;s sort of like a comparison with breast quantity , and we need to do that service , and a very rarely program to bring this piece of paper to observe .
The other job is &quot; Masey .
It &apos;s a continuous model , and that object is something like me .
It has a leap of a body , two hands , and it &apos;s very much like an anena — and his only goal is to attract ourselves .
So when the views go unremote , it sort of comes from one side to another , and it moves its hands much more and more butches when the individual comes in .
This is the first test scenario .
You can see two integrated movements , and this object seems to be trying to use all of us in this desperate .
But the idea is that when you get your own attention , it doesn &apos;t look interesting , and he &apos;s looking at somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is a powerful collection of Mason &apos;s body .
It looks like it &apos;s a massive production device , like a factory of a factory , like a private tube or a washing machine .
Because we &apos;re always working from a very personal space , and we like this consumer aesthetics as a person , and gives us a little bit of distance , with our own images .
And so for us , it &apos;s a kind of a common creature that tries to attract our attention from things that demand our attention , but also it &apos;s a creature that needs help .
Another job is &quot; &quot; Play . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a renewable instrument .
It has an ampheral form of a phase , and it &apos;s composed to a audience &apos;s size of an individual being on the stage .
And that &apos;s where I stand there , each of you look at this size and the audience as if you look at all my performance .
The plant is planted 96 little figures .
They &apos;re learning mechanically blocking their choice .
It means that every one of them might decide if they want to clap , as hard as they want to be interviewed around them or how long they want to affect them and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer comes in front of the audience , then received the answer .
It can be a couple of plays or plays lighting , and the dish doesn &apos;t happen until the viewer comes from the stage and then the audience reacting again .
It can be anything from a few weakers of audience , or it can be very famous .
So for us , I think we look at the audience as an object or an organism , which also has a kinderly musical brush .
So the viewer can play with a little bit of complex and multiple , musical structures or sounds , but they can &apos;t provoke the audience so they can &apos;t react properly .
So there &apos;s a sense of being used to put in a decision and incentives .
It also has a patronizing and spaces .
So here , if you see here , we &apos;re very excited about the image of our heading at two hands .
Here &apos;s a little animation , like both sides of the brain disappears to each other to find extra fluctuation and darkness .
And you can see here a prototype .
So we &apos;re not at all the time we &apos;re going to infect 96 of them .
Okay , that &apos;s the last project . It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Recutive . &quot;
It emerges from the window .
It &apos;s a window from our studio , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different pieces of theirs .
So we &apos;ve taken the same window of the window , so we would create a self-infection or a web that &apos;s block in the room and you can observe from both both sides .
In this network , there &apos;s a group of small figurs .
They &apos;re also made of three different pieces , as if you squeeze a certain perspective , or landscapes in one space .
Each of these figures can travel and come on , and go ahead , and hiding for the two passions .
So different from this very strikle network , we wanted to give five-figurs for figurs and k-groups of values — sort of like a loyer , they were physically constructed to travel the road .
We like the idea that these figurs jump on and jump through what they &apos;re doing , and they don &apos;t care about , and they &apos;re much uncomfortable and satisfaction until they turn into the audience and they &apos;re going to hide away from the tank .
So we &apos;ve got this project to transfer the enemy .
These sea levels like injury in this very closed network , which is like a price , but also a claim , because it allows them to keep catches and naive , and doesn &apos;t worry about what happens in the outside world .
So all of these realistic braries that I &apos;m talking about is more than getting into a specific technical configuration , and we &apos;re very lucky to collaborate with the Cicho SETH to create a prototype .
And as you can see , they &apos;ve taken away from our multiculation , and they &apos;ve created a desert , and they &apos;ve created a motor that connects the heading movements , and the pyramid back .
So he &apos;s quite small .
As you can see , he &apos;s turning into my mouth .
So imagine our invention when we saw him something that probably does in the studio , and this is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little bit slowly , in the first week , you &apos;ve done enough to make it more heavy days . ( Laughter )
And I would like to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that happened with every single job of writing .
But then my 90 pitch came in . The discussion that I should ask for years .
I knew that what was happening to work , my normal work is wrong .
This is a really big project .
That &apos;s the year .
I &apos;m going to start the palm , and then I &apos;m going to increase the apple and eventually — I &apos;m going to switch the highest jump , like a staircase .
Don &apos;t it hard to climb the stairs ?
It &apos;s nothing special , right ?
But what happened was the odest thing .
Those are some first months old ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t want to start .
And then , after two months , there was one that turned into two weeks .
I woke up one morning , and I had three days before the term and still no one word . Lico &apos;s only solution : I wrote 90 pages in &apos; 72 hours , and one night , people would have not do it — I didn &apos;t have to do it — I had to slowly slowly swim through a city , slowly and just before I &apos;d finished it .
I thought it was the end of everything .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Yeah . ( Laughter )
It was bad , very bad discussion . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to encourage the moment you all thought , &quot; This guy &apos;s wonderful ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was bad , very bad .
Today , I am a writer of a blogger .
I &apos;m writing Wait Bait .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
So to check that , I found a MRT lab that would predict my and literally procrastinating brain to compare them .
Today , I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So this is a nonstop brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does this mean procrastiner ?
It tells us it &apos;s fine while it happens .
&#91; Great time we start jobs . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The National Commandments decide to do something productive , but this is why the plan by Bemonmonmonmonkey doesn &apos;t like her , and she says , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s read Wikipedia in Nigeria / Kandhi , because I just got that . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a little time for time , so it &apos;s not going to stay in the workplace for many different jobs .
Suddenly , Malawi isn &apos;t the one that should solve .
It &apos;s only living in this moment .
She doesn &apos;t remember who was , doesn &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to be , and it &apos;s only two things : it &apos;s fun and simple .
The animal works very well .
( Laughter ) And the monkeys are just one of these animals .
I need to sleep , we need to sleep , feed and continue to be born and keep it on the tribe .
But if you notice , we live in a different way .
We live in a culture of civilization , and the monkey doesn &apos;t understand what that is .
That &apos;s why in our brains are the other people in the brain — the National Council Prize , which allows us to do things that we can do things like no animals can disappear .
We can imagine a future .
We see a common picture .
And he wants us to do something that would be the most innovative .
Sometimes it &apos;s good to take the magic and easy stuff , say , tonight or preparing a lock or a stick .
So that &apos;s where it comes from .
Sometimes they agree .
But sometimes it &apos;s hard to do , and it &apos;s not that kind of nice stuff , it &apos;s not that kind of nice stuff .
And here &apos;s the conflict .
I call it the Tamsiet player .
This is where the boat activities are happening , where the activity of spending is not supposed to go .
When someone leads to the Bemonkey , we find the question of how procrastinators get in blue , not in that kind of nice place where things are important .
It turns out that procrastinator has an angle , which is careful , and you look at him , looks tough at the tangible moment — it &apos;s called Mr. Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only thing that he &apos;s afraid of .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be a prime TED Talk .
Do we realize what happens in the future ?
We need to be sitting and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the monkey said , &quot; &quot; But let &apos;s move Google Earth and put it in a picture of 200 feet from the ground to 200 hours , and we &apos;re going to get it better to the country . ( Laughter ) So we &apos;re doing that day . ( Laughter ) So we did it .
When six months turned to four , then two , two , and after that — one , people decided to build a speaker .
I made a website , and I saw my face , scaning me .
And guess what &apos;s going on ?
( Laughter ) So , Mission Monstrus starts walking from mind , and a few seconds a system that &apos;s made a chaos . ( Laughter )
And the monkey is , you know , Mr. Monroster &apos;s got a horror — he &apos;s not !
And eventually , at the end , the National Academy capaccording to an act of a child , and I &apos;m just beginning to write a talk .
The Mac Monstrand explains all the crazy behavior of a crazy procrastiner behavior , like something like me two weeks without writing the first sentence of speech , and then with a miracle labor , all the night , and there &apos;s a magic pool of eight .
The situation with three characters are procrastinators .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
And I decided to write about this in the blogging a few years ago .
When I did that , the reaction was surprised to me .
People were frustrated and wrote how procrastinating their lives were affected by Bemonmonkey &apos;s lives .
Why do people get in that bad place ?
It turns out there are two procrastination clothes .
And that long-term procrastination is less observation , about it less than a funny one , short-term procrastination .
It &apos;s mostly being survived in silence and united .
It can help us with a huge amount of failure and regret .
And I realized why people wrote these letters and why they were in that wrong place .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re rushed to do this kind of project .
This long-term procrastination took them to the audience in their own lives .
They were annoyed not because they didn &apos;t get their dreams , but because they even managed to start their way .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized I think , procrastinators don &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all about procrastinators .
Maybe it &apos;s not as bad as some of us — ( Laughter ) and maybe normally agreed with the term , but remember , the monkey is sitting in front of me , there &apos;s no term .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call this the Life Caldost .
This is a window of every 90s , a week of life .
It turns out that it &apos;s not so much , especially knowing that the pile has already taken .
I think we need seriously and look at this mountain .
We need to think about what we actually procrastinate , because every life is procrastinating .
We need to forget the Stargets of Malonia Rock .
This is the job for all of us .
And because the windows are not so much , that &apos;s the work we should start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
I get the breakfast .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this person named Kapiton William Swenson , who has recently been confused by a Congress College for him in 2009 .
One of the rescued was a sergeant that was involved with a bunch of liquid covered to a road of medical humiliation .
The amazing thing is that that day , purely on the random of random , one of the meetings on the freezing medium was reconstructed in the cold Goat Pro .
There &apos;s a story about how Kapiton Swenson with the joine-injured soldier , the mail .
And that &apos;s when I saw , what are these people going on ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a sort of a deep emotion that gives government government to get that way .
It &apos;s a love , and I find out why not around me , why don &apos;t people do that ?
In Versle , we prefer people who are willing to code others that we can benefit others .
It &apos;s all about backwards , right ?
And the first one was that they were just better people .
So they &apos;re a new military .
Those better people are more willing to pay for others .
But that &apos;s not the case .
I had a huge honor to meet some of the people we call the hero who were determined to offer the risk of saving others , and I asked them , &quot; Why do we do that ?
What did that do ? &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would do that because of me . &quot;
It &apos;s a deep trust and collaboration .
And that &apos;s really important .
The notion of collaboration and collaboration is complex because it &apos;s feelings , and not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Give me me to do this .
Nobody .
Whether it would have been air or resource , or maybe the tiger with long , all these forces work to reduce our lives .
So we became social animals , and we live together , we worked on what we call a safety rate , where we felt a part .
And to feel safe reaction — trust and collaboration .
It &apos;s got basic .
It means that night I can sleep and trust that there &apos;s something from a tribe safety .
The modern world is exactly that .
It can be a new technology , powerful at night to click your business .
It can be your competition that sometimes tries to kill you .
Or to push out of business , but the least ones try to disrupt your plans to improve your business and take away from your business .
We cannot confront it .
These force works all the time , and they don &apos;t stop .
The only dark is an atmosphere in the very atmosphere , and that &apos;s where gender leadership becomes important because it creates equal .
I once went on a journey , and I became this incident of a incident : a few months ago , trying to get into the plane before the counter , and I watched how to do the job , and what the job was to do was they did with him as a horrible man .
He was sacrifice that he tried to incorporate a little too early .
So I got my pocket .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you get with us as a living ?
Why can &apos;t you act with humanity ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , the word , &quot; &quot; she said , &quot; &quot; a word .
&quot; &quot; Well , if I don &apos;t hold rules , I can go into trouble or lose work . &quot; &quot; In fact she told me that she doesn &apos;t feel safe .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
We &apos;re going to fill with &quot; &quot; Southwest Airds &quot; &quot; because there &apos;s a better employee there .
We die because they &apos;re not afraid of their leaders .
You see , if the conditions are bad , we are willing to make time and forces to preserve each other from one another , and that &apos;s essentially the weak organization .
The best comparison of this comparison is about being a really cool leader .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What do you want to be ?
The great leaders want the same .
To give people the opportunity , education , when you need to engage their trust , their ability to try and depend them , and that is to achieve more than we could imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company Next Jump Jump , and it &apos;s a company in New York , and this person says that when you have a problem , do you have a family , consider an opportunity to put one of your children ?
Nobody does that .
So why are we spending people working on our companies ?
And once you &apos;ve done that , &quot; &quot; Next Jumb , you will never let it come wrong with the wrong tasks .
It &apos;s because so many people feel such an instant hasn and anger for those banks , you get anticipational officials and preferences .
There &apos;s no numbers .
The point is that they have violated the most important principle of leadership .
They got a root of social agreement .
That &apos;s what &apos;s called us . No numbers .
What would it happen if we gave 150 million dollars a prize to Ghi ?
Or 250 million-million-dollar dollar bill in Modly ?
Would you be about anger ? Of course not . No one of our anger .
The poorest leaders do not claim in a way .
The number of people die .
They &apos;d rather rather give up the number of gold people .
In Bob Chapman , leading a big company in the Middle East Waeler . &quot; &quot; In 2008 , this company has really affected over and night , she lost 30 percent of all the sentences .
In the fast company , it means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t keep workforce .
We had to save 10 million dollars , so , as many modern companies companies , the management stages to discuss the question .
Bob didn &apos;t .
Because the Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the numbers of employees .
employees make heart , and much more difficult to reduce the number of hearts .
There was a solution to do a vacation .
All employees , from the next motor to the CEO , were to ask for four weeks of abstract vacation .
They could pick up any time , and they were not necessarily four of them .
He said that it was better for all of you to suffer after someone who suffered big , and this way he clicked the moral morality .
It &apos;s a choice . It &apos;s not a staircase .
They — they — government , and we do what they touch , because we against us , we wouldn &apos;t follow these people &apos;s feet .
That &apos;s exactly what it means to be leaders .
I had to hear a story of the soldiers who were outside the war , and as among the soldiers , the leader is selection , and they took the first one to eat their people , and they finished eating their CEO &apos;s officials .
And when they came back to the waiting , one of his people brought a little food to make up because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they get their first .
We call leaders because they would claim themselves to be safe , and that their people would benefit , and that they would have a natural response — we would call our skull .
They will delete their blood , left and tearate that their leader might become realistic and ask them , &quot; Why did we do that ?
Why did you take their blood flow and pass that person ? &quot; &quot; And everybody says , &quot; &quot; Because they would do that for me . &quot;
Is it not such an organization that we all want to work ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . ( Applause )
Compare the most complex problems of our time can be solved in simple technology , if we can solve novel .
As a child , I learned that creativity is a key to pass from a dream into reality .
It &apos;s learned from my grandmother , Doctor Roth Tichauer , Jealphauer , who lived in the heart of Andes .
This is how I grew up : the encouraging to see the future without any limitations .
And my research continued , as I put it in my work at the remote community .
I call these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the city , life with a lot of possibilities , language and other barriers .
Throughout these few months , my grandmother was rolling the scripture of Kids , &quot; Someone was hidden . Let &apos;s find that .
Go search for Christmas .
Something that happens to a mountain .
Go and wait for you . Go ! &quot; &quot; After that , I became a medical student .
One of the young kids in the world have some heart disease .
So here &apos;s the problem , I think I can solve — part of the problems that I &apos;ve spent on my life working on .
The problem begins with pregnant .
The children have to live inside .
Serce depends on the relationship between a system and blood blood .
It has to stop .
If you don &apos;t do that , the baby has a hole in his heart .
It leads to assession and genetic conditions .
But today we know that oxygen is still one reason .
As you can see a diagram , this sort of hole stantial increases dramatically increase with birth .
Video : ( Child crying . ) When you look at patients with this disorder , it seems to be hoping to breathe .
The only treatment could make a hole in the heart was a huge operation .
One night , my friend Malte camped on Amazon .
The only thing that didn &apos;t fire in the wild was a green wave .
Then there was an inspiration moment .
We used that branch as touch of our first form .
The emergency room of children can be done with them .
The red is a bottle .
Maybe it doesn &apos;t seem trivial to you , but it was the first success to create this huge problem .
We can see this video as a very small cat caser carrying in the heart .
The universe holds a hole .
After this inspired moment , a very long effort to create and develop prototype .
It took thousands of hours of work in the lab .
Very , if it works , it can save life .
And I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that anywhere we &apos;re going to go , we will do something good .
With my wife and my partner and Alexandra Heather , we started taking patients .
After successful treatment with our activities , we felt very enthusive .
But we live in a place that is more than 3.6 feet in high .
And patients need a special factory that could cure a heart disorder .
The emerge of living patient is different because angua is bigger .
Most patients can &apos;t be interested in time , and they die .
The first one was successful , only a half of patients in Bolivia .
Then it started exploration .
We went back to first planning .
After many tests , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends , we built a new device .
In America , the local women told stories how difficult they were to put blindness with blind and unexpected , and an unexpect reaction for us .
We used this traditional advertising approach , and we built design , made it out of a strong material that records .
It looks like an insurance that allows us to create an off-device that doesn &apos;t find , because it &apos;s just one part .
It can transfer to a complex structure , a procedure that takes decades to improve .
As you can see , the device walks into the body through natural channels .
The doctors only need to do a ceteral in the hole .
Our device expands , leaves the right to the right room , and loop the hole .
We have this beautiful law that is easy to use because it works .
We had no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we battate with diseases that need a lot of time and effort on — if they do it .
This is a child before , after a procedure .
And as you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when you can see , the devices is , the patient is 100 percent accomplished .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very good at looking from medical and human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients have part of our team — a team of close to the patient who work with us .
Once we have only one ideal : the best decisions need to be simple .
We don &apos;t fear to create something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
We always get lots of clients .
We get power from our patients .
Their ability to fast your ability and courage inspire creative .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left with a legacy , not for tax or access .
So we need to start a foundation with a one-two-model .
We &apos;re going to give one device for free to ensure that every child is treated .
We are most countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an impossible idea , and we &apos;re going to expand , really : No one child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up on a wall between Limpool and Mumumumalan , a small town called Motettalian .
The rules and electrical tracks were so unpredictable as air ; growing conditions as I was 17 , longing with a couple of friends in the sun and we depend on the sun .
The sun is fine by the sun .
When we burn , a friend and I say , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s interesting , why don &apos;t you do something you can put on the skin and you don &apos;t need to move ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I would buy something . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I went home and I had a little dance and found statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million people live in Africa , and five million in South Africa .
Commundane diseases have inclusive conditions like disaster .
Trachis it in an infectious infection when the eyes are infected . The trachet trained is perfectly appointed .
This disease makes eight million people blind every year . The truth about to avoid infection is that you need to avoid coordination infection : no drugs or infections .
When I read about that statistics , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like to blame it , I should be able to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my own mobile phone is 34 , it &apos;s not a little bit more than I had in the Internet February of 20 miles — I had a little bit about Google Wikipedia — and then I put it on Wikipedia —
It looked like something from CFC art , OK ?
Then okay , I had a formula .
Now you need to turn it into a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote a 40-page planner in my cell phone , and when I wrote the same mobile , I was also a young man who came out in my cold , and — ( Laughter ) I don &apos;t need to wait ! &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) A lot of you don &apos;t have to get to the door . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) Docrates ) ( Laughter ) I figured , &quot; &quot; The cookie in the world .
You get on the skin , and you don &apos;t need to stop .
( Laughter ) So I started making a product in school , and then I had a very limited resource , I went to university , and I went to school a few people , and now we have a completely functional product that we can build when we have a product .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and put it back in Dahs .
One thing we learned is that the poor community is unfold in large quantities .
They go over when they get a little bit , and Alex doesn &apos;t turn all the sudden cigarette cigarettes every day , and it &apos;s more expensive .
So what we started to do is we took Dmorning into a small innovation .
You go through half and you fall .
The worst part is that one claim is cut off five rences .
When we created this model , then we realized something else about product application .
We realized that even the rich parents of the rich parents from the time they wanted to use Dahs . ( Laughter ) Bent once a week .
So what we did was you save 80 million sets of water every time you spent two hours per day from a village , two hours a year in the village , two hours of homework , two hours , two hours of homework , two hours a child , two hours to be simple .
When we saw such a general benefit , we set our products in a major functional definition , which was clean and comfortable .
Drice Bmorning , it &apos;s rich in human justice , and the poor man — life is essential .
We &apos;ve tried a product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to trade , and we &apos;re going to let our international race , and we &apos;re going to ask the question , which I &apos;d like to ask the audience , take a bicycle ccket in Limpocket , with 50 weeks , a way to cry .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not finished .
Another important thing that learned in this process , Google elected me one of the most favorite people in the world .
I &apos;m also a chose of the best student in entrepreneurship in the world , the first African vessels for this reward , and the odd thing that I &apos;ve done is because I didn &apos;t like to stop . Thank you .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago , I was a metal vacation , and then I went back to medical university where I was learning .
The first time I was 17 years old , actually , since I became a manager consultant , I saw a white chalt and I saw real patients .
And over there , a month , I was amazed by two things .
I asked myself if you do this kind of extension reduction , do we not forget the patient ?
A number of countries that make represents , and where I am , have problems with health care .
It creates a great national budget .
And a lot of reforms to reduce that growth in part .
In other hand , it &apos;s a new medicine discompeted , so it doesn &apos;t take patients .
In the poorest countries , doctors and nurses are in a sense of governments .
There are many costs to health care decisions that are accepted .
You select a expensive lab , you select an old and weak patient .
So on top of the doctors reduce the freedom to reduce and reduce .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have a full choice of choice , which is the best of their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my grandchildren &apos;s colleagues are impressed .
BG : We looked at this question and we asked ourselves — whether it &apos;s a good way to organize health care system .
So we took this out and we asked this : What are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in health system , we &apos;re trying to improve the state of patients , and we have to do that very limited resources .
We address it based on health care .
In my hand for me , you see what we &apos;re saying , &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patients are in relationships with our spending money .
It was beautiful described in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth in the book .
This is a picture that you see my daughter surrounded by three beautiful daughters .
When BG started a study that we decided not to pay so much attention to the price , but more to look at the quality . One of the things that we most fascinated was the way we saw .
When you compare hospitals in a country , you can find incredibly good , but the number of bad numbers are increasingly unlikely .
The laws were dramatic .
My husband Erin Eric suffer from the cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
In Europe , he can drive to Germany as a good care system .
If he comes to an average hospital here , he &apos;s expecting that after treatment , it &apos;s about 50 percent , so it should start to use safely .
It &apos;s like a metaphon . 50 percent risks . It &apos;s pretty much .
If instead of going to the Hamburg , to the Mozini-Kest , risks , risks were only five percent .
So , or a metat monster , or you have a risk of one in two .
It &apos;s huge — seven times — the difference .
When we look at lots of different diseases in the gaze of hospital , we can see big difference .
Before you , we don &apos;t know the data .
Often data , they don &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So when you go to hospital , lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t be . There &apos;s hope .
At the end of the &apos; 70s , there was a Sweden surgeon group of people who met at the time meeting together and talked about what the percentage of procedure used to operate .
On the left of this slide , you see the metal details of metal details that you use for someone that needs a new hip .
They all understood that their operation was different .
Everybody liked that my way is better &quot; &quot; , but neither of making it unknown and acceptance .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We need to measure quality , and then we would know we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They discussed your two years . &quot; &quot; And what is the quality of the hip operation ? &quot;
And when they agreed , they began to measure and share their data .
They found out quickly that when you put the bone of the patient on the bone , before the bathlete on the bathlete , it would serve serve much longer , and most patients would never need the last surgery .
They announced the data , and it changed the government clinical practices .
Everybody saw it &apos;s meaningful .
Since then , they put data every year .
Once a year , they would pick up a year : What was the best , the worst ?
They sent one another to teach them to learn — it &apos;s not an enormous improvement .
For many years , the weden surgeons show the best results in the world , at least for those who are compared , and many people don &apos;t do that .
This principle I love .
The Terapeuists , say , what is the best thing , they start doing , share data , they find the best and from that .
The perfect improvement .
But it &apos;s not the only excellent half .
It &apos;s just a exciting thing .
If you think about the cost of the price , and we look at it , it turns out that those who are pursuing quality , and at the same time it was the smallest level , although it wasn &apos;t the first point .
Let &apos;s look at the history of hip operation , a couple of years ago , a couple of years ago was done in the United States and Sweden .
It was tied , as many patients had to be operated in seven years after the first operation .
The United States was three times bigger than the Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study about health care care , where we find data in resource .
For many countries , the quality of the United States is smaller than the average of OED .
If the United States health care system is about measurement measurement , and you can click your quality to OECD average , it would save the U.S.
It &apos;s 20 percent of the health care budget .
You might be saying that these numbers are awesome , but even though it &apos;s possible , is it possible ?
It would be paradigms for paradigm health care and say it &apos;s not just been done , but it should be done .
The battles of health care system — doctors and sisters .
The only thing that they all share is that they care about what they get to , resurvey the quality of patients .
They were always in the best classroom .
We were in the best classroom .
And if somebody can show them that what they gives them their patients are better than what others do , they will do whatever they will do .
But most of them don &apos;t know that .
But therapists also have different properties .
They love others .
If the Buddologist calls the next war diologist to work in the next hospital , and the discussion is why that another hospital gets better , they will divide information .
So , as you see and creating transparency , you get a permanent cycle , what we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a big global community in which we can observe and compare what we achieve .
One of the two academic constitutions , Michael Porter , Harvard &apos;s business school , and Karolina Institute in Sweden , BG formed what we call SRH .
You &apos;ll say that you can get the idea here , but it &apos;s not an admission , it &apos;s an accomplishment .
And he means the Sacilicon Valley of Congress Congress .
We take a place to one of the best doctors and patients to discuss , diseases which really is quality , what should you count and make international standards .
They &apos;ve worked — four work-work groups of work in recent years : cathares , pain , dynamic arteries , for example , heart failure and prostate .
Four groups are going to show the work block in the air .
It &apos;s the first time we compare data not just cold , but in international space .
In the next year , we plan to examine 8 diseases , 16 years later .
And over three years , we &apos;re going to be able to study 40 percent of diseases .
How do you use two similar things . Which is better ?
Why ?
I &apos;ve gone through five months ago , and I &apos;ve been training as the largest north in Europe .
They have a new principal , which vision is this : &quot; I want my control to get the quality of the quality of the quality of the patients . &quot;
And that day we sat in training rooms with doctors and sisters and others , we discussed about children &apos;s leemy .
We asked how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do it now ?
We talked about how do we treat children who are important improvement ?
We talked , what about patients , can we treat more effective ?
The barrier was filled with energy .
And so many ideas , so enthusiastic .
At the end of the hospital , the opinion stood up .
And he looked at the whole group , and he said , &quot; &quot; I forgot , he took his hand — translated his hand , broke it down , and he said , &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We &apos;re finally concerned about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Stebing health care , which is not only cost , but also the results that we see patients , we can make patients in hospitals and healthier systems , rather than making an important problem .
I believe that the health care rate of observation can begin to start through entrepreneurship , and I think that modern medical progress , the Greek High High , who has always been the most important , smile .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to share some of the exciting discovery that the most significant successful success of what the facts are really important to follow a company .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best forms of make the world better .
If you take a group of people with the right incentives , and you focus them into a company , you can open up to an unthinkable potential of people .
They can achieve incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so much cheap ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to figure out .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s important to follow company .
I wanted to try to keep the anodic , avoid to avoid some of my emotions , and maybe the misstacles that I &apos;ve done in many ways to see company .
I wanted to know this because I was putting entrepreneurs from 12 years when I was in a school , I took a letter in the bus stop in the middle school , when I was in high school energy facilities , when I did a sounds at university .
We learned a lot of these failure .
I tried to review the factors who were the most likely to contribute to companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
The first idea .
I used to think that the idea is everything .
I called my company Idealab , because it &apos;s very valuable , &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; The moment when the first idea came .
But for the past , I started thinking that maybe a team , a factory , a adaptation was more important than the idea .
I never thought I &apos;d be quoting Mike Tyson &apos;s TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everybody has a plan until someone else &apos;s face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s good for businesses .
Commercience is the most common adapt to adapt the face of obstacle .
Client is the real reality .
And so I started thinking that maybe a team is the most important thing .
And then I started looking at a business model .
Does a company have a very clear road like generations from customer ?
In my mind , it started to origin in my mind that maybe it was the most influenced success .
And then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes the company would get really big funding .
Is that the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Does the idea go through early , and the world are not ready for it ?
Was you early , but you still need to learn the world ?
I checked 100 &quot; &quot; Idealb companies , and 100 others to try and find something systems about it .
The first is , this &quot; &quot; Idealab company , Each five companies — &quot; &quot; Citype , &quot; &quot; Carsrect Direct , &quot; &quot; Government , &quot; &quot; In the US , &quot; &quot; &quot; Thers.com , &quot; &quot; has achieved a billion success .
And the hading companies at the bottom — Z.com , Insistder Pacder , &quot; &quot; Myfe , &quot; &quot; The Desert Facts , &quot; &quot; Peoplink , &quot; &quot; we &apos;ve all been hoping for them , but they faith .
I tried to revise all of these atrisks , as I looked like companies were following every aspect .
Then I looked at the failure of Idealab companies like the Airbnb and the Instagram , US , YouTube , and Linkegin .
And a few birds : &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; Kozzzzzation , &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; and Frizz &quot; &quot; and Frister .
The Chinese companies have a stronger funding in some cases , even business models did not succeed .
I tried to look at these factors who were the most likely to contribute to these companies and failure , and the results were surprised me .
The number number one was time .
Time was important to 42 percent , calculating the difference between success and failure .
This company appeared only in recycled when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people engage their contradictions in their homes .
That &apos;s the same with Uber .
The blocks were looking for extra money , and that was very important .
The early succeeds , the Cityclouds came out when people needed websites .
GoGoGo.com , &quot; &quot; which we presented in 1998 at TED when the companies were looking for regular units .
We thought the idea was good , but it was really important .
And then we go back to failure .
We created a company called Z.com , and it was an online entertainment company .
In 1999 , the bubble of a wider of the joke was slow .
It was hard to watch a video fabric online , and we needed to add some other things to the browser , and the company finally pulled out of business in 2003 .
In two years , when the code problem solved &quot; Adowithout Flash &quot; &quot; and as a result of a freshly black topic in America , it also turns to YouTube . &quot;
The perfect idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube , there was no business model .
So to summarize , the reality is really important .
The idea is also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best to appreciate time by clients , or they &apos;re ready to offer them .
And I hope that this insight might lead you to a high success indicators , and that &apos;s how to make something great that would have happened .
Thank you very much , you are great listeners .
( Applause )
I was a good student . From me , I was expected to be happy , joining my student life , the party party , I went to my students .
In the middle , I felt very unhappy , unhappy and scared . I was doing other people , future , unluck and empty that I felt inside .
I walked out of the semino , when it started . I took my panosis , I took my crew , and I pourn over hundreds and hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , the pants lay out .
I promised , there was nothing around me , but comments of clarity and it was definitely uncertainty .
&quot; She gets the door . &quot;
It was the beginning . The Bali came from .
And it remains through days and weeks , comment everything third personality .
&quot; She goes to the lecture . &quot;
He was neutral , calm , and even as long as time , odd friendly and reassurance , and sometimes I noticed that he would reflect my emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I was hiding , and I hide too often , because I was quieting , then the voice used to be annoyed .
And a little bit started talking a little bit that normal people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it was that there was something wrong with me .
And I told my pre-physician .
And then I was hoping to become interested in interested and help , so I told him about the strange comments .
For example , I &apos;ve been working on a team of TV stages that would broadcaste a message at the university , and then one closed conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , I need to go .
Since that moment , I was considered the following son of events .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I got this schizophrenia , and then what was the worst , it started to be undermined by hoping , humiliation , embarrassment and feeling of my future .
When I was encouraged to look at that voice , not like I had experience , but it was a symptom , my fear and wanting to increase .
And then I basically made a party before my own mind , it was like a spirit of civil war , and I started hearing more voices , and those voices were empowered and threatened .
Are you seeing a glass of water ?
And it started with fear , failure , failure and dismismated wheel , and that was a struggle that I felt helping to find more targets than targets .
Three years later , my state was very bad .
I had this crazy retailer : sophisticated voices , absurd hallucinations , weird , inspiring belief .
Now , when you remembered these richous buttles , it seems to be dead , but it was also something that was invented .
The elite was started to be injured and obsessed by the person , but the person that came out all this after this , was the winter and eventually gone to the person I had to become .
There &apos;s a lot of people in my life that have hurt me in my life , and I remember them , but those memories blured people who helped me .
I believe that Elean can come out of this .
Sometimes , to gesture , but in summer , always comes . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes , it &apos;s not enough to clean all the good and dosospies that fought to me and me , and I have been waiting to go from suffering and longing .
It was very hard to believe that , because the vote looked at enemy and threatened , was the first step to learn how to separate metaphysical meaning from the promise that I did before .
For example , voices that have threatened my home , I learned to interpret them as their own fear and insecurity in the world , rather than most dangerous .
At first , I would feel it .
I remember , for example , one night I sat outside of my parents &apos; bedroom to protect them from what it looked like to me , literally vote gray .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t go with me .
I have Play-Doh , do you see ? &quot; &quot; Strateric .
And all of that , when I finally came up with my particles , each phrase had their voice , and a little bit later , I returned to the psychiatric region , but from the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud of being an International Me , which is an International Hearing Vocial Vovement , which is a piece of inspiration . It was inspired by a professor , Moman Romer and Schander , and she &apos;s looking at the voice of the strategy , and it &apos;s not a little bit more complicated , and I think we need to understand .
This society is not only possible , but it becomes reality .
When you squeeze Chavez words , once social changes , no longer can transform back .
You can &apos;t promise the person who makes you better .
You can &apos;t take people who don &apos;t feel fear .
In the past 20 years , Hearing Votus , July July July , the creation of the voices we &apos;ve heard of the vocal website in 26 countries , 15 continents to encourage courage courage meaning , which is the power of mental problems that are caused by a new language , and the behavior , which is essentially leaving the hope that will prevent .
As Peter Levine is told , a human being is a unique creature , rewarded in intanity to treat and intellectual power to overcome this innation .
In this sense , the societies of societies are not bigger respect or privilege for the privilege of others to help others of their distinct procedure , to be recycled , to bring their hand out and to hope .
We are special . We don &apos;t change .
This is what lies inside us , and it can never be switched , packed and down .
The light never goes .
As a wonderful doctor , I once said , &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people are about to tell you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photography .
But is this photograph ?
Because of course , this is a picture that you cannot photograph a camera .
However , my interest started when I came to my first digital camera as five .
It removed with my previous passion for drawing , but it was a little different because using camera is important .
And when you take the process process , you download the button .
So , a photograph meant to me in the right place .
I felt everyone could do this .
So I wanted to create something different , something that starts when the button broke .
And it &apos;s a little bit like this : employees go to the road of sensors .
But there &apos;s also a surprise .
And despite that , the belief is safe .
Or photographs like this : both are dark and colorful , but all with the same goal : keep reality .
In terms of &quot; &quot; reality &quot; &quot; I mean , &quot; &quot; the puzzle of reality .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to be possible to capture some way of the image .
It &apos;s a little bit of creating a shortcut moment of thinking that we need to understand .
So , more importantly to capture the idea , not the same moment .
But what is it all about a fluctuation , make a picture of a sudden ?
Does it something to do with details or color ?
Is it related to light ?
What makes an illusion ?
Sometimes it &apos;s an illusion .
But the first thing is that we understand the world , and how it can be done in a two-dimensional surface .
This is actually not real , but we think it seems to be real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I &apos;m just seeing it as a kind of realism in which there can be different parts of reality , so you can create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three very smart objects that we can relate to a three-dimensional world .
But they can connect in a certain way , they can create something that still looks trimater , like this could exist .
But at the same time , we know you cannot .
So we get the brain because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely unlogical .
I see the same and connecting photos .
It &apos;s simply a different kind of practication .
So what this pictures of real puzzle is , I think , is what we don &apos;t even think of , what &apos;s all about us in our everyday life .
But it &apos;s really important to put pictures on the picture , because in another case , it &apos;s just kind of like wrong .
So there are three simple rules that we need to lead , to an actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not something special .
But they can connect something like that .
So first rule : the connections of paper should be photographed by perspective .
Second , connections are supposed to have similar education .
These two images are full of their demand , and they &apos;re taking a picture of the very high and in the same light .
The third rule : it doesn &apos;t have to be separated , where different images begin , and where the end ends start , has to be whole , really .
It wouldn &apos;t be possible to say , the picture was actually built .
So in combination of color , conservative and education in patterns , and between the images , they put on the field of photographs as a field of a field , unlike a piece of color , and then we remove the limits between these images , and in this way , it seems to be a single image of the fact that the monkey can actually be made out of one .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some of you might think that it &apos;s just a landscape , and it &apos;s just a completely different part .
But this image is actually all connected in pictures , doing different places .
I think it &apos;s personal that it &apos;s easier to create a place than it is to find it because then you don &apos;t need to look for compromise ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And I came up with this idea , and I knew that I had several months to plan , to find different kinds of procrastines .
For example , a fish was taken in a fisher .
This is from different places .
A picture of Pandy took a picture of a stroke .
And yes , I even put the house on the red island so that it might look great .
So to get the real outcome , I think , most important is to plan .
It always starts with the idea .
Then they go , they get linked , switch .
And that &apos;s where every part is very well thought , covering .
If you &apos;re doing the right thing , you can get the right thing to get the right thing , the outcome is kind of a pretty unexpected and a kind of real kind .
So all of the tools are being achieved , and the only thing that we have is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from Muslim made a secret , made a comprehensive world .
We broke down .
Iceland her premier refused .
In fact , you know , six businesses are enjoying two millin businesses in the U.S. dollars , they &apos;re involved in the president of President Vemon and his childhood , a friend of mine .
There are more rich companies who are willing to wear new stories , about another document .
It all sounds like a little tripler or John Grisham novel .
It doesn &apos;t relate to us , simple people .
Why should you care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals might be considered a careful oppression and free tax , it remains less slowly for public services , like health care , education , training .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness &quot; &quot; organization for this public demasing phenomenon .
The media and political leaders , as opposed as ophaucal space could be used to hide their slowship . We &apos;ve been on a decade .
I think a lot of ophisticated world is not understandable how it works .
I imagine him as a matrist .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another one , because it &apos;s hard to follow what &apos;s hidden behind all structure .
It &apos;s because it &apos;s hard to deal with legal protection , and tax institutions , journalists , not to understand what happens .
Interestingly , this incident is not taken by the U.S.
It doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no rich Americans who are hidden shops in the air .
This is because Mossack Fonsex has less clients in the U.S.
And I think , if documents were to text out of the Caimans Island , Delderly , Vomomadian state , we would see more interconnected with Americans .
Privacy in America allows you to recycline school workers to expand , pay investors .
It works all us .
&quot; Global Witness &quot; &quot; wanted to know how Sophia works in practice .
It was only a premitive meetings , no lawyers , didn &apos;t take them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t retranslated , yet , systems are problems .
It &apos;s important to point out that it &apos;s not an individual case .
The point is that how the system works , as it &apos;s allowed to contribute the corruption , to tax the tax .
Unfortunately , the U.S. remains .
So it would like to be like that ultra-text , we give them a look at the world of opposed to openness in the U.S.
We , &quot; &quot; Global Witness , &quot; &quot; that &apos;s what we see as a sign of transformation .
We need business leaders to say , &quot; We &apos;re not a place in business . &quot;
Politics have to recognize this problem and make a difference .
Once we can finish the secret , which consists the convention of tax tax , corruption and so thriving .
Chris Anderson : Sack , Dfish .
The way that your baby Wikileaks has published over the last few years is released more secret documents than everything the world clicked together .
Can that be ?
Dlian Asane : Well , can it be ?
The journey to care about this is that all the world press press works so often that a group of group activists are able to release more of the information than everything else &apos;s press together .
Richard Anderson : How does it happen ?
How do people get these documents ?
And how do you make the source of security ?
JS : You can say that these people are classical records of information , and there &apos;s no one way that they can give us information .
We use the latest fragment to use materials to download online , not leave it to footprint sentences , while information gets into countries like Sweden and Belginia , sensory dictators and get a protection .
We get this electronic speaker , simple mail , covered or not , but we actually make it as a normal news cooperation , we give it a format — which is really hard to do , because it comes from a public amount of information and our preservation from inevitable and inevitable .
Richard Anderson : So you &apos;re trying to assure that documents are real . But you &apos;re actually almost never knowing what the individual is .
JS : It &apos;s true . It &apos;s true . We know very rarely in a case , and if we &apos;re at some point about it , we know this is how we destroy information as soon as we can .
( Tellow call ) After all .
( Laughter ) Richard Anderson : I think this is the CID account of how to become TEDsters . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you chose something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya , a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you public and what happened ?
JS : That was Cathlete .
It was secret control of Kenya &apos;s government released in the election , in 2004 .
In 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old Daniel Make .
He was Kenya &apos;s dictator .
When the government came to Kibi , with a coalty that was in pursuit to destroy Kenya &apos;s corruption , they put this study and so on , together , another one thing is connected , they spent about two pounds .
The government wanted it to use political presses before Moi , who was , and there was still a richest person in Kenya .
It was Kenya &apos;s journalist .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get information before we had an election — the national election election was 28 .
We shall leaned our leg in three days after the new president of the president of Kibi decided to claim on a person that was intended to cry — Daniel Moarre , and these president of Kidi was released .
Richard Anderson : In general , you can say that the information from the attached information was based on Kenya , not from the otransitional media , but you don &apos;t even think it really changed the outcomes ?
JS : Yeah . This information came to &quot; &quot; The Guardian on the first page , and then it was printed in Kenya &apos;s neighbors in countries , in Tanzania and South Africa .
It came from outside .
And a few days later , this could be safe and Kenya &apos;s press .
These women on Kenya , were broadly 20 events , and Kenya &apos;s goodbye data , 10 percent changed the number of vote , and then they took a election winners .
Richard Anderson : So you &apos;ve got information fundamentally change the world .
JS : Yeah .
( Applause ) Richard Anderson : We want to show you a short video from Bagdado , the recorder of the weakender Bagsade .
The video is much longer . This is just a short break .
I want to warn that this battle is not about young people .
Radims : ... fuckin , when you can , take all the way .
I see your element , four Humwel , driving one another ...
I did it . Okay .
Tell me when you see them . Swead .
Try them all .
Go !
( Autterers ) Sorry . Shut up . ( Singing ) Should you .
Six ... Bushmanster Dufoster , Bush-Duch-six .
We have to go , time !
Okay , whatever you get to eight personality .
Yes , we see two birds &#91; helicopter &#93; , and we &apos;re just buying it .
I realized . I see them .
Two shadows , language Du-six , we go .
Up , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , cha-cha . I spell them .
Richard Anderson : So what was this video ?
JS : The Global Goals for those who did it , seriously .
We sent it to Bagdadadad two people to do more distant research .
This is shown here , only three primary actors that came in this place .
Scott Anderson : In this atmosphere , the 11 people die , right ? The two news agency Reuters .
JS : An Reuters , two children are injured .
It has died from 18 to 26 people .
Richard Anderson : This video produced universal annotion .
How do you think what the biggest reason of failing ?
Johnny : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people saw the neequal force .
Here are people who don &apos;t smoke walking in the street , and the Aboche juggling over kilometers , every single one of them released 30 pounds of braver , which is searching for disappearance and killing people who have injured .
And as a result , there were two journalists who were not really reminded when they were working on their direct work .
Scott Anderson : There was a permanent US &apos;s analysis in Bradley Mansion , and it &apos;s been recognized that this video gave you this video , and together , and the 250,000 secrets are hanging in the Netherlands , of course .
Is that what he did ?
JS : We &apos;ve refused to accept these logo .
Fifty days ago , he gave him a prison for 150 million hitting lowering looption and 50-year-old coloopation .
In the early &apos; 60s , we are hopefully hooked in the US Philipptible Reck . But that &apos;s not necessarily related .
I want to say that in this basement , I was a staircase .
Richard Anderson : If you were to get thousands of U.S. ampockets in the United States .
J. AM : We would be public . ( Video ) George : Yeah . ( Laughter ) George Anderson : Yeah . ( Laughter ) Chris Anderson : Why ? No , because that &apos;s the fact , let &apos;s say the truth about both countries , let &apos;s say in Arabic countries .
If you look at these secretly colored cases , it &apos;s exactly the image .
Video : Let &apos;s talk about this .
What is your interest in philosophy ?
Why do you think of public secret ?
JS : It depends on how information information is important for the world to overcome .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
So the information that we love organizations are incompassionate and resources are coming outside the outside , and then this is a good sign , so it allows you to get to achieve something good . Organization , which is spontaneous , all the information that know from the beginning to start to extract data .
This is what we found in practice . But that &apos;s what journalists have .
Richard Anderson : But is there a risks for the unity of all individuals or a society that information flow really can help fail ?
JS : That wasn &apos;t our passive information .
I mean , it &apos;s considered the policy of harnessing politics .
There was a case where we had a information that could be personalized — one that could identify personalized .
But there is a case when we prefer information can &apos;t be published , for example , data is a lawyer of health , but our sources that only need information to do it .
Richard Anderson : You have to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if the father that son would serve in the U.S. military , claim , &quot; &quot; You know , what you &apos;ve done is you &apos;ve decided to take a failure .
The story is that the American soldiers laugh from dying people .
It makes sense — impressive impressions of millions of people all over the world , that American soldiers are unbelievable .
In fact , it &apos;s not that . My son is not like this . How are you going to respond to that ?
JS : Yeah , that &apos;s how we hear things .
But remember that people in Bagdade , Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t need to watch that video every day .
So the video doesn &apos;t change them . It doesn &apos;t change their understanding .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
But the video can change opinion and understand the people who do all this , and that &apos;s what our hope is .
Richard Anderson : So that &apos;s a way to bring light into black companies and governments ?
The light is fine .
But don &apos;t you think ironically , the fact that when you try to hook the mystery of others , you have a secret in your source ?
JS : No . It &apos;s not that . We don &apos;t have any Wikillcopia .
We don &apos;t have any resources that would have diarded in the other side .
If you could find it , we would be a bit messy situation , but we &apos;re doing it so that people could feel moral support in our mission , rather than that .
Richard Anderson : I would find it interesting to know what we &apos;re hearing now — what the TED audience is .
It &apos;s recognized that there can be different opinions about Wikiya and Droller &apos;s activity .
Or a man is a nation of a hero , carrying light .
Or it &apos;s dangerous shopping .
What makes it a hero time ?
Who thinks he &apos;s dangerous fighting ?
JS : Well , it &apos;s bold . You know something should be .
Richard Anderson : This is the sheep of sheep , Dfish , found it .
We &apos;d have to try to get more of that . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You have things that you don &apos;t buy , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What happened is that intriguing event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : It &apos;s our illustration , our daily activity .
At the end of the last year , a blog , a few oil functions in the French Albania , like Mexico , only a big scale .
We had a disrupt — a sort of evolution-engineering analysis that the protests have been writing , that some of the security employees are competing , all kinds of competitive cousins would build a zoo .
The battle was involved , and there were some of Alebanana government .
The awareness of our atoms on the top had no explain information , and we were a particularly complicated document .
We didn &apos;t have to test him because we didn &apos;t know what he wrote , although we realized what it was about .
So we looked at documents a fairly skeptical , thinking , maybe there &apos;s some competitive that we have to do with the Global Goals .
So we put a document on the country saying that we &apos;re looking at skeptically .
We don &apos;t know what we could do .
So the material seems interesting , right , but we can &apos;t test it . And we didn &apos;t just check it this week , and we had a letter from letter that letter wrote to know the document of document . ( Applause ) And they said , &quot; &quot; Well , we wanted to figure out the source . &quot; &quot; So we said , &quot; &quot; Well , I would say , &quot; &quot; Well , I would say , &quot; &quot; Well , specifically .
What kind of document you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right document ?
Does it actually belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a document , and the picture of Microsoft Word ID was down by a document .
So .
( Applause ) And that happens pretty much .
It &apos;s sort of like one of our approach that we &apos;re willing to identify or test a tourist material , which is that we &apos;re trying to test these guys to write letters .
Richard Anderson : Do you have given information from GDP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but at this point , we &apos;re going to be very intensive search and technical jobs .
So our audience numbers over the last few months , because we have a big interest in interest , we &apos;ve now rearrange our main systems .
The problem of careful learning is a problem .
Like every starting organization , we &apos;re very excited about our growth . It means we get a huge amount of information that is the most important amount of information that we get in , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and test that information .
Richard Anderson : And what is the most limitless opportunities — is it going to have a lack of interest to work in journalists or a lack of journalists ?
JS : Yeah . And the creatures of people .
I want to say that we &apos;re such an organism that we &apos;re growing up as hard as it grows our materials , and that &apos;s what we need to do is we need people to work with the highest secret information , and also the next secret information , and the lower secret information .
Richard Anderson : To understand you , tell you how you &apos;ve been doing it .
I read that as a kid , I had to learn 37 different schools .
Can it be ?
JS : My parents worked in Chinese and then hidden from the sex , so these two comediation ...
( Laughter ) Richard Anderson : Phologist told me that this is a recipe how to cheat .
JS : Who , Chinese business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Now Chris Anderson : You &apos;ve been in a young haker &#91; programming &#93; and quite a young girl gets to the table .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I &apos;ve always become an active journalist .
I went to a magazine that I was persistent in a teenage age age .
So we need to be careful with hakers .
I want to say that &apos;s the method that you can apply to all kinds of activity .
Unfortunately , the present time is usually a ruslim master that you want to break your old bank account .
So this word isn &apos;t so pleasant what it was like before .
Richard Anderson : Well , I don &apos;t really think you &apos;re a leopard person &apos;s old bank accounts . What are your main values ?
Can we name them , maybe tell us what an event that &apos;s taken by choice ?
JS : I can &apos;t answer that event .
But fundamental values like this — smart people don &apos;t leave behind themselves , they sacrifice care .
This understanding remained from my father and from other intelligent people I met in my life .
Richard Anderson : The people who don &apos;t leave behind themselves , they care about it ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m fighting up , so it &apos;s not very powerful to take care of gold . But in some sense — there &apos;s another way that I can defend on — it &apos;s a criminal crime .
This is a bruser that has been very long .
Richard Anderson : So , tell you very short , a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something , public concerns about the bullying system , after the news government , the government was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they published your position .
It gave you a very popular rise in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : It &apos;s a ironic story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was heavy .
The traffic sector of GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , last year , we announced the leg .
And the National TV station was reclaimed for five minutes to transtransformation , like a movie came to a movie account , and the readers watching it , &quot; Never happened . What &apos;s happening here ? &quot;
Throughout all the time on TV , how smooth was shown in our website , and we became a very insultant in Iceland , we got a conversation about these things .
In all of the men , it felt like that it was never going to be replicating . It was the result that as a result that some of the Iceland policies and international interests , we had a new legitimate in Icelandic Iceland , which would allow them to become a kind of development ; it would be the most journalist in the world .
Iceland is a north country , so as Norway , can convey in a system .
A month ago , these rights accords were one to accept Iceland paradise .
Richard Anderson : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) The last question is Dfish .
When you think about the future of what it &apos;s going to be — will the Big Brother even more edge control , it will be more secrecy , are we going to notice the Big Brother , or abstract process ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure that we &apos;re going to get it .
There &apos;s a strong pressure on trying to harmonize the rights of freedom to get more transparency — it &apos;s happening all over the world , across the European Union and the U.S.
We &apos;re going to go in the direction ? It &apos;s hard to predict .
It &apos;s because it &apos;s an interesting time to live on , because it &apos;s one thing or another , it can determine a really big motion , we &apos;re going to turn on our own road or another .
Richard Anderson : I think I &apos;m going to say the voice of the audience : fish , be careful , and let &apos;s look at your forces .
JS : Thank you , Chris Anderson : Thank you . ( Applause )
Good day .
My name is Ulden .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I focus on a voice between meaning , aesthetic , beauty , composition , irony and ethics .
Today , I &apos;m going to tell you about a project that I call Desperatient romantic .
I took a painting , and I gave a new , a new meaning , and talking about me in Russia , questions like people in Russia , who are not models , but there &apos;s a lot of interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dance , only 12 years old , but in high school , they sleep in the middle school , they wear a brutality of brutality , like not to be distracted in classic way , like no personality .
This boy has the Global Goals and dreams , but he loves them to be accepted because it &apos;s not so easy , especially in Russia .
Another couple is interpret metaphor .
And this is Nix , one of the barbers Searly Peterburg protection .
He liked to say , &quot; &quot; Piky I wouldn &apos;t like you . &quot; &quot; quoting with Halk from a movie , but I never saw his angry .
He hives his sensitive , romantic side , because in Russia , between men , there &apos;s no romantic to be a novel , but there &apos;s a cool thing to be surrounded by women and look like aggression Halk .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I &apos;m going to take a picture of a project and give him a new meaning and a new temptation .
Sometimes , when you compare the faces and play with words : irony , Gelephant person , compared to the person .
( Laughter ) Through facts , I set out social questions that surrounded me in Russia .
Interestingly , the fact about marriage in Russia , that most of 18 , 19-year girls are ready and dreaming .
We &apos;ve been taught since a childhood marriage is successful , so many girls are fighting to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
In the educational way , I &apos;m an old and I have no hope .
And because you can see me with Mexican warrior , with a wedding dress in my garden .
But remember , irony is a key , and I &apos;m doing it motivating girls to pursue their goods , dreams and change stereotypes .
Be courageous . Be careful — that helps .
Be like curious and design magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . The Greek designer .
In the world , we are more achieving .
And so far , all of the World Warcoft has spent 5.3 million years by solving virtual Aker &apos;s problems .
And that &apos;s not a bad thing .
We evolutionize communities and sincere creatures .
And in fact , the consequences are more stronger than social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
And I &apos;m trying to solve this problem .
His work is wonderful . He &apos;s practicing why they &apos;re working .
But this , in a way , is not an optical situation .
We need to start making reality more like playing .
We had an amazing game of games on earth that we had some interactions .
People suffered . People military .
It &apos;s really exciting .
The Green Herodot , after 18 years , the king decided that we need to play the last party .
We want to imagine observations and then give people tools to them .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an amazing story and adventure that continues .
We have to draw that story . We have a different skill as a local insight , a building block , a sustainable building , a vision and accountability .
My big idea is just a tiny idea to open up millions of big ideas that are in this moment .
And that little idea is sleeping .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in this room .
I don &apos;t see women &apos;s women .
I learned what it was worth sleeping .
2.5 years ago , I fell out of rain .
And I went to the table , and I broke my god , right to the edge .
Then I started to rediscover the value of sleep .
Throughout that time , I &apos;ve been training , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , scientists , and here I &apos;m here to tell me that I would give you a few more inspiration and happy life to sleep .
( Applause ) We &apos;re women , we &apos;re going to be in front of this new revolution , a new feminism .
We &apos;re going to get a high tube through bed literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , men , had become equal .
I was recently in Westerners with a guy who had been treated that at night before the toast was taking four hours .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were sleeping five years old , dinner would be more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Laughter ) invented a bit like a crazy clip .
Especially , in Washington , if you want to meet in the morning , and you say , &quot; &quot; Is it going to be a tunal tomorrow ? &quot; &quot; I &apos;m going to answer , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m late , but I &apos;m okay , I &apos;m going to have a plan for a few , and we &apos;ll get 88 . &quot; &quot; They say that it &apos;s very good , because they &apos;re starting to make the leadership , because there &apos;s no
So the high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because it &apos;s the leader of leadership , it &apos;s the ability to see leaving the Titanic .
And our titles are already overwhelmed with lots of ice .
In fact , I don &apos;t even think that if brothers Lehmaner were my brothers and sisters of Lehmans , they wouldn &apos;t have the bill .
( Applause ) While all my brothers were hopefully bored and turned on , maybe my sister saw a prison , because they &apos;d been thrown out in 7.5 or eight hours &apos; sleep , and there would be a picture of this .
So at this point , we &apos;re facing all sorts of worldwide crisis , which is what &apos;s good for us as individuals and gratitude , efficiency to our lives , the best career , is the best of our career .
So I urge you to open up and find some great ideas that are in us , turning off the bars and find the power of the warriors .
Thank you .
( Applause )
And the story of this is that imagination needs to appreciate very serious .
14 years ago , I first confronted with a pretty normal material — a fishing web , the age of age used to do that .
I use it a day to create long-term waves of stealing surrounding forces , and I &apos;m putting equally equivalent to the world &apos;s cities .
It wasn &apos;t like I could do that .
I never studied sculptures , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after college graduation , I went to a seven-art school , and all of my candidates were lost .
I started my own educational , and I became 10 years old when I received a suggestion from Fulllabs for international education and cultures to travel to India .
With a lot of hope to give you a painting , I sent myself to a paintings , and I came to Mahabalian city .
The last day , but my paintings hadn &apos;t been brought back ...
I had something to do .
The village was sounds like their sculpts .
So I tried bronia .
However , a large sculptures of building , this tool has been through hard and expensive .
I went to the beach to walk , looking for you , looking for the blood vessels on the mountain .
Every day , I &apos;d seen this , but once , I &apos;ve lost that uneasy — a new ability to create sculptures , a new way to create scultures without heavy materials .
My first sculpture was created by collaborating with these fishes .
It &apos;s a bus portrait called &quot; &quot; Plato . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We took a sculptures in this picture .
I found her breakfast on the surface of each wind , continuing to change its descriptions .
This is me hiptism .
I went on to a traditional convention , and I collaborated with the aspects of Lietry , and then I had some clouds .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , so that it would make them feel like that , we can fail ...
And we went back to India with the Swedding , and we made a network with a half million arms tied to maze the mazones . Sphea was a little deal in Madride .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was a banist Manual Morales , who was a project in your heart , in Portugaly .
He asked me if I could build this as long-term warrior .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my artwork .
To confuse them , okay , conconstructed , illegal , like the enemy to extremely slow and shorter .
I was looking for a five-inch that would hold ultraviolet light , a drink , a weather , and it &apos;s also a pretty easy to fold in the winter .
We needed something that would keep a website over the dark floor .
So we took this 45 000-consideration — about 20 411 pounds of steel .
We had to design it like this so that it could remove the windney and threw the rainy winter .
But it wasn &apos;t a designing program that could model something and move .
I found a beautiful engineer engineer that designed at the boat of American Machine Seppel .
And he helped me to double the challenge — to achieve a perfect form and a perfect movement .
I couldn &apos;t continue to build the same way , because the arroller couldn &apos;t hold the Israi .
So I was collaborated with the industrial building block , and I found out their manufacturing machines , and how they were going through the network .
But there was no language to be translated into that unique behavior of old car operators to make it .
So we had to create our own pregnant machine .
After three and a year , and a half of the children we took 50,000 square feet — ( Applause ) about 15 square square , a block of the network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was built , longeous and lost a little bit of authorities .
( Applause ) This place was blankfully and beaten .
Now it has an implication .
And after this sculpation after the first time , the first time .
And I watched as if you were created by a psychological regraphy , and I felt like I was rolling around a globally and then found a connection to the edge of the sky ...
My life was not the same .
I want to make these sculptural cities all over the world .
I &apos;m going to play two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
Iffat Philadelphia , city of Philadelphia : they were much easier than the web material to create .
So we experimenting with breakthroughs of small pieces of water , so we &apos;d like to create a cookie that could be formed by wind , and attemplates , and also people who can participate in that display .
I use this material to rebuild meters on the ground in real time , which is like the urban system of movement .
The next challenge is : international culture and ideas , &quot; &quot; The Biennial Dennial , &quot; &quot; in Denaissance , the organizers asked me if I could revive 35-year-olds in the wednight and their common culture in one .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and cunk , cotted across the Pacific .
It &apos;s transition of the Earth &apos;s text tons , it &apos;s going to fast on the planet &apos;s component , and it &apos;s not going to take away , hopefully day on Earth .
I associated with NOAA and a National administration of the ocean and an atmosphere , and I asked them if they were sharing information about cabinetes , and then I changed this .
They call &quot; &quot; 1.26 , &quot; &quot; accounting microseconds that we &apos;ve wired the day .
I couldn &apos;t build her as usual , using a steel grid .
They worked too hard .
So the metal arranges , I would change it into a mind-block network from material , 15 times cheaper .
This sculpture was already a notion of an exception , so it &apos;s so easy that it could add up to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer programs that could design these complex forces and make them look at the ground .
So we had to do that .
And then I got a phone call from New York , and I asked me if I could apply my creative Times &quot; &quot; Wow or High Line .
A new way of thinking is able to create me and build sculptures , sculptures like heaven sky .
And so far , they didn &apos;t have much funding , but I &apos;ve been dreaming for cculptures to sculptures in many cities where they &apos;re the most needed .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional tradition , medium form .
I call this this a high technology , and engineering , to create a remote resource of buildings .
My creative horizon is expanding .
I &apos;m going to close this story .
I called a friend of Phoenix .
A man who never looked at me , and I remember , never a visit of a local art museum , pulled all of her work , and forced her work , after this sculpation .
With a cosmic rule on a grass was observed by wind scriptures , strangers , dividing the discovery of wonder ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , we need to look at the horizontal cortex .
In contrast , we lose some predictions .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I became essentially a baby &apos;s body .
If you ever seen the human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from one another .
Sorry . Thank you . It &apos;s very pleasant . ( Laughter ) No doubt .
The transformation of energy in one time is able to get through all of our sensors systems , and it creates a multidimensional image of what it looks like in the present moment , as he spends how his sketch feels like his sound .
I &apos;m the energy of energy that I &apos;m connected to the environment through my right cousins .
At this moment , we are perfect , we are in one unit .
My left uncle , our left cousin — works differently .
Our left is going to be a booth thinking and metodically .
Our left is going to be about words .
Everything I could wake up was energy . Energy ...
And it &apos;s a bad thing to me .
I felt the lighter .
