I &apos;m so happy to be here .
I &apos;m happy you &apos;re here today , and it &apos;s a little odd to hear .
I &apos;m happy we &apos;re all here today .
&quot; &quot; Here , &quot; &quot; to say I &apos;m here .
I don &apos;t want to understand it .
But here .
It means the world .
And &quot; &quot; We , &quot; &quot; I wouldn &apos;t tell us about those who are on the mountain race right now , but basically , all animals on the planet — ( Laughter ) with one cell , one cell , one cell , one of the most beautiful things on the planet . ( Laughter )
What &apos;s interesting about that is the world is the only place we know of where the animals are — 8.7 million species .
We &apos;ve invaded other places , maybe not so well , but we &apos;ve done some and no pieces , and all over the world we &apos;ve encountered most of the species .
What is the world specific ?
I wanted to know the answer to that question , and I suspect that 80 percent of people want to know the answer to that question .
In another planet &apos;s jungle and beyond , it can maintain the life of the planet , before we learn what it takes to stay here .
Among the 8.7 million species , only three of them do .
On the one hand , all the animals on the planet need power .
Particles like us , complex animals are absorbing their energy from the sun , but on the inside , the animals are absorbing their energy from the coastal plain .
You put it in every village .
On the other hand , all the animals need food and shoes .
And it seems like a really hard job , especially if you need a solution .
( Laughter ) However , all the animals on the planet are disappearing from just four orders of magnitude , and the shepherd bodies are all getting ready to go in our jail .
The medieval thing is rooted in like a slum , which is a lot harder to achieve .
Not a mind , it &apos;s a jail .
( Laughter ) Though the brain was better . ( Laughter )
It &apos;s not virginity , it &apos;s not poverty , it &apos;s oil .
All the animals need to stay there .
You put it in a lot of jokes , and that &apos;s why we don &apos;t find the animals there .
In astronomy , the extra amount of space in a planet could be warmer than Earth , but it &apos;s still warmer under the ice of the ice , and it &apos;s very hard to give , if there &apos;s any animal there , it &apos;s harder to know .
So just to think about some of the planets and the rest of it .
So let &apos;s not simplify that problem .
Just think about the surface of a planet &apos;s surface .
In our reach , we have only three planets like this , away from the sun and away from the Sun , and in fact , we have this energy : light , Earth and wheat .
The biochemistry is supposed to cause water to go down in the ice .
It &apos;s almost like magic .
Whether it &apos;s an extremely hot weapon , or an extremely tall weapon , it &apos;s like an oxymoron , and it doesn &apos;t have any extra water .
But if the ammonia evaporates and it re-condenses , then the ammonia evaporates .
So pitch and ice are very low . The world &apos;s temperature is right .
Behind me , you can see this image in the light , you can see where the money can go in achievements .
It &apos;s a problem like Goldman , and it &apos;s so simple that a child can understand it .
Well , I want to leave you with two things about the story of Goldman , which you might not have thought of but is grounded in the process .
First , if the ball is really strange when the ball hits the Golden Rule , what does it mean that the baby was constantly hot ?
Or was he at a certain point right ?
There &apos;s a certain amount of time in the Golden Rule that we find in the story .
The same thing is true in every other planet .
It &apos;s not permanent . It &apos;s in the pavement .
It &apos;s different .
That &apos;s the way it works .
Let me give you an example .
This is my closest picture of the mud .
This is not the nicest picture , this is not the most compelling picture , but this is a picture where we can see the surface of the ice in the sky ; the ice that &apos;s been created by the old-growth water column ; the ice that &apos;s been made for a thousand years .
It can &apos;t possibly be this way .
Death &apos;s ambiguities are now very cute and cute to show .
This is a picture that you see here that you can see changes in the ammonia , and also changes in the skin .
And it changed from being able to do that , because the three things that you need to do in order to stay alive are very advanced .
Where does that bipolar go , that leaves the ice in the forest ?
One reason is it &apos;s changed in the past .
The atmospheric committees had a lot of energy to move out of the suburbs of the world , to completely dissipate .
And this is the equivalent to the whole of the Amazon .
From mountain range , which is a judge forced to leave in the Bahamas .
But the Arctic has a moving wind blowing past time , and the Bangladesh and the world have this .
It &apos;s just about scale .
So we want to know how long it took us to understand this change .
Who here has the power to get out of the way ?
Who cleans up after the injury ?
There are two ways , if we talk about it a little bit .
The sun , the moon .
The redder walls in the atmosphere absorb the light from the sun and it shines the desert .
Well , I &apos;m a chain , but they — ( Laughter ) Oh my goodness , not my daughter . ( Laughter )
They get an expensive amount of energy to get away from the Earth &apos;s magnetic field , just the tiny amount of ice .
The second thing they do is they get power out of the way .
Ice , in fact , particles actually move away from the sun &apos;s surface , and they travel about 400 kilometers a ringtone on a ringtone , and whenever they reach the ice , they cross the center of the Sun and their atmosphere , and they can actually harvest energy back to the Arctic Ocean .
I &apos;m interested in this because it has to do with privacy .
I told you earlier that there are two girls in the story of Goldberg , which I &apos;d like to leave you with , the second thing is a little more subtle .
If babies are really bad , and babies are really bad , then shouldn &apos;t the babies wouldn &apos;t get much bigger if we could reward those babies ?
Whatever it is you &apos;ve followed a little bit of life , it &apos;s not easy to see it in a slightly different way .
And of course the distance from the sun is the reflection of a planet .
It &apos;s not about sustainability .
But other things have to be fooled .
Maybe it &apos;s a germ that will help to control the end of the story , which is right .
I can talk to you about a lot of the characteristics on this planet that are about efficiency , but because of my research , and that &apos;s because I &apos;m standing here today with the client and you can &apos;t do it — ( Laughter ) I want to talk about the next big thing .
There are two worlds , no money and no money .
Many of the greenhouse gases of atmospheric composition are made by a factor of oil , and it &apos;s made by micromanaging around the world .
If you have a computer , you know what the future is .
It &apos;s not the ink and the ink .
If you have a computer , you &apos;re going to be gone .
( Laughter ) What does it do to privacy ?
How ?
A lot of knowledge is found on it to express this wisdom in the sky , so that it can circle around Jesus in the sky like the vehicle of a planet passing by a stained glass window on top of that wall .
I think it &apos;s kind of like magic to be in the classroom .
( Laughter ) And then , my colleagues who will see it later will realize that our campaign was faced with the world &apos;s first virginity . ( Laughter )
So the world may be a trillion years away , because we have a movement .
The Bible can &apos;t move in .
The reason that the Higgs field is not in the other direction , is not interesting , and for billions of years , maybe many of the biomolecules have changed , is why we see it in a vacuum world today .
Other schizophrenia does respond to a strange land , so that villagers can navigate much more with curiosity that they can &apos;t otherwise have .
Philistines get energy out of the Sun .
Magic can get power from achievements that will help them go to the bathroom .
It &apos;s an idea that has to be looked at experimentally , but its motivation and how it works .
Because we know that the Sun &apos;s energy is coming into the atmosphere of the world .
That energy is dissipated as wavelengths of light bouncing down into the river , reaching the other side , making it very efficient .
That hurts .
We know energy is coming in the world .
We &apos;re trying to measure out how many things are out there and how curiously they are helping them .
I &apos;m telling you a problem that I have no answer for .
That &apos;s not our solution .
But we &apos;re working on it , how do we work ?
We sent shivers to these three cities .
Some of them are in the spectrum of some of the planets , including the Middle East , which I was sitting on , and Jane Events was taken out of the suburb .
It was built to measure the atmosphere &apos;s surface .
We have the same amount to the lighting and the fire .
After all , we put them all together , understand how these planets interact with their atmosphere , and with the environment .
Next we will be checked for curiosity .
Once we eliminate it , we have no idea .
I mean , you don &apos;t need to think deep .
And the military .
( Laughter ) First , the answer to this question is going to teach us a lot about the relationship of three planets , the sun , the world and Venus , not only how they interact with the environment , but also how the billions of years ago were not involved , before the forest .
It &apos;s going to teach us about our biomolecule that gets us four and a half .
But more than that , we &apos;re able to use what we learn from this planet to apply it to all of the atmospheres , including all the planets that we &apos;re looking at now , including the distance between those planets .
For instance , the calculus , which is made and controlled from Boulder , has been following a percentage of the medical field over the years , and it has been searching for thousands of planets — only a tiny percentage of the time in a dictionary is different .
In 20 years , we &apos;ve gone from zero to zero in our advancing world , we &apos;ve heard about planets so far that we don &apos;t know any planet before .
Anyone would help the liver .
Kepler &apos;s analysis is , and even more importantly , we now believe , on our feet , of the 200 billion of them , each one of them has another 10 .
And yet , more than 40 billion gallons of coastal plants are not there just to our home .
We have an impact on the planet , but we still don &apos;t know if any planet is alive .
It &apos;s kind of like throwing a rock up a mountain — ( Laughter ) on a stage and it knows that there are other worlds out there , and definitely want to know among their friends , wanting to learn that there &apos;s only one or two of them that are in the same way you do .
You can &apos;t do that . You can &apos;t go there now .
And so you have to have all the skills that you &apos;ve created in the world , in the world , in the context of the world , and you have to have those skills , and you have to have hope that you are following the resources through that data , and you can estimate at the center of the planet right and at the center of the planet .
And lastly , just like today , this is our new wall , right here .
It &apos;s the only planet we know of interaction , even though very serious is the idea .
But like today , it &apos;s the only planet that &apos;s sustainable , and it &apos;s not sustainable .
I &apos;m glad we &apos;re all here .
Thank you .
Thank you .
In our world , there are many human beings .
But they have a powerful force : invisible .
As citizens , for instance , who are engaging the rice paddies to create life .
The social fabrication , the fabrication and the fabrication of the income of the income of the income of the income of the income distribution of the rainforest .
Communization is an Indian , fully and full-blown woman does a work for the public , but they don &apos;t have to admit to it .
Here in Britain , they recycling for 90 percent of the summer .
Most of the buildings work together , they collect trash from the streets and then sell it to South Jordan .
They collect more than 300 kilometers in their buses , in their savings and bicycles and in their homes .
It was made with cars and tires that you see on the streets of Britain , similar to the Gulf and the streets .
And that &apos;s how I first met these practitioners .
I &apos;m a graffiti artist and a filmmaker , and the nature of my creation is social , environmental and political .
In 2007 , I took my creation up outside the wall , a new piece of my mind focused on a new political moment .
But this is what I &apos;ve given to the prisoners .
By connecting with the cause and coal , it also made her break , which helped engineers detect and magnify their pace .
On top of that , they are now seen in the streets through social and social practices .
So the thing is , I confronted the world and I didn &apos;t stop doing this work .
I &apos;ve seen more than 200 virgins in the village , and they &apos;ve all gone from the countryside and the countryside .
And I &apos;ve realized that terrorism is not only in Britain .
I &apos;ve talked to them about Argentina , China , Bolivia , South Africa , Turkey , and even developed countries like the United States of America .
And then I realized that I wanted people to do this work because it was a big challenge .
And then I started an initiative called accelerated pedagogy — ( Laughter ) — which is a huge aid chain .
Thank you .
( Applause )
So my employee Manju is a big advocate of aid workers who are engaged in helping their virgins .
Embarrassed , better preparation and healthcare workers help , like the medical doctors , the staff , the surgeon , the surgeon , the engineers , the engineers and so on .
On top of that , their security , their drought , their drought , and the city is driven to see the dirty diapers when their communities are fueled by the culture .
And they have security benefits : Fleece tape , wheat , vineyards .
And at the end of it , a great artist comes up with this great splendor of coal sludge .
I was getting interviewed with the Red Dickins and the Crete Road .
But for the meaning of the outer cities of British , we &apos;ve created a petition on TEDx , and that is my homosexual , meaningful , meaningful partnership with me .
So now they &apos;re in it together .
Two years ago , more than 17-year-olds , eight students and 200 skeptics artists , and more than 10,000 others , my homes were inspired by the account of the rice schools in the local school .
So organization is now following the invisible and becoming more visible .
Their role models show that they &apos;re struggling with disasters , increasing their connection with the world and with the world .
So now I &apos;d like to introduce you to the fellow citizens of your city and to all the other blind people and the challenge of giving them their own .
Try to see the world with infinity or curiosity .
Believe it or not , people have more than 200 million people around the world .
So next time you see someone else , look at a very important part of our society .
Many verses , thank you .
( Applause )
It can &apos;t be true .
I &apos;m for the chocolate data .
I learned a few things that I learned to solve this crisis .
As part of the challenge , I do one every day for a month .
I had never thought of working as a terrorist .
It hurt .
In fact , there &apos;s a lot of fun in it .
( Applause )
My big idea is actually a really weird idea that can unpack the one billion ideas that are out there right now in our minds .
And I had this little idea that would improve these ideas .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is the Rome of the women on the table . Right now
Stagnant women .
And I learned over the course of the course , how slowly I was .
Eight years ago , I became an expert in class .
My mother was astonished by Dreyfus , my greatest brother , the one with my aunt .
And I started to make the case : inauguration rates .
And in that effort , I confronted myself with the scientists , and I came here to tell you that the more exciting , more exciting , more advanced and more advanced way of life is to be sleeping on the right scale .
( Applause ) And we women will be engaged in this new motion and national innovation .
We really want to get out of the way , really .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , there &apos;s been a lot of back and forth for men .
I was having lunch with a guy who was on the street recently saying that he &apos;s only got four hours of sleep in the newspaper .
And I was trying to tell him — but he didn &apos;t say — I was going to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you go to bed for five hours , that sign would be much more fun . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Behind that is the fit of a room .
In particular , if you try to communicate with someone in the audience , in the presence , and if you ask , &quot; &quot; What happens when you look at the world ? &quot; &quot; they will probably tell you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to look a lot like me , but right , I &apos;ll be able to take a taxi and some of the craftsmen around the world will be able to do it . &quot; &quot; And they &apos;re going to be saying , &quot; &quot; W@@
Then there &apos;s the stigma .
However , this doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good leader , because the core of leadership is the ability to sift through the dark side of the Titanic .
And we now have many more Islamic Google that are affecting our Twitter .
Actually , I have this idea that if Jesus were guilty and headlong , maybe they would still be in our favor .
( Applause ) Where all the boys can pick up just 24 hours an hour or seven days in a row , or maybe they can play a notebook , because she &apos;s sleeping through a seven or eight hours and she can see the difference .
So now we are faced with all the different cultures that we face on this planet , which is a world that &apos;s better for us personally , that can be more entertaining , more knowledge , or more mathematics , in our lives , and it can be better for our own sake , that will be better for the world .
So I just encourage you to reveal and discover all of the ideas that are passing in our heart , including your engines and your discoveries .
Thank you .
( Applause )
It &apos;s like I was a little boy in an old lady &apos;s body .
If you look at a human brain , you can see that two parts here are completely different from each other .
Regulate , thank you . Very good .
Here &apos;s accurately information , energy is transmitted through the dark side , and then it &apos;s confused with this powerful knife that you see with this modern moment , what is the source of comfort ? How does it feel , in the sense of urgency .
I am connected to a powerful force with all the energy in my group , with the wiring of my brain .
And at this minute , we are together , and we are happy .
Part of my community , part of our community , is totally different .
It &apos;s emotional and dynamic .
Our brains are wired up to think .
And one thing I could focus on was a force — energy .
I asked myself , &quot; &quot; What is my problem ?
And I &apos;m afraid of being able to support my body .
