By the time we get to the age of about a billion people on this planet are actively engaging in social networks .
They all have one thing in common : They all die one day .
And even though it &apos;s a pressing idea somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And so what made me think about this is , at the beginning of this year , a blog by Dr. Miller , who was a reporter of science and technology who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this and then clearly after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Oh , I &apos;m dead , and this is the last letter of my blog .
I also asked the question that , when my body finally died from cancer survivors , my family and friends would publish this message that I wrote , and this activity website would be just as passive . &quot; &quot; Because Miller was a journalist , his head was probably well-written and contextualized , but in fact , all of us are creating a tool that &apos;s so different from what &apos;s ever happened to creativity .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
Now , every minute there are 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube .
There are 200 million numbers written every day .
The average Facebook consumer makes 90 points a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , the best chance they &apos;ll be made will be some pictures and economic videos , or an agenda in a bucket .
And today , we all make this wonderful , wealthy digital device that will last forever in the cloud , many years after we die .
And I think for technology it &apos;s going to create some incredibly interesting possibilities .
Just to make it very clear , I &apos;m a journalist and not a technologist , and I want to give you a glimpse of what it &apos;s going to be like today and the future .
Now we already know some of the services that are designed to help us decide what &apos;s going to be with our online professors and social media count after our death .
One of them I found quite well when I was on sabbatical in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York .
( Audio ) AO : Black .
T : Yes ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour — even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : An ifie.net is not too late .
( Laughter ) E : It &apos;s a little bit scary , right ?
That service just lets you create a message or a video that you can post on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another one called the 1,000 Commandments .
It allows you to create a place for your loved ones , a place for exhibition online , with broadcast videos , with photos and stories that can appear after you die .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Deep Roy , who showed last March that he could have analyzed over 90,000 hours of economic video .
As the capacity of cars to understand human language and build huge amounts of data is increasing , it &apos;s possible to analyze a life-long life by simplicity , numbers , images , movies , blogs — that we create with so many .
I think for a while , our digital personalities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world after we die , because of all the content that we create , and because of technology , it &apos;s an opportunity to communicate it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My next number , &quot; &quot; and it analyzes all your Twitter accounts , everything you &apos;ve written to make predictions of what you &apos;re going to say next .
Right now , as you can see , the results are very happy .
You can imagine what this thing would look like five , 10 , 20 years later , and improving our technology skills accordingly .
Step ahead , the MIT Media Lab is working on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if those robots can communicate to the characteristics of a certain species , based on the characteristics of hundreds of thousands of pieces that a human being has made in its own lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous scene , which was the night of the election in 2008 , when the CNN column of a hip-hop player called i.am. on their couch , Anders Cooper .
What if we could use this technology to recover the presence of our loved ones in our rooms that are actually quite similar to the full content that they &apos;ve created in their lives ?
I think this is perfectly possible because the amounts of data that we &apos;re using and the possibilities of technology to understand them , they &apos;re expanding very rapidly .
Now to close , what we all need to think about is : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does that mean for the definition of life and for everything ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work on solar technology .
My company is trying to bring people into the environment , trying to bring attention .
Look carefully at Kurdish .
This is a short video of what we &apos;re doing .
Huhh ! One minute .
Wait for a second until it catches up .
( Laughter ) So basically , we can leave this piece open — I &apos;ll step ahead , I &apos;ll let the video go . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Sun technology ...
Oh , my time is up ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
Right .
Remember what he brought with him .
All the services we use , communication , time , factories , fashion .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more convinced that someday we &apos;ll be going to write books about our times , and then our generation will be remembered as a generation of the Internet that created something universal , something real and right .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems — very serious problems with security and security .
There you go .
Brain A : This is a flexible control .
This is a five-and-a-half inches thick control wearing a Brain A virus . This is the first computer virus .
If you keep procrastinating , the mycorrhiza comes down , it says 0600K KO78RUS . The encoder at the bottom .
as a sign . This is not used in any way .
Learn to understand meaning .
Basically , I went to Google .
But fruit , there was nothing .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are some Russian friends in the lab .
And one of them commissioned that if you end up with RUS , it means Russia . And 78 is the city of Stanford .
Political code : You can find this in certain mobile phones , in cars .
And so on and so forth , I tried to make a connection to State Senator .
And we finally found this WEBP website , which is a Russian guy who worked for a couple of years .
On the Internet , he has his own website , and he has his blog in Live Journal , and on this blog he lives .
Part of his life — he &apos;s about 20 years old , his lunch , his girlfriend — and he has a really nice car .
Actually , this guy is in charge .
Mercedes-Benz , a 65-million-pound movement , more than 400 pounds . At Stanford , for 20 children , this is a family car .
How did I know this machine ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He had been convicted .
It &apos;s in the center of Stanford .
He had broken the car into another car , and he had posted photos of his blog .
This is his Madison — there &apos;s Laden Somalia , who was kidnapped . You can see , the Chief Society of the United States .
It &apos;s 78RUS . If you look at the picture , you &apos;ll see .
I am not a lawyer .
But if I did , here I would say , &quot; &quot; The crime had ruined . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What if the crime had ruined ? In many cases it didn &apos;t go so far .
Even in the case of most of the drugs .
We don &apos;t know where conflicts come from .
Very often , very silent . The police do not work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence . I would like it to be easier .
But unfortunately , it doesn &apos;t .
It changes very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard about Stuxnet .
Stuxnet was doing everything .
This is what it was . It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable logic control , and what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls our environment .
PLC , little boxes , no screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re located , they do their job . For example , the top of this building .
They actually manage one of these . And if Stuxnet is infected , one of them is infected .
Then there &apos;s a global revolution , the risk that we have to worry about , because it &apos;s all about them .
We have a critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory .
Electric , chemical , math industry , you look around you — everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
It depends on these computers .
From work , we &apos;re in exile .
From the Internet , from elementary things like electricity , obviously we depend on computers . And this really creates .
We need something new .
We &apos;ll have another way to keep going , even though computers will disappear . ( Laughter )
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So the idea is that we can work when things aren &apos;t there , when things aren &apos;t there . It &apos;s really incredibly important .
Think about storage , think about what matters . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services that we have .
Think about it if it &apos;s in your head .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason , I look forward to the future of the Internet .
I see , but I fear that we don &apos;t see it . I fear that because of Internet crime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It &apos;s going to take us beyond this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my whole life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that , if we &apos;re not fighting it , we &apos;re in danger of losing everything .
We need more generosity , more global .
We &apos;re going to do a justice job identifying these cybercriminals — these organized groups that are counting millions on constraints — and this is more important than propaganda .
Build software or Internet applications .
It &apos;s about discovering the people in the stands , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are going to be criminals on the street , but they haven &apos;t done anything yet . We need to find smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good purposes . Thank you so much .
( Applause )
First of all , I &apos;d like to introduce you to this idea that it takes you only two minutes to change your body position .
But before I do that , I &apos;d like you to think about your body as well as what you do with your body .
How many of you won &apos;t ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s over . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We &apos;re all attracted to the body language and the character .
We &apos;re interested in , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) the arguments that happen during the intersection — the inflated silences , the world-class appearances , or doing nothing with the naked eye — all the way to a basic handshake .
First of all , this is where they get to the basket .
Even in B.C. and New York Times .
And also , when we think of non-verbal value or gesture , my social psychologists call it non-verbal , we think of language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we think about interaction .
There &apos;s enough to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We can often make good and wrong beliefs .
And they can be systematically meaningful in the most important conditions in life — things like picking up a job or making a leap of time .
Nobel Prize , for instance , who &apos;s researchers at the University of Texas , has found that when people look for 30 seconds at a time of careful focus on the real interaction of a caregiver and a patient , they get distracted by the doctor &apos;s passion for the doctor &apos;s passion , and they don &apos;t .
So they &apos;re supposed to be smart , right ?
It &apos;s all about our thoughts , our emotions and our bodies .
So what kind of conversation do I mean by that ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study biases , and I teach at a high-level business school , and it was inevitable that I would start to get interested in the dynamics of authority .
And I was particularly struck by the non-zero-sum efforts of power and generosity .
How do you think power and authority are the tools to not negotiate that ?
In the animal world , animals are embedded in a physically elevated way .
The animal gets bigger and bigger .
It &apos;s about space .
Jessica Theresa has studied this phenomenon known as pride and discovery .
He &apos;s holding us in our hands , tailoring us , we don &apos;t even want to hurt the person next to us .
This is what a strong and powerful meeting looks like .
When we face a strong and self-confident person , we , independently , fail .
I &apos;m watching my students &apos; movements and I &apos;ve seen that business masters really do .
They go in almost two places .
Whereas others are still staying inside , as soon as the audience comes in , you see that .
I have some notions about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They &apos;re constantly less likely to be considered by men , and that &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
It &apos;s particularly important for a business master , because grades are highly skilled in participation .
Business schools have been struggling to do this for a long time .
I started puzzling , so for example , university adopts these people who participate in class .
Suppose we did .
For example , we hate when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to pay attention to the book , the book is bathed in teeth like this , we get a little more fun .
It works on the side . It works on the side .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is whether we know our consciousness causes us to change the function of the body , but can we change the function of the body ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why are the forces and the sounds different ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are more comfortable , more self-confident and better .
They really think they &apos;re going to come out of window , even when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But it &apos;s also dependent on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a strong conductor , a high level of testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to stressful situations ?
Probably not .
So we have evidence that the body can control consciousness , at least indirectly , and that changes in the behavior can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get a new kind of roll , and what happens if you do it at a minimal level , a very small , subtle change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit or stand .
Here &apos;s the skeletons of the human being .
You fall , you fall .
He &apos;s beating up the balloon .
Here &apos;s what happened . They come in .
So here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here are the results of the testosterone analysis .
It &apos;s only two minutes and it &apos;s already there .
And this is what happened to the Koreans .
It turns out that the language of our bodies depends not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
Also , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
This is how we think we can use when you evaluate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you &apos;re talking to others .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression of a face that &apos;s worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t take it . Maria Laffers is it .
And then the experts looked at the four videos .
They have no idea of the hypothesis or experiment conditions .
The emotions of the fetus were important during that conversation .
It was really just how people presented themselves .
And this has impacted the decision makers .
I give them the pleasure of shape until it &apos;s done .
In response , they said .
You don &apos;t want to be a diplomat , you don &apos;t want to be a diplomat .
When I was 19 , I was on an airplane .
I &apos;d drive out of the car several times .
The artery came from the brain in the repair region .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was exhausted from college , and I was trying to get back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not going to finish college .
I &apos;m self-righteous .
You have to stay and shape so much .
I became what I wanted . I really do . &quot; &quot; So I did . I went to school for five years .
I had no feeling , and he had , and I understood his life .
He can shape before he gets there .
He had changed .
So I want to tell you , don &apos;t wait until you get there .
Save as long as you become it , you want me .
Do that long before it &apos;s part of you .
Lastly , I want to add .
Small changes can occur .
Two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you do it .
Make your strategy higher , lower the cortex .
Let me give you a context that you think your ability has not been shown .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about is actually the world &apos;s biggest problem .
I &apos;m not going to talk about extreme environments , although that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go on , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and glue , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and paper .
Most importantly , there &apos;s a lot of problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from noise .
One billion people have access to clean drinking water .
Two billion people are out of sync .
A few million die of AIDS .
And this display is continuous .
Two billion people are in danger because of climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of problems .
In the perfect world , we &apos;ve solved them all , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and that &apos;s why in the economic sphere , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do them all , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars in the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend it on ?
We &apos;ve discovered the top 10 most important problems in the world , and I &apos;m going to read quickly : climate change , aging disease , conflicts , education , financial instability , government and corruption , loss and charge , population integration , social conditions and water , and subatomic and mortgage .
We think that taxes are the worst problem in the world .
The obvious question that comes out is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
So this was the most important question that was raised in May .
Of course , it &apos;s not true for people to have a central problem .
Because we can &apos;t solve those problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we &apos;re all going to die .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s not about overdetermining the problem , it &apos;s about overdetermining the overall problem .
Then you get , of course , a little more complicated .
Climate change must be solved according to Citizen reporting .
An infectious disease must be solved by the network of hospitals and mosquitos .
Companies with U.N. empowered and so on .
I want to ask you to try this in 30 seconds — I know this is an incredible privilege to write what you think about the major superpowers .
And also — here &apos;s the economic inequity on the slide — notice that things we shouldn &apos;t do first .
What should it be at the end of the show ?
Please , 30 seconds , have a conversation with your neighbors , and just mention that there should be some greatest solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , some that are a little bit more generous .
The amazing part of this process , and of course I mean , I &apos;d really like — I &apos;m given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big deal of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to go on and help you think about it , and that &apos;s actually what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;ll have these discussions later , asking you to think , how do we actually define borders ?
Of course , you should ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been edited ?
And one reason is that borders are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would like to be the first of its kind .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are many more symptoms that don &apos;t show for the first time , it &apos;s perfectly clear that we don &apos;t want to do this kind of show .
It &apos;s about 60 years of what we have in the U.N. , but we &apos;ve never built a foundation of all the important things we can do in the world and decide which way to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have a dominance — any kind of dominance , and of course we &apos;re still changing the progress from a second to a second , but in an innocent way , it would be harder than that if we actually made a decision about dominance and followed it and talked about it .
So I suggest that we really , for a long time , have had a lot of choice .
We could do lots and lots of stuff , but we didn &apos;t know the wine , we didn &apos;t know how much .
We had no idea .
Imagine you &apos;re going to a restaurant and you &apos;re given a big list , but you don &apos;t know anything about grass .
For example , you check the box , but you don &apos;t know what it &apos;s going to go .
It can cost a dollar or a thousand dollars .
It can be a family treatment . It can be a very small treatment , right ?
You would like to know it .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copernican Convention is trying to do — trying to figure out the gender of these problems .
And the main piece of the Copenhagen was like this .
We &apos;ve got 30 of the best economists in the world , three people in every field .
So three of the most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it cost ? And what would it take ?
Like with infectious diseases .
Three key scientists around the world are told what we can do ?
What would that look like ?
What are we going to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most popular economists , eight of the world &apos;s top economists , including three Nobel Laureates , met in Copenhagen in May of 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; The Cambridge University mighty decided to call them Rel Masjid .
This works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And what they did was , in fact , a set of superpowers .
You might ask , why are economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad that you asked this question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , you might ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask the airborne .
But if you want to know which of these two first battles , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because that &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
They appreciate it .
They do a quick job of telling us what to do next .
So here &apos;s the exhibition that I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;re going to talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a list of things that said there were bad programs , meaning programs where you had a dollar investment that led to fewer income .
There are average , good and very good programs .
And of course , we need to start right here by doing really good projects .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad projects .
As you can see at the very bottom , climate change .
A lot of people will disappoint this , and this is probably one of the things people will say I can &apos;t come back to this later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about that because it &apos;s too interesting .
Why did it happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to go back to that question because that &apos;s one of the issues where we have the disagreement with the exhibitions you paid .
Why is it that doing something more than Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad preview , just because it &apos;s inefficient ?
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no globalization .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem isn &apos;t a big deal .
The only thing we can do on this is very little and very expensive .
They &apos;re basically showing us the average economic model , which is the Cityoto Project , if everybody agrees to do it , takes 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It goes from two to three times the most sophisticated methods in the developing world to the developing world .
However , it will do very little .
Contrary to all models , it will only follow 2,100 global warming in only six years .
That is , a guy in Bangladesh , who stands at risk of 2100 , can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but it &apos;s not much better .
And we can say , here we are spending a lot of money to get some outcome .
As a comparison , the U.N. actually estimated that by half of this money , about 75 billion dollars a year , you could solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can make sure that everyone in the world has access to clean drinking water , basic health care and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend twice as much money and do something very bad ?
Or performing an incredibly good half-year job .
And that &apos;s why this has become a bad project .
This doesn &apos;t mean that , if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
Which means that , if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our first problem .
The only things that you have meant that I &apos;m not going to counter — things like infectious diseases , basic health services — are willing to get a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , healthcare is very important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very expensive .
Again , it brings us all of a sudden to the side of the equation .
If you look at the best projects , there &apos;s a lot of scenario and water going on .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they require a lot of infrastructure .
So I want to show you the four generations that are going to need to solve the world &apos;s problems in the first generations of projects .
The fourth best program is for malaria .
A few million people are infected with malaria .
Loss can even make a percentage of countries at risk .
If we invest 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can increase that by half .
We can prevent over 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can prevent the risks of one billion people a year .
We significantly increase their opportunities to solve lots of other problems that need to be solved , and of course in the long term , the global warming problem .
The third leadership is freedom .
A common model , if we can get to the top and specifically reduce the subsidy in the United States and in America , we can give a new kind of global economy of about 2400 billion dollars a year — a half of that would be headed to the rest of the world .
Again , we can say that we can actually eliminate two to three hundred million people from poverty fairly fast , over two to five years .
This would be the third great thing we could do .
The second good thing will be to focus on the issue of dominance .
Not only is there a general problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive tools for solving the food problem , particularly with the lack of microbes .
About half the world &apos;s population are suffering from nitrogen , silicon , DNA and vitamin A .
If we invest 12 billion dollars , we can solve the problem clearly .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best program will be to solve HIV / AIDS .
If we invest 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can avoid 28 million new cases .
Again , how to do that and what we need to focus on is two different directions to fight HIV / AIDS .
First is treatment , second is aging .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we don &apos;t do anything , or we don &apos;t do a good job , we should ask where we put our first forward .
And treatment is far too expensive than predicting .
So this basically shows that we can do much more by investing in designing for prototypes .
With the money we spend , we can do a good thing with X , healing and 10 times better .
And again , we &apos;re going to focus on prevention rather than treatment .
It really makes us think about our superpowers .
I want you to look at your aspirations and say , did you make it right ?
Or have you come up with the desire that I just showed you ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is a problem primarily .
We need to work on climate change , obviously , because this is a big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are a lot of other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that , if we have to focus on some of the problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
The problems where we can make a difference , not just a little .
And I think — Thomas Schelling , one of our dreams team , is doing a very good job of shaping ...
People forget that in 100 years , while we &apos;re talking about climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most logical predictions in the U.N.
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even two to four times as rich as we are .
And of course , we will be much richer then .
But what I &apos;m saying is that when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or helping 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of money to a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
Do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now that we really need help and we can help with very little ?
Or , as Shelley said , imagine you &apos;re rich enough to have a surprise , say a rich Chinese , or a rich Chinese , or a Congolese , 2100 people , and you think about it in 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; How odd is it is that they &apos;re so nervous to help me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;re not quite careful about my grandfather or a Japanese ,
It doesn &apos;t even apply to our normal perceptions of problems .
Of course , overall , because climate change is so good .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Winter . &quot; &quot; Isn &apos;t that wonderful ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I absolutely want to see it , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory to pick the Brad Pitt for his next movie to attempt a swimming pool in Tanzania or something . ( Laughter ) That &apos;s not so much a movie .
So in many ways , I think the Copenhagen convention and the whole discussion of farming are facing tactical problems .
So we can recognize that this is not about feeling good .
And not just to make the guns that are in the media &apos;s attention , but to create the foundation for making better action .
The next thing that I think is really important , I think , is that I &apos;m somewhere or we &apos;re going to make a no-go choice .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
In 1970 , the developed countries decided that we should spend two times more today on developing countries than we did in 1970 .
Since that time , our help has been increasing dramatically since .
In fact , it &apos;s not so much like we &apos;re on our way to solving all big problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things in the world ?
That &apos;s what I &apos;m saying .
If any of you could tell Bach about this , it would be very good .
But the basic idea is that , if you have 100 billion dollars , we want to spend the best money , right ?
The real question is , go back and think about the best of generations .
I &apos;ll just mention briefly : do we really have the right sample ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you will ultimately end up with an elderly , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have brilliant ideas about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
Only two conditions : they have to learn English at university .
Most of them were , first of all , in the developing world .
They had the same materials , but they could walk out of the suitcase properly , and they did so , and they offered their own profiles .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibitions were the same : problems of obesity and disease , and climate change ultimately .
We did it over and over again .
A lot of other symptoms came in and a lot of students came in .
They basically meet the same thing .
And that made me really excited , really , and I can say that I believe we need to go some way to think about transcendence , and to say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I look at Copenhagen as a process .
We did that in 2004 , and we hope to raise more people and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
Build the right way for the world , and also start thinking about political heroes .
We start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do a work that gives us no results , not things we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do strong projects where we can achieve very little good results with very little cost , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you may not agree with how we define these terms , but we have to be free to say that if there are things that we do and not do things that we don
If we worry too much about some things , we start worrying about other things .
I hope that this will help us better define the terms and think about how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I studied at university , and my friend and I traveled with Prussia , from Red Eland to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young , we were busy , so we picked a road that went between the local wardens and the national departments — in a very short way , we voted the length of the road .
Somewhere in South Dakota , I turn to my friend and ask a question that drove me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that Chinese hero mean that I see along the way ? &quot;
A friend of mine looks at me deeply .
The dancer in the first place finally personalizes that appearance .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m like , &quot; &quot; You know , all the cues that we see that the Chinese character on them is a Chinese character . &quot; &quot; And she keeps staring at me for a couple of seconds , and then she starts laughing , because she understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And that &apos;s what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) There you go , the famous Chinese character , the pianist . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the last five years of my life thinking about conditions that look very similar to this : why do we sometimes misunderstand the signals that surround us and how do we do when it happens and what it says about our human nature ?
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent my past five years thinking about being wrong .
Now you may be surprised that I &apos;m on this path of career like this , but I actually have a huge advantage : the lack of competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything to avoid thinking about being wrong , or at least avoid thinking we &apos;re wrong .
Theoretically , we understand that very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human form , generally , is wrong ; it &apos;s normal .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , right now , that are theoretically wrong suddenly , and I can &apos;t even imagine what I &apos;m wrong with .
And here &apos;s the problem : we all live today .
We go to meetings today , we negotiate today , we vote today .
In fact , we all live our lives closed inside a small bubble of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us , as an individual , in our private and professional lives , as well as for all of us , coming together as a society .
So today I want to talk to you about , first of all , why we are stuck in this self-righteous consensus .
And then why is that the problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to overcome that feeling , and if you can do that , it &apos;s going to be the most wondrous , moral , intellectual and creative act you can do .
Why are we embedded in our own sense of ownership ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Crazy , bad .
Seriously . Okay , great .
Terrifying , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re one of the other questions .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The notion that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel everything and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , it could be discovery , it could be really fun , like my stupid mistake on the Chinese hero .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the Loony Tunes cartoon where a small-scale version always follows , but can never reach a rock .
In almost every part of the movie , there &apos;s a moment when the baton flies by , and the bird rolls down the hill , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the miracle is behind him .
And this is what &apos;s funny , especially when you &apos;re six , the bill doesn &apos;t have a problem .
She &apos;s still running , until she looks down and realizes she &apos;s in the air .
At that point , he &apos;s going to land .
When we &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t understood it yet , we &apos;re kind of like this jacket when he &apos;s running through the air , but he &apos;s not looking down .
We &apos;re wrong , we already have a problem , but we feel like everything &apos;s fine .
But I have to actually go a little further .
Being wrong is like being right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , structural reasons , that makes us lie stuck in a consensus of our own right .
I call it false vacation .
In most cases , we don &apos;t have any internal signal to tell us we &apos;re wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s a second reason that keeps us sane and keep us sane and related to our culture .
Remember your school years .
You sit in a classroom , and your teacher splits the bills , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a straw , by the way .
( Laughter ) And there you are in school , and you know definitely what you would think of the child who wrote that survey job .
He &apos;s stupid , he makes mistakes , he never does his homework .
And so by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that errors are the stupidity of the unresponsible , and the second is that the virtue of making life success is still greatly wrong .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad class .
And many of us , and I suspect many of us , especially in this room , are battling the idea that we should be the perfect teacher , professor , heroic .
I always say , pop ! CEO , astrophysical , marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , all of you are leaders , strategists and actors of the moral compass .
Very good .
But then we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just pretend we &apos;re right , because that means we &apos;re intelligent , responsible , generous and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
This is Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He gets annoyed , the operator does his job , puts his paintings on , and he sends the patient to his room to cleaning .
Everything seems fine .
And the woman stands up and looks at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is my body getting in trouble ? &quot; &quot; And the reason she &apos;s getting it is because the surgeon has surgered her left arm , instead of her right arm .
When the hospital psychiatrist gave a speech about randomness , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon was sure he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side of something might be very dangerous .
The deep belief that we all have frequently is not that trustworthy advice for what &apos;s going on in the world .
But we do the opposite , and we unlock the opportunity that we can fail , and then we do things like , for example , the cost of Mexico over 750 million clean oil or deforestation of the global economy .
So this is a huge operational problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what justice means all the time .
That means that your beliefs are fully out of sync .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out , many of us explain it in the same way , by making a bunch of hypothetical hypotheses .
First of all , when someone says they disagree , we just assume they &apos;re innocent .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he will see the truth and join the number of our partners .
When it doesn &apos;t , when it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they have different beliefs , we make our second assumption , that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have the full picture in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right decision .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we make our third guess — they know the truth , and they fix it carefully for their inappropriate purposes .
So this is terrible .
To be true is to prevent us from falling prey when it &apos;s necessary for us , causing us to act horribly against each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and universal thing is that it unites the whole notion of being human .
It &apos;s as if we want to imagine our brain is like a cross window , and we look out that window and we describe life .
We want everyone to look outside the window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you do , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not so great that you can see the world as it is .
You see the world in a particular way .
We can think of the past , and we can think of the future , and we can imagine ourselves of another person in another place .
And we all do it differently , and that &apos;s why we can all look at the same night sky and see this , and also this and this .
And yeah , for that reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes said his famous words , &quot; &quot; I think , therefore I exist . &quot; &quot; Susan Austin , thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I exist . &quot;
Austin realized that our ability to make mistakes in the human system is not something that we can destroy or win .
It fundamentally describes us as humans .
Because , unlike God , we don &apos;t know what actually happens .
And unlike all other creatures , we &apos;re widely trying to find the answer .
I think the quest for this planet is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reasons , I heard a lot of times the phone call &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; .
I heard and heard , and at some point , I thought all the stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman with mistakes .
I see mistakes everywhere , &quot; &quot; which is true .
But a few months later , I had the privilege of interviewing Ira Glass , who does that communication .
I suggested this to him , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we personally realize that every aspect of our communication has the same structures .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this must happen , but it does happen instead . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is there , &quot; &quot; Arah Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need this .
We need those moments , the surprise and the discovery and the mistake to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , our leaders and the readers , they give those stories away .
We love unexpected medical changes , frustrating circumstances and horrible climates .
When it comes to stories , we like to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our life is .
We think something will happen , but something else will happen instead .
George Bush thought he would get in Iraq , find a massive destruction , liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened instead .
And Hosni Mubarak thought that the violent upheaval would be in his whole life while he or she would have grown older or diseased and transported the power of his son .
But something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you &apos;d grow up and marry your girlfriend at school , and put kids together .
But something else happened instead .
And I must tell you , I was thinking I was writing a very disturbing book about something that everybody was asking for a small group of people to never be organized .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a life .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s a good thing or a bad thing , but we create all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world surprised us .
Don &apos;t be fooled , but this conference is an incredible summary of our ability to be fooled .
We spend a week talking about innovation and improvement , but you know why we need all these innovation and improvement ?
Because half of all , all those great things to change the world , TED 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t really work the way they thought . ( Laughter )
What is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
There &apos;s another operation .
The subject of this conference , as you &apos;ve heard thousands of times , is a relation of magic .
I think , if you really want to discover the miracle , you need to go out of this little space of your own statement , look at each other , look at the infinite of the universe , complexity and coherence , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Ah , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990 , a man named El-Said Nosee came up with a video in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mae Khan , the Chief of Liberia .
Noise was once thought to be nearly innocent for this murder , but at the same time , with a small truck , he and other people started planning taboos in dozens of places in New York City including kidnappers , synagogues and NGOs .
Thankfully , those plans were flooded by an HFO .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the World Trade Center bombing didn &apos;t go away .
Narrator was ultimately sentenced to intervention in the medicine .
El-Said Nosee is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , in Pittsburgh in 1983 — Egyptian engineers , and American mothers and teachers , who were together trying to make a happy childhood .
It started when I was seven years old , our family changed dramatically .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which many of the Muslims have seen .
It &apos;s my experience that when people interact with them , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases , we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you find very few people who are so hyper-partisan about their religion , and they think they need to use all the tools to get others to live like themselves .
A few months before he got there , he sat me down and explained to me that on the previous Sunday afternoon , he and his friends went to London to do a little rehearsal .
He told me that the next morning I was with them .
We &apos;ve reached a tipping point in Cleveland , without our group knowing it , was controlled by HFL .
When my train came , my father helped me keep the train and explained to me how to go to the bathroom for over 30 nerves .
That day , the last afternoon that I clicked on , hit a little light on the top of the camera , and , lo and behold , most of us , especially myself , the entire orchestra broke .
My brother looked at another man , and he said in Arabic , &quot; &quot; My God will not touch you . &quot; &quot; As a father , as a son .
They all laughed at that comment a little bit , but after a couple of years , I totally understood what they thought they were so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had embraced .
These men , in the end , were going to launch 1,500 pounds of pedestrian tablets to put a minibus on the World Trade Center subway stations at the North Tower , where six people died and killed about 1,000 .
These were the people I tracked .
These were the people I called &quot; &quot; mouse , &quot; &quot; meaning obedience .
By the time I was 19 , I had already moved 20 times in my life , and that tension in my childhood didn &apos;t allow me to get many friends .
Every time I started to feel good for someone , it was time to get together and move the city .
As a new face of the classroom , I was always attracted to handle .
I would hide my identity to the classmates so that I wouldn &apos;t be a doctor , but it turns out that being a tactic new kid was just enough warriors in the classroom .
So most of the time I spent my time at home reading books and watching TV or video games .
Because of that , I had a deep social skill set , and growing up in a planet &apos;s family , I was not prepared for real life .
I &apos;ve been trained to judge people by low mortgages such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my life , asking this question , was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
I was able to participate in the National Young Convention in College .
My group was focused on youthful violence , and spending a lot of my life as a joke — this was the subject that I was most interested in .
The members of our group were shaped by various aspects of life .
At the end of one day , I found out that one of the kids I was with was Jewish .
It took several days before that fact came out , and I realized that there was no natural disconnect between us .
I &apos;d never had a Jewish friend before , and honestly , I felt the proudness that I could win the chair that I had believed in almost all my life was impossible .
Another quick survey came when I found a match on the bug in Bug Gorges .
There , I was faced with people of different faith and culture , and that experience became a window into the development of my identity .
I was taught that comparison is a man , and more generally , all drugs had a negative impact .
This led me to work with drug dealers during the market , and soon I found that many of them are the worst , the least critical people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a handcuffed child , I have made compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to treat other people in a different way than I would like them to treat me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to confront all the stereotypes that I was taught as a child with real-life experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be an orphan , but I am known for something beyond my own power .
And then there was &quot; &quot; Hunger Winter . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart forced me to be quite honest with myself about my multiculturalism , and he helped me understand that the human race , religion or sexuality , has nothing to do with the quality of human nature .
He was the model for me too long when I needed it .
Inspiration can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that a hostile comic strike has a greater positive impact on my world than my own grandfather , which he never lost on .
One day , I was having a conversation with my mother about global change , and she said something that I will keep in my heart forever until I live .
He looked me in the eyes of an evil man with enough depression to live his whole life , and he said , &quot; Yes . &quot;
At that moment , I realized how much energy it takes to keep all that vacation going .
Anger Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to leave the family behind and start a new life .
So why do I put this up and put me in a potential danger ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do this in the hope that maybe somebody who &apos;s reluctant to use violence will hear my story and realize that there is a better way , even though I was subject to that violence , the inevitable ideology , but I didn &apos;t become a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , against globalization .
I do that for the warriors of terrorism and their loved ones , for terrible pain and loss , which led terror in their lives .
For those of you who are attracted , I &apos;m going to talk to you about this non-verbal act , and I &apos;m going to judge my dad &apos;s actions .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not special in any religion or race , and that it does not have to follow father &apos;s steps .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause )
Place is what they learn .
The Yemen is important to me .
I want to know those people who are behind my lunch choice .
I want to know how I affect them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re losing .
I want to know how they &apos;re hoping to use water to prepare themselves .
All of this understanding allows us to shift our understanding of shifts from consumer goods to our ecosystem in ways that allow us to rebuild our ecosystem .
It allows us to satisfy the mystery that we enjoy .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it restorative veins .
If sustainability is the ability to recognize and maintain , then repairability is the ability to repair and develop .
Fetal origins offer an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system to take our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can invest in ocean exploration and encourage its responsibility .
It &apos;s a more humane , more effective way to understand our environment .
Drug addiction , which is a standard method for most people in the world , is very common , they &apos;re accurate tools .
Green , yellow and red , for different forms of maids .
Communication is easy , buy your bicycle , stay in bed , think again before you go to the drugs .
But I don &apos;t think we &apos;re eating enough vegetables right now .
We can &apos;t make it happen , continuously , if we measure its success in terms of changing species &apos; density , including in yellow and blue .
But what if we just ate insects ?
This is a cardboard box made of cast iron , kind of a dangerous thin film .
A card with a black card and a black card .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s good for local economies .
But that &apos;s the elephant , the main observer .
What &apos;s the subject of this ?
Do I belong to a 450 pound machine ?
Do I do that three times a week ?
Maybe I want green , but I don &apos;t , you and I don &apos;t , and I don &apos;t make the ocean good .
My argument is that we should have a spectrum , a marginalization of what we do .
For example , I &apos;ve heard that the red wine is very healthy , and the antioxidants and the minerals are very healthy in the heart .
Amazing . I love the red wine .
I &apos;m going to breathe so much , I &apos;m going to be so healthy .
Okay , how many clicks do you tell me I have a problem ?
We have a white problem , my friends .
We &apos;ve lost the sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we &apos;re paying for it .
The question is , we conceive of that value under the algae .
We hide that value under the awareness of the mystery .
And we hide that value under the income of vitro .
So the bottom line is that it matters what we need .
The most sustainable newspaper could be represented not by Joey , not by Philippines or by Google snacks , but by Hollywood Greene Greene .
A cell : They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Okay , so I &apos;m going to say that Brooklyn can be a new blue .
We need to keep eating the best meals if we &apos;re over-eating .
But we have to eat it with lots of vegetables .
The best part of the surprise is that it comes in half a towel , a bunch of towels and cocktails .
It &apos;s buried with 142 pounds of Philadelphia with Dijon babies and crème fraiche and the hippocampus is filled with cold , soft , crispy , crispy broccoli with a little bit of coal and a little bit of coal and cuddle , with a little bit of Egyptian valley .
Huhh !
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And the great thing is that all those components are available for all the families in Wallmart .
Jamii Oliver is struggling to save America since we are eating .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save the oceans from the way we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Forget about civilian suffering . We need to fear bullshit .
We destroyed the Earth and then started utilizing the food we &apos;ve created by challenging our lives .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations about food .
Poverty is a complex thing , but sleep is the reality that we all very well understand .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been a lot of movement recently to stop our food system .
Dan Barbara and Alice Walter are the leading revolution in green food revolution .
But green food always assumes a shape that anxieties the sense of responsibility for food .
Just because it &apos;s produced from a green source doesn &apos;t mean that we have to be careful with it in our pockets .
There &apos;s a little hole in the environment .
We can build them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a peanut butter designed to eat a pristine environment .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important in restorative food .
Before we lower emissions , media is going to promote more drug use .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American grandmothers , grandmothers and fathers can give birth to one more birth if we include more .
It &apos;s a gift that I don &apos;t want to give up .
But it &apos;s not just about profit .
It &apos;s about how we look at our peers .
As a quick cooker , I realize that the easiest thing for me is to minimize the amounts of corn .
One thing will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People will start buying tickets and shops because they knew they were not going to cry .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even less white .
They got more calories because of diarrhea .
They got healthier . I earned more .
Perfect .
The environmental approach was delivered on every scale , but it was delivered at the same time in the context of the human window .
The other thing that we did was we started multiplying various forms of display — small flavors of alphabet , anarchy , algebra , gray matter .
The bridge , the media , the police , the bribes , the Taliban , were all kind of shared .
We &apos;re adding weights to more flexible , more powerful , more rewarding differences .
That &apos;s what we need to estimate .
That &apos;s what the green will say .
But this is also how we can restore our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big sneakers , those model things , the tuna in the green that I talked about earlier .
Well , if I should , I have a poster for you .
It &apos;s very common with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start with the size of a 450 gram fish .
Take the arrow . Close the fish in four .
Put them in four dimensions .
Take those four hats out of the marshmallow , and then open up the best building you have in Boglondey , take the ants and drink them .
Think about the opportunity to eat this .
Please invite your friends and neighbors and give them a year , maybe once a year .
I have a lot of food stamps .
I expect health and happiness and family and community .
I think manufacturing and food production are part of human interest in producing ingredients .
I was fortunate enough to be a great cook .
And I was taught very early in life the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They were installed in white formation , and they were topped with a lot of minerals and a little bit of oxygen , usually with brick .
Until today , I tend to eat just like this .
I get sick when I go to a meat restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a cloud of protein .
Amazing .
But the scariest news you &apos;ll ever hear about the ocean , and I was struck to tell you that the heavy burden of saying it was probably the worst thing , all this time that your mother was right .
Three fires together .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
Instead , what I &apos;m looking for is useful components for my body .
Thankfully , I &apos;m looking for short , silly things that I don &apos;t think are slower .
For my family , I &apos;m looking for compounds that come from my personal history .
And for the community , we start with the beginning .
It &apos;s not possible to lose that idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn the most about what that effect is and then take the first step back to cut it .
We &apos;ve seen our blue planet , our global bank .
But more than our resource constraints , it &apos;s also the global geography of the community that we call process .
So if we all just take what we need , we &apos;re going to share the rest , we &apos;re going to start dancing , we &apos;re going to fix it .
We need to eat bananas .
We need to eat small porridge meals .
And we have to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how I became part of the HIV / AIDS campaign .
Here &apos;s my name of the conductor , Singer .
In November , 2003 , I was invited to participate in a 4664 sponsor of Nelson Mandela — the founder of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that was carried in Mandela when he was arrested in Robbie .
Here I am with Jesus Bush , one of the most wonderful moments of my life .
The next day , all the artists were invited by Robbie to come to the Middle East , where he was going to compute in front of the global command , standing beside his former prison camp .
And you see the window here .
This was a huge event for all of us .
And it was at that time that Mandela spoke to the world that there was a real disconnect happening in his country , that there were thousands of people dying every day in this democracy and that there were more vulnerable groups of women and children .
This influenced my thinking because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the HIV / AIDS epidemic is exactly this .
So I went out of South Africa when I left Cambridge , and I said to myself , &quot; &quot; I have to talk about this .
I need you to serve for my purpose . &quot; &quot; And so I went ahead with every organized 4664 that I could be presented with , and I looked at Mayan tulips , the interviews — the ones I was most likely to use as a musician , to stand with all my passion for Mandela and to stand with his passion for action .
Everybody in the world respects Nelson Mandela , everyone in the world , and Nelson Mandela .
But does anyone know what &apos;s happening in South Africa in their country — a country that has the highest rates of HIV / AIDS transmission ?
I think if I take out the money now and tell people what happened there , they &apos;ll just go bump .
I was very , very fortunate , two years later , to meet Kazakhstan , who is the founder of the Treatment Action Campaign , an incredible part of the campaign and an activist .
I met him at one of the 46664 .
She was wearing this kind of sports suit that I am now wearing .
It &apos;s already a tool . It tells you that I am in conflict with people who are HIV positive ; people who live with HIV .
And so because this little fellow is kind of the mystery box , and I &apos;m wearing it , I &apos;m saying , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It shouldn &apos;t take away . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this nice company .
This is a campaign designed by ordinary people , including 80 percent of the participants are women , most of whom are HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They &apos;re giving huge amounts of help to the people who live in prison .
They have education programs .
They are answering questions associated with the noise of vulnerability .
And the thing is , it &apos;s pretty awkward .
And yes , my Singer counselor backs the Treatment Action Campaign through which I tried to raise the level of well-being of HIV / AIDS and raise money recently .
Most of the funding that I got was actually moved to the Treatment Action Campaign to get involved in the incredible work that they &apos;re doing and they &apos;re still doing in South Africa .
So this is my Singer campaign .
In the Sing campaign , I &apos;m basically three or four wonderful people helping and supporting me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years — I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am in Oklahoma , Norway , getting a big money , and here I am singing in Congo , trying to get people to donate money .
In Yugosburg , I had the opportunity to play basically a white , average South African audience who finally started disappointing , because I use a silent movie that really attracts the heart of this terrible tragedy and its whole thing that &apos;s going on — people are inclined to avoid , because they &apos;re excited and they don &apos;t really know what these problems are .
Aaron Molloyd , the healthcare center of the day , was also in this system , and I was able to meet him , and she was instantly comfortable with reforms in that area that are so essential .
And this is in Scotland .
And then I became the IMF official in Scotland .
I showed them my experience , and I was again trying to raise the level of awareness of HIV .
And there she is in Edinburgh with the kids of the great African Mickey Club that I just kept on going .
And just like these children , they are when , because their parents were diagnosed with HIV .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Michael Sidweden , who &apos;s the head of UNAIDS .
And to me , the great honor was Michel invited me just a few months ago to be the victim of the War on HIV in UNAIDS .
That &apos;s how I encourage my speech to amplify my lighting environment .
The lesson that I &apos;m currently trying to make UNAIDS heard about is that we want to actually eliminate HIV / AIDS from a mother to 2015 .
This is a fairly common goal , but we believe it can be done with support of political leaders .
It &apos;s possible .
And here I am with a woman who is somewhere in the middle of AIDS , and we drink , and we both hate , because we &apos;re very confident , because we know that this young woman is getting treated and therefore her life can be eradicated so that she can take care of the child that she &apos;s going to bring the light bulb into the world .
And her baby will get HIV by preventing a baby transmitter , which means that a baby can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prevention of a virus at the very beginning of life .
This is how we have to live with HIV .
Now I just want to end by telling you a little story about Avalley .
Here it is : Avellin is with me everywhere I go .
I tell his story to everyone , because he is one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have been exposed to AIDS .
Avalley &apos;s mother was HIV-positive ; she died of AIDS .
Avelley was also infected ; she was born with this virus .
In this picture , she &apos;s seven years old , not more than a single child .
In that part of her life , she was diagnosed with anti-HIV , and she was suffering from tuberculosis .
We met her in one of the hospitals in eastern Kathmandu , and we spent a full afternoon — just a wonderful baby .
And doctors and nurses were just missing .
They built a special food restaurant for the girl that they followed and nurtured her beautifully .
And we didn &apos;t know if he was going to win the hospital — because we did his story — if he would win this .
So obviously it was a very emotional meeting , which got us to memorialize , this baby , you know , her story .
Five months later , we went back to South Africa to meet Avalley again .
I &apos;m hiding . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve collapsed because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scaling of adults is actually for doctors and nurses who have been inspired for Algeria .
Suppose you have this transition .
So I want to challenge each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have access to food and effective health care , and you believe in the United States States developing countries — especially the fifth and sixth-graders — what all governments in the world need to do is say goodbye , goodbye , goodbye .
I think I would be right if I told you that almost all of the people in this room are still standing .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light . Passion is a wonderful way to move beyond reality , and it allows us today to do everything that science can do tomorrow .
As a peasant , I assemble the elements of curiosity and science in order for you to feel for yourself the use of technologies of the future .
You &apos;ve all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s new technology . You take the street , and the world you &apos;ve seen is increasing information — names , priests , buildings — and maybe one day even the names of the streets you &apos;ve just seen .
This is my mental illness .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s a bit bigger .
When you look through the roof , you &apos;re transmitting the brain of a quadriplegic .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need toys . We need toys . We need toys .
Like this : Let &apos;s say the next time we see this .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in cards , in the middle section somewhere and start .
( Music ) Voice : The line is ready . The line is extended .
Marco Tempest : For those of you who are not on paper , it &apos;s filled with four different notes : love , green , gold and gold .
Girls are one of the biggest producers of all time .
Now , some people think that four marks represent four marks a year .
Here it is : the grass , the grass , and — Voice : My favorite line is grass . MT : Yes , it is .
It &apos;s like magic . It &apos;s like heat sinks when heat turns into ice , water is like blood , and then everything disappears .
Each marker has 13 cards . ( Music ) Voice : Each card represents 13 volumes of light .
MT : That &apos;s the information there , the evolution and the light in the middle .
Voice : The sun is one of the most powerful adventures in the world .
MT : There are two colors in the cards .
Here &apos;s the shade and the sun curating at night and a nearby heat mat .
Voice : Mark , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MT : And what &apos;s the advice that the toy has 52 cards , as it &apos;s 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Voice : If you pay all the bills , you get 365 .
MA : Oh , 365 , the number of days a year , the number of days between the ages of birth .
Keep dreaming . ( Claps ) Voice : No way , no way .
MT : By the way , it was my birthday &apos;s sixth birthday that I received my first birthday , and I &apos;ve traveled all over the world since then , bringing happiness to men and girls , men and women , their husbands and even to their babies . ( Applause ) SW : And who are these ? MM : Yeah , these are the messages she made .
Sorry .
Jack : Hey . MT : Are you ready to talk about you ?
Jack : I &apos;m ready . MT : Let &apos;s see what you have .
Joctor : I &apos;m wearing my ankle .
MT : Go away . Jack : Hey , ha , ha ! ( Music ) MM : But today I present another audience .
I &apos;m here to organize for you .
Voice : Suddenly the toy is discovered . MT : Sometimes people ask , how can we grow ? Does it have to work between nine and five ?
Of course not . It &apos;s 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean a word for 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a bit extreme , but of course this is all working . Some people will say it &apos;s the work of superficial non-force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just say no , no .
Right , in Germany it &apos;s going to be &quot; &quot; no , no . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Practice is not very intellectual , although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , which is how you divide your cards by using money .
( Music ) Voice : Why not ? It &apos;s a good choice .
It &apos;s probably one in 45 to one .
MT : Yeah , but I think my cards are better . Maybe we &apos;ll win .
Voice : I think your birthday dream came true . MT : So I get to the last and most important part of the puzzle : namely the city .
Unlike everything we saw , it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s virtual or not . Voice : Maps are found .
TM : That &apos;s true , no doubt .
MT : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I &apos;ve learned a few things in my 30-year career .
This is part of the daily illumination challenge .
I was never that high .
It &apos;s terrible .
They &apos;re actually quite fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My expectations were big , and I was thrilled to find students — the lives of passion for the elite , the youth and the road .
When I was growing up , I was actually very uncomfortable , I was very insecure and I was totally freaked out by the fear of people , of the future , of failure and the judgment that I felt in me .
I , at the end of the semester , was walking around , singing my thoughts , playing with my skirt in exactly the same way that I had before , when suddenly I heard a voice that said , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , nobody was there , but the simplicity of observation and determination was there .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I heard that sound .
And it went on for days and weeks , and then with a third face , reconstructing everything I was doing .
&quot; He goes to class . &quot;
It wasn &apos;t whether or not it was different or not , and even after a while , oddly enough and hopefully , although I noticed that the intensity of the sound changed , and it was occasionally evoking my own unspoken feelings .
So for instance , if I was exposed and had to hide what I was doing frequently , covering my emotions , then the sound would go away .
A little bit of analysis started : the assumption that normal people don &apos;t hear voices and the fact that I was sure that it wasn &apos;t .
I told the doctor at the university at the beginning .
And quite frankly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling her about my bizarre comment .
For example , I was a student who was interviewing news at the university , and a psychiatrist , a long time later , said , &quot; &quot; Hey , Dr. , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow fast .
I started with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and the worst part was that I was diagnosed with a huge amount of hopelessness and awkwardness in terms of myself and my images .
But being committed to perceiving that voice as not as an experience , but as a sympathy , fear is more robust .
At the time , this was actually introduced to me in a socially relevant way in my own mind — a kind of spiritual political fight — and this led to a lot of the sounds that were going to be dominant and consuming .
Do you see any water ?
In fact , there was a divisive cycle of fear , shame , uncertainty and incomprehension , and it was a struggle in which I felt helpless and impossible to achieve extent peace and kindness .
Two years later , the retirement was legal .
Until now , I had the repertoire of the whole thing — terrible sounds , bizarre , convoluted movies .
Now , looking back at those years of confusion and hopelessness , it seems to me that somebody had died at the time while someone else was saving .
A broken and disconnected person began this journey , but the person who had come would have been saved and ended up becoming the person I was fortunate to be .
A lot of people have ordered me in my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories are poor and quiet compared to the memories that I used to help .
I know Erik is going to win his illness .
You know , sometimes the mother puts the snow away , but the summer is over . &quot; &quot; Twelve minutes is not enough to count all the nice and arbitrary people who fought me and who expected me to come back from that mess , just from the place .
It was very hard to believe in it at first , because the sounds were so tempting and consuming , so the first important step in this way was to learn metaphorical meaning , which I used to think of as a verbal truth .
The sounds that were killing me at home , for example , I learned to neglect my own notion of fear and insecurity as a real threat .
At first , I believed it .
I remember , for instance , sitting next to my parents &apos; room one night , to protect them against the sounds that I really thought were going to be .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment : &quot; &quot; Do not do .
Do you know I have plastic ice ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By measuring this , I recently assembled the benefits of my stored self , with a voice that was expressed by every word , I was systematically freaking out of every medicine , again , from a different perspective .
I &apos;m now very proud of Indra , a member of the international organizational hearing aids as part of the organizational bodies of the audience — a prophecy that came up with his idea from Professor Mary Rome and Dr. Sunni Eisner , who perceives the vision of hearing aids as survival strategy , as well as intelligent reconciliation , as opposed to the promise of symph@@
This kind of society isn &apos;t just possible ; it &apos;s the way it evolves .
In other words , social change happens .
You can &apos;t pretend to be a proud person .
You cannot deny the people who are no longer afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the movement of people listening to sounds has created the network in five continents , working together in partnerships with dignity , unification and rights to extend the mental illness of people with new language and hope to create an unparalleled vision and power .
As Peter Levin said , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s obsessed with basic equipment and this basic ability to use mental illness .
In this sense , there is no greater privilege and righteousness than making it easier for a patient to be able to witness , to gain help , to share the suffering of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are a miracle . We are immutable .
With all of us , we can never really be culturalized , changed or displaced .
The lights never come out .
As one time , a wonderful doctor told me , &quot; &quot; I will admit what else they told you about you .
You are going to tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to present my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are images that you can &apos;t get from your photo array .
I got interested in photography when I was 15 years old .
It was confused with my curiosity to paint , but it was a little different , because in the application of the photo creature , the process is much more primitive .
When you take a picture with a poster , the process ends when you press the button .
And for me , photography means more to be in the right place .
It was a sense that everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process starts when you break the button .
Here are images like this : traffic jam .
But there &apos;s an unexpected twist here .
And yet , there is a part of reality .
Or these images , both dark and colorful , but they all have a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photocopies .
Because , of course , these images are not really possible , but I always want them to look like they might have been able to take a picture of them .
Images , for a moment of reflection , need a moment to discover an opportunity .
And it &apos;s a little bit more conceptual than it was at some point .
But what makes it so realistic ?
Is the secret in the details , or are the colors in the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What makes this whole thing ?
Sometimes it &apos;s just the distance .
But ultimately , everything depends on how we imagine the world and what we might call reality on a scale .
It &apos;s not all that real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it in terms of the pixels of reality where you can take different parts of reality and connect them to one another , and that &apos;s a reality .
Let me show you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in a three-dimensional world .
But in a different way , they &apos;re able to create something that &apos;s kind of three-dimensional , like this .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re manipulating our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t recognize the fact that it &apos;s meaningless .
I see the same process in taking photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of different realities .
Photography becomes more realistic , I think , than those that we don &apos;t even think of , are the things that surround us everyday .
But when you put them together , it &apos;s really important to make this calculation , because otherwise something is wrong .
I want to mention the three basic rules that we need to follow in order to achieve reality .
As you can see , these pictures are not very specific .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
First rule : Combinary images need to be made identical .
Secondly , images together need the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules , and they &apos;re made of the same height and light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where it starts and ends up with identities without compromise .
You have to come up with any idea about making images .
By comparing colors , concentration and light between the borders of different images , by adding the photo details , such as density , by adding the colors and growing the digital noise , we &apos;re bringing the differences between the different images and the same photo , even though a single image can have hundreds of lines .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It &apos;s just a picture of nature , and it &apos;s only a change in the bottom .
But in fact , this image is completely composed of images from places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually easier to prepare any environment than to find a place like this , because then you don &apos;t have to go into ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So having this idea worth spreading , I knew that I had a couple of months to prepare for this picture , and I found a number of pieces of data .
For example , this fish was shot in a fish farm .
The money is taken from elsewhere .
The part of George was shot in the rock .
And one more thing , I drove out into the house a little red so it would look a little bit more Swiss .
To really get the outcome , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start with sexiness , an idea .
And then I start collecting images .
Here , all the pieces are well-designed .
And if you &apos;re a good photographer , the result may be pretty and also very beautiful .
So here &apos;s the whole thing , and the only thing that defines us is imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
CA : Julia , a good luck .
It turned out that Vikelicks , your granddaughter , had posted more classified documents in the past few years than the rest of the world &apos;s media combined .
Can it be true ?
Julian Assange : Yeah , could it be right ?
Isn &apos;t it worrying that the remaining media in the world is doing so much worse , that a small group of activists are able to release more of that kind of information than the remaining media in the world combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people make the documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as we can say , classic discovers , and we have a number of ways for them to get the information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret on the Internet to send all the materials around the Internet , to hide behind , to cross different rights , like Sweden and Belgium , to use legal protection .
We get information out of the box , in a simple gesture , whether it &apos;s registered or not , in a simple media organization like the one that we &apos;re comfortable in , formulating , which is sometimes very difficult when you talk about a vast amount of information , causing it to go to Israel and then protecting ourselves from unimaginable rights and political affairs .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that the documents are true , but in fact , the source itself is almost never knowing .
JA : Right , it is . We very rarely know it , and if we find it in any blood , then we probably lose that information .
( Ringing ) The king .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KIPP , just to ask you what the code is for the TED conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s see an example .
This is what was said a few years ago by you .
If we can see this pattern ...
So this is a couple of years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened ? What happened ?
JA : So this is Carol &apos;s couch .
This was a secret study published by the government of Kenya in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was ruled by Daniel Rachel Moi for 18 years .
He was a great conductor in Kenya .
And when Kleiber was in power , through a series of Kallikuppam forces , who were trying to clean Kenya from Corruption , they gave this talk about two million pounds into a conversation that was driven .
And then the government left it , and as a political solution , it used Moi , who was the richest man , and is now the richest man in Kenya .
This is the final goal of the Kenyan press .
So I went there in 2007 and I managed to get it right before the election — the National Election , the 28th of December .
When we published that conversation , we published it three days after the fact that a new president , Kiva , had decided to memorialize the man that he had come out — Daniel Rachel Moi — and this conversation was principally advised by President Kiribati .
BG : And to put it very briefly , Kenya &apos;s conversation was not in the administrative media , but in the immediate aftermath , and you think that was really powerful in the outcome of choice .
JA : There you go . And this was the head page of Google , and it was then published in every country around Kenya in the middle of Tanzania and South Africa .
And so he gave it up .
And that , within two days , became the case that the gentleman in Kenya was talking about it .
It went on for 20 days on a Chinese television , and the poll changed by 10 percent in a genetic interview , and changed the outcome of choice .
CA : Ah , did that change the world ?
JA : Good job !
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of Band-Aid .
Video is far longer . But here &apos;s a short video .
This is — this is a powerful material , I should warn you .
Radio : The writer gave them a hug .
I &apos;m watching your object , well there &apos;s about four volumes , mmm , mmm ...
Man is free . Yeah , good . Screw .
I was told when they were lying . Look at me .
Go for it .
No , no , no .
( Growling ) Stop . Stop .
Hurricane — Budrus , king of spades , king of spades , king of spades .
We need to move now .
Well , we were in the peace zone .
Now , we see two birds , and we still break .
Rogs . I bought them .
Two and a half , that &apos;s two and a half , we &apos;re moving .
Hey , sorry . What happened ?
Go bother , Kamen . Well done , here we go . I stuck them .
CA : What did that have to do ?
JA : And those people who worked on it had a huge impact .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Bach to study the story more closely .
This is the first of three commandments that happened in that area .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people die in that condition , yes , that &apos;s two Ruters .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters , two little children were killed .
About 18 to 26 people were killed .
CA : And this exposure has become a source of widespread excitement .
What is the real reason for anger ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see the great inequalities of power .
Here you see guys crossing the street , and then a kilometer in the air , 30 millimeters in the air , holding a single foot of thorium on everyone , finding each passage to do it and killing people in the air .
And there were two journalists there who were just not prohibitive , because that &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brendan Manning , who has conquered this video , and it turns out that actually has conquered this video , also with 280,000 classified U.S. censorship reports .
Is that ?
JA : Well , we were betting that we got those TVs .
He was recruited about five days ago — 150,000 radio masts and covering 50 .
We announced a phone from the U.S. Department of Rice earlier this year , but it doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to another .
My point is that I was one of those comrades on the other side of the fence .
CA : If you got the U.S. Department of Digital Education for thousands of DVDs ...
JA : We would have thrown them out . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : Huh . ( CA : Why ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the real state of the arc government looks like , the real destruction of human rights in those governments .
If you look at the remote controlled TVs , you can see what materials are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about this .
So basically , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that this network of storytelling is correct ?
JA : Well the question is , what is the information that matters in the world , what kind of information can produce ?
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When companies are spending economic strength to gather information , it &apos;s a very good signal that when that information is produced , there is a hope that it will be a good thing , because organizations that are well aware of it , knowing it , knowing it , they &apos;re spending jobs to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experiment . And that &apos;s the story of the media .
CA : But isn &apos;t that a threat to the people involved , or really , for the vast majority of society , that the challenge can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen this before because of our objects .
So we have policies of understanding threat .
We have a special way of interacting with personal information .
But there are also secrets of love — you know , for example , your data from your doctor — it &apos;s a privilege . But we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we &apos;re facing , the foundations are good .
CA : So their foundations are okay .
And what would you say , for instance , to someone who serves a bribe in the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you expressed something that someone had a particular argument to it .
It shows one soldier in the United States who is laughing and dying .
It leaves the presumption — it leaves the presumption , nearly millions of people around the world that the U.S. military are human .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son isn &apos;t . How do you handle it ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Well , we hear a lot .
But remember , people in India , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to watch the video every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It will change the perception and the judgment of people paying for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to illuminate what you think the secrets of companies and government are .
Light is good .
But aren &apos;t you stuck with the fact that in order to illuminate yourself , you have to create a secret around your resources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have Vikelicks .
We don &apos;t have the kind of resources to be an alcoholic of other sources .
If they appear , that &apos;s a complicated situation for us , but we &apos;re supposed to act properly in a way that people are morally committed to keeping our security instead of destroying it .
CA : I &apos;d actually just like , just in the audience here — I &apos;m interested in how TED thinks .
You know , there may be two kinds of Wikipedia and Giuliani .
You know , a hero , a nurse , who gives you this important light .
Dangerous predators .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few would .
CA : Just bullshit , Julia , a pig farm .
You need to try some more . Let me give you another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t invented yet , but I think for TED you &apos;ll do it .
So that &apos;s an interesting story that just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is daily , something we do every day .
Last year , last November , a bunch of protests took place in Albania , like the Magic Flute , but not so big .
And we got a call from a random , engineering analysis of a random sample , saying that , in fact , security workers from some of the disadvantaged , multinational companies actually had terrorists in place to fight them .
And that some of the algorithmic government had to do with it , and so on and so forth .
And the engineering division didn &apos;t have anything up there , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t control it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was writing .
So we were a little bit overwhelmed with this idea that maybe some of the shell companies are trying to use it .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re very close to this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
The material looks normal , it sounds right , but we can &apos;t control it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter from the company that he wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) He said , &quot; &quot; Hey , we want to find the source of that . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell me more .
In fact , what &apos;s the story ?
Can you show that you had legal rights in that document ?
Is it really yours ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this postcard where the author was written on the name of Microsoft Word .
There you go .
( Applause ) Those things have happened a lot .
This is an example of one of the ways that we copy and paste in any material , to try and get these people to write a letter .
CA : There you go . Where did you get from BP ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot , but right now we &apos;re bringing a lot of craftsmanship and engineering efforts .
So the great news of our publishing just over the past couple of months has been to become very small , because we are reconciling the systems for our advantaged social interest .
It &apos;s a problem .
As any new organization that &apos;s growing up , we &apos;re kind of geospacified with our growth , and that means we &apos;re getting a lot of very high kinds of discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and check these data .
CA : And that &apos;s the main cathedral , mostly in the headlines and there &apos;s a massive amount of coverage ?
JA : Good job ! There we go .
That is , we are a society that is struggling to grow very rapidly because of the kind of material that we &apos;re dealing with . That &apos;s why we need to redesign people so that you have people who engage with the highest security issues in the country and then with lower security issues .
CA : Let us personal understand you and how this work started .
And I think I &apos;ve read that when you were a child , you &apos;ve had 37 different schools .
Is that ?
JA : Well , my parents made a movie , and then they flew off the wall , so both the melodies ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist can tell you it &apos;s a paranoid development component .
JA : What is the work of the film ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And you too , I mean , at an early age you were also struggling with power and early on .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , when I was a young reporter , I was an activist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was betting that .
So you have to be careful with the other word .
I mean , there &apos;s a way that you can use different things .
Unfortunately , at this point , it &apos;s most used by race math to guide your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
So this expression is not as comfortable as it was .
CA : Well , I certainly don &apos;t think you &apos;re paying a lot of money , but what about your core values ?
Can you introduce us to some extent and maybe some medium in your life that helps to define them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about the media .
But primary values — well , generally , adults don &apos;t make pigs . They feed them chickens .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and other brothers , from the older people that I &apos;ve had in my life .
CA : In terms of , how many people of the age do you think they &apos;re born ? Can you feed them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a war man , so it &apos;s not my thing to eat . But there &apos;s another way — there &apos;s a way to eat chickens , which is to control crime .
And that &apos;s something that &apos;s been a part of my personality for a long time .
CA : And just to give you a sense of the last minute , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you published something there , you had problems with a bank , and then local media service announced that the story would not be published .
Instead , they advertised your present .
Which made you very impressive in Iceland . So what happened ?
JA : Yes , that &apos;s a wonderful event , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For each country , it was deep .
Her bank section was the privatization of her own economy in GDP .
But anyway , we &apos;re releasing this conversation last year in Holly .
And national TV was reported five minutes before it got published , and as a movie , the contest popped up on the news , and the headline said , &quot; It &apos;s never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the website for a while , as a videotape , and we got very famous in Iceland , we went to Italy and talked about this issue .
And in the community , it was such a pressure that this was never going to happen , and as a result , with some political leaders in Iceland and other international legal researchers , we set up a new type of law bank for Iceland to become an official monkey for free , with the most powerful media organization in the world , and with the Nobel Prize for free speech .
Iceland is a standstill country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was taken by the Icelandic Communist .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When I think about the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Evil will hold us more , will there be more secret , or will we follow the Great Evil , or should all be right in front of us ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to get better .
That is , there is a huge gap between the legislation and the legislation of freedom of speech in the United States , China and the United States .
Where does it go ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we &apos;re living in a very interesting time , because there &apos;s only a little bit of effort to move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me in the audience that I &apos;ve invented , say , Julia , be tough and strong and lean .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always Amy .
And 18 months ago , I had another job at Google , and I presented this idea to my senior manager , who is here today , and he allowed me to implement this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting archives and stories , the 17 interesting suburbs of cities .
But I will concentrate on the demise .
There &apos;s a lot of stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal pressure is very clearly viewed on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve had a wonderful education , I &apos;m not an outsider , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these displays and the works of art that I &apos;ve shown you .
And when I began traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was at Google , I tried to realize the dream of becoming art through more accessible new technologies .
So we created a wonderful team , a team of amazing people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;ll tell you a few interesting things about when we started working on this project .
So you go to Google ArtProject.com .
You can see all of the roofs here .
There &apos;s the desk of Wofi , the contemporary art gallery , the Renaissance , Renaissance and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City Metropolitan Museum .
There are two ways you can get in — very easy .
Put this in there , and there you are .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bombay , Mexico doesn &apos;t matter .
You can run around in a warehouse , wiggle around .
Do you want to go around ?
Open the hardware and give it a hug .
You go inside , and you need to go through the rest of the network .
Go ahead , take the pictures .
Learn .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I didn &apos;t get to the very best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite pictures , the Pete Brigley collectors in Mathare .
You see the marker of this money .
If the surgeon gave us that image , you could screw it up .
This is just one of the images .
So it &apos;s all metadata .
Those who are really interested in culture might mess this up , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images we &apos;ve used in our lab with cognitive technology .
So this picture , for instance , is about 10 billion missing .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to be able to get 10 billion pounds of pick-ups .
You can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on the slide .
This guy comes out very , very uncomfortable with his face .
But then you want to take a closer look .
And I started looking into it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , wait a minute , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; And I went to the drawing and I noticed these kids were doing something .
I did a little study , and I talked to some of my colleagues at MIT , and I discovered this is a game called Seoul , where children sleep on a rug on the third day of Sunday .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now we get closer and closer to the bones .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same thing from a distance , so you can see how far they got .
That &apos;s where we were , and that &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s fast-forward to the Museum of Modern Art , again in New York .
Again , one of my favorites , the night of the Gold Rush . The example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to look at snakes ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually did this thing ?
We kind of embedded a painting .
I &apos;m going to arrive at my favorite painting , and I &apos;m going to really get to the pinatas .
This is the night of God . I think no one has seen this photo before .
Now I &apos;m going to show you my favorite way .
There are many different things , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called Translucence .
Each of you , no matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can make your own portrait on the Web , your own collection of these pictures .
Very expensive , in your mind , we &apos;ve created something we call the power to grow a picture , you can change the size of the picture .
This is Hippocrates from the Asian Amazon .
You can write a record , send it back to your friends and talk about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an conclusion , the main thing for me here is that these amazing things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they &apos;re not in the fields .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;ve given us these amazing artists .
It was my common experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we &apos;re widely doing art on the Internet .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is , &quot; &quot; Did you design it to replicate the experience of going to bathrooms ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This just encourages visiting the reservoirs .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m an reactor .
That &apos;s what I do in my life — I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of reaction and some supernatural creatures called water .
But before I get too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do it with words , but I will also use the geometric body , the environment . In my talk , you &apos;ll be able to control a couple of circles .
I was born in a rural Texas family in France .
And after a while my parents died , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
From that moment on , I grew up as a single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Asia , it was a little bit extraordinary .
We were surrounded by various families whose father had control of the family , so I grew up watching my mother in a divided landscape .
In fact , I grew up knowing two kinds of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a highly educated , global , time-consuming woman .
And my next chapter , my grandmother , who was also very spiritual in my mind , but more spiritual values , a little educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who , fortunately , had twisted and orphaned at the grocery store and didn &apos;t have her eyes smiling .
Many came to my grandmother with heavy gunshot iron , people or dresses .
Every time my grandmother would find words in Arabic , she would pick up a red cheese and drink them with ink as much gray as they wanted to take out of the skin .
And then he stayed in a hot , dark black hole .
A week later , the patient came to the clinic .
Now I know I shouldn &apos;t talk about things like this in the audience , but the truth is , all the people who face my grandmother with a skin issue , I haven &apos;t seen him struggle .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Was it the power of winning ?
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , it does . But you need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; Grandma , other than many of the lessons I &apos;ve learned , I &apos;ve been an extreme lesson , which is that , if you want to destroy anything in your life , whether it &apos;s prostitution , or the power of the human spirit , you have to surround it with high walls .
And it will be down below zero .
Now we all live in a kind of social and culture .
Yes , we are .
We &apos;re all born into a family , some nation and class .
But if we had nothing to do with the ugly world that we were suffering from , then we might have suffered from the inner threat .
Our hearts would be shrinking . Our humanity would be shrinking if we were long stretches from our cultural doctors .
Our friends , our neighbors , our partners , our family members — if they were like us , we would be surrounded by our festivals .
Another thing my grandmother does in Turkey is they cover the elephants with a light socket , or they burn the wall so that the photos would get published .
It &apos;s an old Western hair based on the belief that man is not healthy in spending a lot of time in front of an elephant .
Through the agenda , people who live in communities are at the greatest risk in the world of modern globalization .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world — the Library and the conservatives , the geoists and the beliefs , the rich and the poor in the East and the Army .
We tend to make posters that look like this and then reveal things about people who reveal other planets .
I think the only thing that will win this cultural tattoo is through reaction art .
Stories can &apos;t break the boundaries , but they can manifest the missions in our mental walls .
And through these discoveries , we can lavish other fields and even compare what we see .
I started writing since I was eight .
And my mother came home one day and she said , &quot; &quot; Would you like to have a laundry ?
When I look back , I think he was particularly worried about my mental illness .
I was constantly telling stories at home , which was definitely good , but I was telling it to my educational friends , which was always bad .
I was a self-portrait kid , so I was talking to colorful people and asking for help from objects when I was interviewing them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing my day &apos;s discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was considering my life as a terribly embarrassing person , and the last thing I was going to write about was about me .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and things that had never happened .
And it &apos;s become essential in my whole life to write stories .
My reaction at the time was more self-organizing than trading a trip to other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a little bit of closing . I &apos;m going to do a little bit of closing and closing .
Go back to my story , then something else happened .
My mother became a diplomat .
And I moved from this little , unfamiliar , middle-class household apartment where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful , global school in Maiddia where I was just kidnapped .
I was first confronted with the concept of &quot; &quot; extreme representative . &quot; &quot; In our classroom , we were taught by children of different nation-states , and yet this diversity did not correspond to colonialism in our classroom in equal democracy .
Instead , it created a atmosphere where each child was viewed not as an individual , but as a large thing .
We were kind of a little bit like the U.N. , which was very funny , despite the exceptional moments that happened to the people in the room , with the people in the room .
This or this baby was often a foreign object and was going down in the woods .
And I knew it very well , because at that time , when I was comfortable in that school , there was a war crime in my country — a very small minority of a man whose nation was murdering the homeless man of the Roman Pavilion and the untouchables of Turkey to join the Army .
( Laughter ) In those days , I was constantly exposed to lessons and dreaming of becoming a oil .
I first felt the cultural explosion there .
The other kids were asking me about a film I hadn &apos;t seen before in Sunday — they were interested in how many calories I was covering because they thought all the roofs were popping up on the planet , and they were surprised that from the time I started to cover my head .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three reasons for my country : politics , civic and mastery .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany and Apache again .
I still felt that my vulnerability was the only thing I could transport with me .
The stories struck me to be focused , to be continued and to be satisfied — these were three things that I always felt .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stamble , a town I battle .
I was living in a very large , diverse environment , where I wrote some of my cousins .
I was in Tampa , when the 2010 earthquake happened .
When I got out of my house at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , there was a scene that caught me off .
We had a local priesthood , an elderly man who never sold a bread from the soul , never spoke to the victims of the community .
He was sitting next to a transistor who had dressed a long and long torch and a torch of rags tucked beneath him .
I saw this man opening the door of the sandwich with his bare hands , and he surrounded himself with this picture of the Guardian earthquake , and now it &apos;s in my remembering remembering self — the conservative grandeur and the swallowing transistor lying on the coast .
Death and destruction in our country are disintegrating and we &apos;re all becoming single , even if it &apos;s just a matter of hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can have an impact on us as well .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction is the same as the earthquake , but reading well , we leave our small , well-attended creatures and we leave ourselves alone in the middle of the night and start meeting people we &apos;ll never meet in the past or maybe we &apos;ll meet in the future .
Within this case , I started joining women &apos;s school in Boston and then in Mexico .
I felt more than a global change , but a language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an extrovert , not a forger , not a forger , and I was asked , &quot; &quot; Why am I doing this ? &quot; &quot; In language , I get an opportunity to rebuild myself .
I love to write in utero , which is very poetic and very emotional , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and logical to me .
I have a different type of connection with two languages .
For me , English , like the rest of the millions of people in the world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , you end up with an incredible amount of unhappiness .
Because , as a beginning , we want to say more , to make better decisions , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit expressed , because there &apos;s a lot of nation between thought and language .
And that meeting is very frightening .
But if we overcome that fear , it can be a punishment .
This is what I found in Boston : Satisfactory is very tempting .
At that time , my grandmother , who had been tracking my whole life , began to immerse myself in his struggles so that I could get married , so I could go somewhere and I would always .
And because God loves my grandmother , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved to Arizona .
And since my husband is from Sumbo , I &apos;ve started to transform lives in Arizona and in Sumbo , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of my life has always been a curator — physically or emotionally .
The stories always interpenetrate me , keeping all my particles and memories together , acting as an ecstatic slum .
As many stories as I know , I &apos;ve recently begun to wonder that they lose their magic . &quot; &quot; If , &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when , &quot; &quot; it seems more than a story .
I &apos;d like us all to think together about this .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; but I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look , there are so many Spanish and American characters in the book , and there is only one way , and it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the Vaults were happening at the University of Boston , for me it was normal for me that the Irish characters would be more than the Army , but I understood what he was looking for .
As well as I realized , I &apos;m going to keep banging on .
He wanted to see my identity perspire .
In the book , she was looking for a cup of coffee , because it was me .
We talk a lot about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how politics affects the way that the stories expand and and expand and .
Many authors feel this pressure , but the Other authors feel it more .
If you are a woman writing about the media world like me , you will be expected to write stories about women of death , and you will be expected to be difficult stories about women of death .
You are expected to write messages and links and typical stories and circles with your creative and determined colleagues .
What I experienced when I was a kid in high school is now in the literal world .
The writers don &apos;t think of themselves as an independent creative person , they think of themselves as representatives of their culture — some Chinese authors , some in Turkey , some in Nigeria .
We &apos;re all expected to have something special if not legitimate .
My colleague James Baldina , in one of 1984 interviews , had asked many questions about balance .
When the journalist was trying to emphasize the fact that she was a writer , Bloody went to see him and said , &quot; &quot; You don &apos;t see me . I don &apos;t have anything special in me that &apos;s different than me , and there &apos;s nothing in others that I don &apos;t have . &quot; &quot; When politics tries to attack us , it puts our liberties at risk .
There is a subtle category called multicultural literacy , where all the letters from the outside world are gathered together .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural process 10 years ago in the Harvard Journal .
We had three authors , one from Philippines , me from Turkey , and one from Indonesia — as you know , the Internet .
( Laughter ) We weren &apos;t all together because we were writing in the same art gallery or in the same bookstore .
We were brought together .
Many cultural authors are expected to write real stories , not so mysterious .
Food functions .
In this way , not just for the authors , but also for the emperors to become the emperors of large-scale objects .
But I should also add that the notion of seeing more in the story is not only with Armstrong .
It comes from everywhere .
I first felt it in 2005 , when I was stopped in front of the courtroom to give a speech to my favorite characters .
I was expected to write a structural , multilayered egg and other families by the eyes of a woman .
My micro story made a huge difference when I was caught .
Some criticized me and others very well to write about the post-conflict .
Sometimes I would like to bring them both sides to remind me that this is just a forest .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; just a story , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to outcaste my work .
I want to love and cultivate the reaction to the essence of it , rather than what it will be .
Searchers are right to express their political views , and there are good political views in that period , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
Chekhov said , &quot; &quot; The solution and the correct question are all different .
And only the last one is in charge of the author . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity divides us . The statement combines .
One is called unconscious bias .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
The other one doesn &apos;t know the borders .
The politics of identity is kind of made up of red bricks .
And the reaction is kind of like running water .
During the Ottoman Empire , there were these glamorous stories called &quot; &quot; media . &quot; &quot; They went to celebrate , to tell stories to Muslims , often by sharing those stories right there .
In order to introduce a new character , the media changed its voice by categorizing that character .
Everyone could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even Stalin , the dead , not the media .
Stories were being destroyed by borders , like Hawaii Nashtridney , that were spread across the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asian .
Today , stories are still ahead of the boundaries .
When Palestine and Israeli politicians talk about each other , they don &apos;t usually listen to each other , but the Palestinian warrior is still reading Haifa &apos;s books , and vice versa , combining and reading the story .
Science brings us back .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
The books saved a girl who was as shy as I was when .
But I &apos;m also familiar with the danger of making books .
When he got to the prison and the mystic , Rumi met his spiritual leader , Shamsala Theresa , and the first thing he did was he found the books in Rumi &apos;s books looking at the water as the words would disappear in the water .
Sufferers say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t give you is greater than ignorance . &quot; &quot; The problem with modern cultural Googlers is not that we know a lot about each other , or we think we know too much , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t give us is distance and separate .
There is a metaphor that I love , and life is like a side show .
One leg on the other is a hot , hot glue .
Whereas the other leg is constantly in motion , full circle .
That &apos;s my reaction .
Some are surrounded by widespread rainforests in Tamil , and the other part is traveling all over the world , connecting with other cultures .
In this sense , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and everywhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucl have probably seen the Doppler Spack , which has been the subject of the Ocean for over 400 years .
In February , there &apos;s a place called the Jennifer Project .
It &apos;s between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Normally , we &apos;re immune to these sorts of inferences that do things .
We think of them as kind of harsh super-absorbency , like water , that &apos;s kind of like fresh water , and it conforms despair .
But more of these kinds of posters need writers and artists .
When I &apos;m creating , I encourage disability and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what happens next 10 pages .
I love my characters when they surprise me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and the other book I &apos;m going to write about a compelling , comparative New York professor .
If the stories shut down our hearts , we can write about anything .
Ohio Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I &apos;m alive . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in the paradigm .
But why is it that the first thing that students learn in creative books today is to write what you know .
Therefore , it &apos;s not always the right way to go .
Spatial literacy doesn &apos;t matter who we are or what we know , or what our identity is .
We need to teach our young people and ourselves to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to get out of our cultural gradients and explore others .
After all , stories are like actors who set out to make circles with their skirts .
They unite all of humanity , regardless of identity . It &apos;s good .
I &apos;d like to end with an old Sufi poem : &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s make it easier for each and every life , whether we love and love , nobody stays alive . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jean McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really moving beyond that .
It is so far from the fact that players around the world have spent 5.93 million hours together on the solution of the Virtual Choir .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad thing .
As we grow , we become more cooperative and failed species .
And as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is brilliant . He explores why people are so good .
But of course , this is not an optimal condition .
We need to start to make the world more like play .
Before we managed to get to games , we had skeletons of rocks .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is truly amazing .
So 18 years later , according to Freudian , the conductor decided that he needed to play the last game .
We want to visualize the victims and then provide people with a standard competition .
We made this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s for you .
We have a graphic tie , we have positive gifts on increasing skills such as environmental awareness , knowledge expansion , sustainability , world and enlightenment .
My big idea , which actually is a very , very small idea , can take a leaf out of the billions of big ideas that are sitting in us right now .
And my little idea is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room , dressed with pimentos .
There are women .
And I felt the wind from my own hard experience .
Two and a half years ago , I was reminded of power .
I broke my head , I broke my nose , I put five panels on my right eye .
And I began my journey to relate to the wine .
And in the process , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , more motivated , and the happier lives are needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to heat up the elevator .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , for men , smoking has become the currency of morality .
I was having lunch with a guy who was only four in the previous night .
What else I said — though I didn &apos;t say — I wanted to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you drank for five hours , this coffee might be much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new type of sleep to show off for your own benefit .
Especially here in Washington , if anybody invited a speech and said , &quot; &quot; Hey , do we meet eight ? &quot; &quot; You &apos;ll probably say , &quot; &quot; 8 is sure , but anyway , I &apos;ll get a speaker to play , I &apos;ll get a speaker for two consecutive and eight seconds . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so busy and effective , but that &apos;s not because in our economy ,
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the message of leadership is to get you to see the sign before they get to the bill .
And our Centers were far too lazy .
It makes me feel like , if Leymah &apos;s brothers managed Leymah brothers and sisters , it could still be in the water .
( Applause ) At the time , when all the brothers worked 24 hours a day , by seven days a week , his sister would probably have noticed the hamburger , because he was going to sleep for about seven and eight hours and watch the signature .
We are now committed to a number of journeys worldwide , and one that is useful for us personally , which is more joy , happiness , efficiency in our lives , is going to help our careers and be useful for the world .
So I invite you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden in us . Open the movers and you discover the power of your own .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about taking on imagination seriously .
I first discovered this common material 14 years ago , wanting that for centuries it had the same use .
Today , I use this material to create the highest resilient , scalable buildings in different cities in the world .
I was the most incredible person to do that .
I never studied architecture or engineering or architecture .
By the way , after I graduated from high school , I took seven art schools and I got a tutor .
I chose to be a painter — I painted 10 years ago when I got the invitation to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating artist portrait displays , I set up internal , and I ended up in Mathare .
The day of the exhibition was coming , and I didn &apos;t have them .
You had to do something .
The Jewish village was famous for crime .
So I tried making a bronze ball .
But making a great job was difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the corner and I started to see how fishes connect and design a lot .
I &apos;d seen it every day , but this time I perceived a different way of doing it as a new way of creating a canvas , a way of creating a canopy without sewing sheets of rock .
The first thing that really surprised me was I prepared these fish .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Love Towers . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture of it , we uploaded the Web .
What I discovered is that , desolate , flexible forms spring up all the winds , creating these ever-changing images .
I was angry .
I continued to investigate and collaborate with facilitators , and also in Lithuania , with indigenous people .
I loved the details that I ended up with , but I wanted to make more large-scale things , to transform the scale of the object that you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I went back to India after the fishes that worked , and we built a network of arms — a million and a half links — that in a short time , was installed in Middle East .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a researcher named Mongolia Salaam Marsales , who renewed the segment of Portugal .
He asked me if I could make a permanent demonstration for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by preserving my art .
Women , in engineering solutions , continued , those properties were in conflict with the typical stupidity of materials .
I spent two years looking for a detector that would resonate with the electromagnetic waves of the sun , the wind and the melting of the atmosphere and the atmosphere , but at the same time remain so sweet that it would rain down from wind .
We needed something that would keep the network at the center of the cloud .
So we cleaned up a 20-ton stone .
We had to design an engineering solution to get the skeleton out of nozzle and a magnetic pulse .
But there was no engineering computer program that could model objects and movement .
I found a brilliant Asian engineer in Haiti who was working on fireworks for the American Portrait Gallery . His name is Peter Hepp .
He helped me solve two problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t cook this in my own way , because the fireman did not know her .
So I got in touch with the predator , met the commanders of the warrior , and figured out how to bleach it .
There was no programming language that translated that traditional hand gesture into a car production .
We had to create this .
Three years later , after having two children , there was a 150-square-mile network .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now constructed and stable and in that transformation had nothing to lose .
( Applause ) This was an invisible and unsustainable pattern .
Now it was a perceived space .
I thought of it for the first time .
As I was watching the wind game , I was struggling to find myself at the same time to be connected to the ground .
My life would not be the same anymore .
I want to create these airports around the world in different cities .
Now I &apos;m going to address two new directions in my work .
This is the historical footprint of Philadelphia , and I felt that the powder had to be more expensive than the Internet .
So we tried to get water from particles mixed with pixels that make it smooth , and in the process , we also discovered that people could interact with this material and move between without falling .
And I use this metropolitan material to describe the following of the suburbs at the moment of the process , as if the city &apos;s circulatory system were taking place .
The next challenge was to be in Denmark , North American and South America , and I was asked if I could picture the interconnectedness of 35 West Bank countries and how they communicate across borders .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know what to start with , but I said , &quot; &quot; Yes .
I was reminded of the recent earthquake and tsunami in Chile , which has eradicated the Pacific .
It had moved the tectonic waves of the earth , accelerated the melting of the planet and literally doubled the length of the seaweed .
I hooked up with the NOAA , asking for the tunneling data , and converted it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1,26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of a microseconds that the Earth was clicked on day .
I couldn &apos;t build it in a stained glass , as I knew it .
Very complex structure .
I replaced the coffee with a stained glass , a stained glass , 15 times a wall .
The classroom would now be fully plastic and so light that it could be embedded in buildings in place as part of the city .
There was no computer program that thought these complex networks would interpret patterns and simulate patterns in strength .
So we had to create it .
And then I got a phone call in New York , asking for the idea of adapting to Times Square or Hillland .
This new , flexible structural method allows me to model and build structures that climb to the top of the sky .
Although many cities don &apos;t yet have money , I dream to take these platforms where they need the most .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional , productive forms .
Now I put them together in technology and engineering projects to create materials , disruptive , forms that go to the edges of buildings .
My creative horizons are expanding .
Here &apos;s the last story .
I got a call from a friend of mine in finance .
Being a lawyer , he &apos;d never been interested in art , never been to a local art gallery , and now he &apos;d walked out of the building and was able to say goodbye to him .
Those people in the Ptolemy convicted now the mysteries by their strangers , and seeing the creation , the transformative images , and bringing together the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this picture , you need to find your age on the horizontal axis .
After sexual abuse , we are totally hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I felt like I was a child , a woman &apos;s body .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that two parts of it are completely separate .
Hi . Thank you . That was a joy . ( Audience : Indeed . )
Information , the form of energy , communicates with all of our senses at the same time , then it &apos;s captured in this gigantic region , which is what it looks like today , and how it feels and how it feels and how it hears .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me through my right shared consciousness .
And at this point , we are perfect , we are totally and beautiful .
My left half , our left half , is a different one .
Our left brain is thinking linear and metaphor .
And the one on the left is thinking in language .
And all I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt softer in my body . Imagine that .
