Until a billion people on this planet are actively hacking social networks .
They all have one thing in common : they all die one day .
And while this is an idea that &apos;s spreading somewhere , I think it has some pretty profound implications , and it &apos;s worth investigating .
And that &apos;s what got me thinking about this . This is the beginning of this year , writing a blog by Dr. Millers , who was a computer scientist and technologist who died of cancer .
He told his family and friends that they would write like this , and they would appear after he died .
This is what he wrote .
&quot; &quot; There I have died , and this is the last description of my blog .
I had just asked myself that when my body finally died from the causes of cancer , my family and friends were reporting this message that I had written , and this positive website was going to be right . &quot; &quot; Because Millers were blogging , his brain was probably better written and more sentimentally integrated , but in fact , all of us are creating a virtue that is completely different from the things that have been created before .
Let &apos;s go to statistics for a moment .
At the moment , every second YouTube is uploaded 48 hours of video .
There are 200 million numbers every day .
The average Facebook user generates 90 cents a month .
So when you think about your parents and their parents , at best they &apos;ll be creating some photographs and economic photographs , or a project that &apos;s in a box .
And today , we &apos;re all creating this incredible rich digital warhead that will continue to be cloud , many years after our death .
I think it will create some incredibly interesting possibilities for technologies .
To make it clear , I &apos;m a journalist and not a technologist , and now I want to illustrate a picture of what the present and the future will be .
Now we already know some of the services that are created to help us decide what &apos;s going to happen to our inner demographic and social media after our death .
One of them , I found myself locally when I mentioned in Foursquare , which is a restaurant in New York City .
( Audio ) AO : Good .
Death : Is that ?
E : Yes .
Death can find you anywhere , every hour , even organic food .
E : Who &apos;s talking ?
Death : The collective idifie.net is not too late .
( Laughter ) E : A little scary , right ?
It just allows you to create a message or a video that can be put on your Facebook page after you die .
There &apos;s another service called 1,000 memories .
It allows you to create places for your loved ones , places without showing them , with videos , with photographs and stories that can be stored after your death .
But what &apos;s going to happen in the future seems more interesting to me .
Many of you are probably familiar with Dave Row , who showed a month of death that she had been able to analyze more than 90,000 hours of economic videos .
So in order for machines to understand human language and move large amounts of data around , it &apos;s possible to do a lifetime analysis of existence , of numbers , of photographs , of videos , of blogs — that we &apos;re creating with so many .
I think some time later , our digital identities will continue to be able to communicate with the real world much less than we die , thanks to all the existence that we &apos;re creating , and thanks to technology , the ability to understand it .
Now we see some experiments .
A service is called &quot; &quot; My Next Day , &quot; &quot; it analyzes all of your Twitter feed , all of the things you &apos;ve written to make some predictions about what to write next .
Right now , as you can see , the outcome can be dynamic .
And you can imagine what this would look like , five , 10 , 20 years from now , the improvement of our capabilities in technology .
Fast-forward , MIT Media Lab works on robots that can communicate as humans .
But what if these robots could be communicated based on specific characteristics of humans based on hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that humans create over their lifetime ?
Finally , back to this famous scene , which was the night of elections in 2008 , in the U.S. , when CNN presented a hologram to the hip-hop musician , Anders Coppola .
What if we could use this kind of technology to protect the presence of our loved ones in our rooms , which are actually communicated in a relatively similar way based on all the content that they created in their lifetime ?
I think this is completely possible , because the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capability of technology to understand it is rapidly expanding .
Now , in closing , I say what we all need to think about : do we want this to be our reality , and if so , what does it mean to limit life and to everything else ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work in artificial technology .
My company is trying to engage people in the environment , pay attention .
... paying attention to Christopher .
This is a short video of everything we do .
HW : One minute .
We &apos;ll wait for a minute for it to take off .
( Laughter ) In general , we can release this part — I &apos;ll stop before I leave the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
The solar technology ...
Oh , I &apos;m out of time ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s true .
Remember what brought it to him .
All the services that we use , the communication , the time , the tools , everything .
And this is happening today .
I &apos;m more confident that someday we &apos;ll be writing books about our time , and that &apos;s when our generation will be remembered as the generation of the Internet that created something global : truth and justice .
But yes , it &apos;s also true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems with security and secrecy .
There we go .
Brain A : This is a tough curve .
It &apos;s 5.25 degrees thick , and it &apos;s got Brain A virus in it . This is the first computer virus .
When we continue the distribution , the correspondence codes down , and it &apos;s written down here by 1,600 KO78RUS , and it &apos;s written down in the code .
As a documentary . This is no use .
Study it by trying to understand the meaning .
When I was angry , I started looking for Google .
But there was nothing wrong .
I talked to workers in the lab .
There are a few friends in the lab .
And one of them noticed that if you end up in Russia , Russia means Russia , and 78 is the city of Scotland .
Code . You can find this in some mobile phones , cars .
The government &apos;s numbers and so on . I &apos;ve tried to connect in Bangalore .
And after the exhibition , we finally found this website . This guy , he worked for several years .
On the Internet , it has its own website , and it has its blog in Live Journal , and in this blog , it &apos;s writing its life .
In his life as Secretary of State , he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his cat , about his friend , and he has a very beautiful car .
This guy is actually doing it .
The Mercedes Benz S600 V126 engine , more than 400 rides . In Bangalore , for 20 children , this is an automobile .
How did I know about this car ?
Because there was writing about the machine .
He was convicted .
The center of Antarctica .
He &apos;d put up another car , and he &apos;d put up pictures of it .
Here &apos;s her Maresis , here &apos;s Lake Samantha , who was drunk . You can see , Prime Minister of Who Summer .
It ends with 78RUS , if you look at the picture .
I &apos;m not a lawyer now .
But if I were to , here I would say , &quot; &quot; Things have fallen . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) What would happen if the crime is over ? In many cases it doesn &apos;t go so far .
Even in the prescription pad .
We don &apos;t know where the crime comes from .
It &apos;s often blue . It doesn &apos;t work if it works .
There &apos;s not enough evidence to be made . I want everything to be easier .
But unfortunately it isn &apos;t .
It &apos;s changing very quickly . You &apos;ve probably heard of Stuxnet .
Stuxnet did everything .
What did it do ? It &apos;s Siemens S7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s programmable robotic control , and what drives our infrastructure .
That &apos;s what controls all around us .
PLCs , little boxes , don &apos;t have a screen .
They &apos;re not creative , they &apos;re programmed , they &apos;re positioned , they &apos;re doing their work . For example , the rise of this building .
They &apos;re actually controlling one of these . And if Stuxnet does one of these things .
It &apos;s the universal revolution , the risk we have to take seriously , because everything is controlled by them .
We have a very important infrastructure .
You go to any store , anywhere .
Electric , chemical , metal factory , look around you , everything controls computers . Everything controls computers .
The self depends on these computers .
We &apos;re in charge .
On the Web , for example , electricity is the basis of the web , obviously we &apos;re dependent on the work of computers , and it &apos;s really creating .
All new problems for us .
We have a different way of going about it , even if computers don &apos;t . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So cooking suggests that we can work when things don &apos;t even work out there . In fact , it &apos;s extremely important for continuity .
Think about conservation , think about what &apos;s important . Now I &apos;ll tell you ...
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Remember all the services we have .
You think it &apos;s all about you .
If you don &apos;t have them for some reason someday , I am the beauty of the future of the Internet .
I see it , but I &apos;m afraid we won &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid because of cybercrime .
We have problems . This is the only consumption .
It &apos;s going to get us through this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent all of my life protecting the Internet , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t fight it , we have a danger to lose everything . We have to do it all together .
And we &apos;re going to do it right now . We need to be more general , international .
Let &apos;s do the right job of finding the cybercriminals — these organized groups that are eating millions of services — that are more important than competitive .
Creating programs or networks .
It &apos;s about finding the people who are standing , and more importantly , we need to find the people who are going to become cybercriminals , but still haven &apos;t done anything . We need to find the smart people .
But without the opportunity and the opportunity to use their power for good goals . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
First of all , I want to introduce you to this , and it only takes you two minutes to change the way your body works .
But before I do that , think about your body , and also what you do with your body .
How many of you love it ?
Sometimes we shake hands .
Sometimes it &apos;s broken . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Notice what you &apos;re doing right now .
We are all attracted to the language of the body , and in particular .
We &apos;re interested , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the fun that &apos;s going on throughout the conflict , the ridiculous bullshit , the universal claims , or blindfolds , until the simple act of arrest .
Suddenly , here they are .
Even BBC and New York Times .
Of course , when we think about non-verbal language or movement , we , as sociologists , call it non-verbal , we think about language , which is communication .
And when we think about communication , we also think about connection .
There are enough reasons to believe that this is the right approach to the problem .
We often can make mistakes and mistakes about jazz .
And they can have a statistical meaning in critical circumstances of life , such as taking a job or earlier stepping , or meaning time .
For instance , the researcher at the University of Texas has found that when people look at their individual 30-second eye eye eye eye contact with a specific medical doctor and the patient &apos;s real influence , their medical love depends on whether or not the doctor &apos;s office is the doctor &apos;s office or not .
So they have to be smart , right ?
Our thoughts , our feelings and our organizations are common .
And so what kind of communication do I mean ?
I &apos;m a social psychologist . I study precautions , and I teach in high school businesses , and I was inevitably interested in the dynamics of government .
I was particularly fascinated by the unfinished expectations of power and superpower .
What do you think are the incomplete mediums of power and superpower ?
In the animal world , animals are fitted with a physically big imagination .
The animal gets larger and larger .
It &apos;s a bigger space .
Jesse Theresa has been studying this observation , which is known as pride and common .
With our hands , we don &apos;t even want to touch the person next to us .
This is what it looks like to be powerful and to allow people to meet .
When our classrooms are strong and self-confident , we , regardless of our weaknesses , stand up .
I &apos;m following my students &apos; movements , and I &apos;ve noticed that business leaders are really masters .
At the moment , they &apos;re working in almost two places .
Whereas the others stay inside , as soon as the listener walks inside , you see it .
I have some notes about that .
Women do this more often than men .
They always think they &apos;re more affordable than men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I &apos;ve also noticed
This is particularly important for business management masters , because the detail is so limited to the participation .
Business schools have been struggling to solve this genetic breakthrough .
I started to wonder , for example , university adopts these people who are attending classrooms .
There are predictions , yes .
For example , we hate when we &apos;re happy , but when we have to be silent , when the writer is struggling with these teeth , we get a little bit more happy .
It works on both sides . It works on both sides .
The second question that we &apos;re interested in is this : We know that our consciousness has forced us to change the way our bodies function , but can we change the way our bodies function ?
What do I mean by consciousness in this context ?
So why are they different from each other ?
It &apos;s not surprising that influential people are often more confident , more confident and better .
They really think that the winner is going to be out when it comes to chance .
So there are many differences . They &apos;re more often at risk .
But actually it depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have strong control , high-level testosterone , but who &apos;s responding to the stress response ?
Probably not . You would like to have one .
So we have evidence that the body can drive consciousness , at least in terms of its own , and that the changes in the aging can also shape consciousness .
So what happens is , you get new things , what happens if you do it minimally , a tiny , intangible change .
Here &apos;s a few more .
So you can sit down or stop .
So here &apos;s the human performance .
You &apos;re going to get drunk , baby .
They were printing the street .
Here &apos;s what happens . They go in .
Here &apos;s the whole experiment .
Here &apos;s the results of the testosterone disease .
It &apos;s just two minutes , and these are the results .
And this is what happened to the cartoon .
It turns out that our body &apos;s language depends , not only on the environment , but on ourselves .
In addition , our bodies are influenced by our consciousness .
In our view , can you use such a tool when you appreciate your friends ?
It &apos;s not about what you talk to other people .
It &apos;s about what you &apos;re talking to yourself .
That &apos;s what we want to try .
It takes five minutes .
Within five minutes , there &apos;s no expression in the face , which is worse than when you &apos;re asked .
People can &apos;t afford it . Maria Lanswers .
And then the experts took four videos .
They have no idea about the conditions of hippocampus or trial .
The emotions of regret were important during that conversation .
It was just how people represented themselves .
And that &apos;s what led to the decision makers .
I force them to shape until they get everything .
In response , they said yes .
They don &apos;t want to be groups , they want to be self-evident .
When I was 19 , I got on the car .
I got out of the car a few times .
It came from the brain stem , from the repair part .
I knew my IQ because I was always smart and talented .
I was removed from college ; I was trying to go back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not the end of college .
I &apos;m selfish .
You have to stay and look like that .
I became what I wanted . I really do it . &quot; &quot; And so I did . I was five years old .
I didn &apos;t have that feeling , and he had that feeling , and I understood his experiences .
It can appear until it gets everything .
He changed .
So I want to tell you a shape , before you get close to you .
Wake up as long as it becomes , I want you .
Do it for as long as it doesn &apos;t become part of you .
I want to add one last thing .
Small changes can make big changes .
That &apos;s two minutes .
Two minutes , two minutes , two minutes .
Here &apos;s how you should do it .
Raise your dentist , lower your calorie .
Let me give you a sense of how you think your powers are .
Thank you . ( Applause )
What I &apos;d like to talk about are actually the world &apos;s biggest problems .
I &apos;m not going to talk about &quot; &quot; Terrific Safety , &quot; &quot; though that &apos;s also a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to talk about what are the world &apos;s biggest problems ?
But before I go any further , I have to ask all of you to try to find paper and write , because I &apos;m going to ask you to help me show you how we did it .
So take paper and printer .
Mostly , there are many problems in the world .
I &apos;ll just mention a few of them .
800 million people suffer from mainstream disease .
One billion people out of clean water .
Two billion people out of synthetic conditions .
A few million are killed by HIV / AIDS .
And this is continuous .
Two billion people are at risk of climate change and so on .
There are many , many problems .
In the world , we &apos;ve all solved them , but now we can &apos;t .
We can &apos;t really solve all the problems .
And if we don &apos;t solve them , then we have to ask ourselves , and because of that , in the economic sector , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all that , we really have to ask ourselves , what &apos;s the problem ahead ?
And I &apos;d like to ask you that question .
Suppose we have 50 billion dollars for the next four years to do something good in the world , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve discovered 10 of the world &apos;s most important problems , and I &apos;m going to read briefly about them : climate change , behavioral disease , conflict , education , financial autonomy , government and corruption , and sexuality , population integration , social conditions and water and super-choice .
We think that minorities are among the world &apos;s most important problems .
The obvious question is , what do you think is the most important one ?
Where should we start to solve these problems ?
But this question is wrong .
This was the most important question that was raised in December .
Of course , it &apos;s not right to get people to focus on the problems .
Because we can &apos;t solve these problems .
The biggest problem , of course , is that we are all dead .
But we don &apos;t have the tools to solve it , right ?
It &apos;s important not to overcome problems , but to overcome problems .
So you get , of course , it makes the situation more complicated .
Climate change must be solved by the response of Kyoto .
Patients need to be solved through networks of hospitals and hospices .
Conflictions are used by the U.S. military and so on .
I want to ask you to try it in just 30 seconds , and write what you think about headlines .
And also — and this is where the economic burden is — notice that we shouldn &apos;t do things first .
What should be the end of the show ?
Please , for 30 seconds , talk to your neighbors as well , and just notice those are the best solutions to the world &apos;s biggest problems , and those are the few .
The extraordinary part of this process , and of course , I mean , I would love to — I &apos;ve been given 18 minutes , I &apos;ve already given you a pretty big part of my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to continue and help you think about it , and that &apos;s exactly what we did .
And I urge you , and I &apos;m also sure we &apos;ll have these conversations going on , asking you to think about , how do we actually scale ?
Of course , you have to ask yourself , why hasn &apos;t that been done ?
And one of the reasons is that constraints are extremely uncomfortable .
Nobody wants to do that .
Of course , every organization would want to be in the first place .
And none of them wanted to be in the first place .
And because there are so many more computers that don &apos;t show up completely understanding that we don &apos;t want to have a show like this .
It &apos;s about 60 years old that we have NGOs , but we &apos;ve never set up a foundation about all the important things we can do in the world and decide where to start .
It doesn &apos;t mean that we don &apos;t have transitions , any choice of transition , and of course we continue to differentiate progress from the second , but inevitably , it &apos;s hard to do better than if we actually did in certain transitions and looked at it and talked about it .
So I propose that we really say that for a long time we have had a lot of differences in choice .
We could do a lot of things , but we didn &apos;t know how many genes , nor how many .
We had no idea .
Imagine going to the restaurant and giving you a big room , but you don &apos;t know anything about the genes .
For example , you &apos;ve asked a question , but you don &apos;t know what &apos;s going on .
It can be $ 1 , or it can be $ 1,000 .
It can be a family vacation . It can be a very small number , right ?
You &apos;d like to know all that .
And that &apos;s exactly what the Copacabana Convention is trying to determine the gender of these problems .
And this is what the Copacabana Convention did .
We brought together 30 of the best economists in the world , three of them in each direction .
So the three most famous economists in the world were writing about climate change .
What could we do ? What would it cost ? And what would be useful ?
Similarly in infectious diseases .
The three world &apos;s leading experts say , what can we do ?
What would that look like ?
What do we need to do about it , and what are the results ?
And so on .
And the most famous economists , eight of the best economists in the world , including three Nobel laureates in Copenhagen in 2004 .
We called them the &quot; &quot; dream team . &quot; &quot; And the University of Cambridge decided to marvelously call them Rel Madoff .
It works very well in Europe , but it &apos;s not very understandable here .
And their creation was basically a representation of transcendences .
You might ask , why economists ?
And of course , I &apos;m glad you asked that question — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , of course , if you want to know about malaria , ask the malaria expert .
If you want to know about climate , ask astronomers .
But if you want to know which of these two guys are fighting the first one , you can &apos;t ask any of them , because it &apos;s not their job .
That &apos;s what economists do .
We appreciate it .
They do that kind of hard work by saying what we need to do first and what we need to do next .
So here &apos;s the demonstration I wanted to share with you .
Of course , you can see it on the Internet as well , and I &apos;m sure we &apos;ll talk more about it over time .
They basically came up with a show where they say there &apos;s bad programs , that &apos;s programs where the dollar investment makes more money .
There are good , good programs .
And of course , that &apos;s what we need to start with : very good programs .
I &apos;m going to start at the end of the show to end with the best projects .
These are bad programs .
How can you see the climate change at the end of the show ?
Many people will complain about this , and this is probably one of the cases where people will say , I can &apos;t get it back later .
And I &apos;d like to talk about it , because it &apos;s so interesting .
Why did that happen ?
And I &apos;m going to try to go back to that question , because that &apos;s one of the questions that we &apos;re going to have disagreements with your talks .
Why they say Kyoto , or Kyoto , is a very bad initiative , just because it &apos;s very inefficient .
This doesn &apos;t mean that there &apos;s no global warming .
It doesn &apos;t mean that this problem is not a serious problem either .
The only thing we can do with this question is very little and very expensive .
They basically show us the average model of the economy , which is the Kyoto program , if everybody agrees on it , it will cost 150 billion dollars a year .
This is a huge amount of money .
It passes two to three times a year in the developing world for the developing world .
However , it does make very little sense .
With all models , it &apos;s going to look at the global average of 2100 , just six years .
That is , a man in Bangladesh who is standing in front of 2100 at risk of hydrogen sulfide can wait until 2106 .
Which is a little better , but not much better .
And here we can say , well , we spent a lot of money getting nothing .
As a comparison , the U.N. estimated actually that half of this money , at about 75 billion dollars a year , can solve all the world &apos;s simplest problems .
We can ensure everyone in the world in clean drinking water , in sanitation , in basic health and education .
So we have to ask ourselves , do we want to spend two times more money and do something very positive ?
Or in the middle of that money , doing incredible things .
And that &apos;s why it became a bad program .
That doesn &apos;t mean that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
It means that if we don &apos;t have that much money , it &apos;s not just our primary problem .
The only programs — notice that I &apos;m not going to count all — for example , infectious diseases , primary health care services — are a little higher in this desire , just because , yes , health care is so important .
It can do very good things , but it &apos;s also very , very costly .
In fact , all of this brings us to the notion that we are suddenly located on both sides of the equation .
If you look at the good programs , lots of scenarios and water are coming in .
Again , they &apos;re very important , but they also require a lot of infrastructure costs .
Now , I want to show you the four generations that need to be solving the world &apos;s problems in pre-frontal projects .
The fourth best program is malaria : fight malaria .
A few million people a year get malaria .
Forty can be even a percentage in the U.S.
If we put 13 billion dollars in the next four years , we can double that number .
We can prevent about 500,000 deaths , but more importantly , we can predict the risk of killing a billion people a year .
We &apos;re going to significantly increase their ability to solve many other problems that need to be solved , and , of course , in the long run , the global pressure problem .
The third generation is open-source .
Similarly , if we can get to free trade and particularly reduce consumption in the U.S. and the U.S. , we can give the world economy a new way of living at about 2400 billion dollars a year , which is half of the world &apos;s population .
One , we can say that we can actually get 23 million people out of poverty very quickly , in about two or five years .
This would be the third wonderful thing we could do .
The second good thing is going to be a central issue .
Not just the overall problem of overfishing , but there are very expensive tools to solve the food problem , especially with the microbes .
About half the world &apos;s population is suffering from diarrhea , diabetes , vitamin A.
If we spend 12 billion dollars , we can solve that problem completely .
It may be the second best investment we can do .
And the best projects are going to be the solution to HIV / AIDS .
If we spend 27 billion dollars in the next eight years , we can prevent 28 million of these new cases .
First , how do we do this and what should be focused on , there are two different ways to fight HIV / AIDS .
The first is treatment . The second is prevention .
And again , in the ideal world , we were both .
But if we &apos;re not doing anyone , or we &apos;re not doing a good job , we should probably ask where to put the first one in .
And treatment is much cheaper than predicting .
I mean , it basically shows that we can do much more with predictive programs .
With the money we spend , we can do the right thing by curing the X number , and 10 times better than that , predicting .
And again , we focus more on prevention than on treatment .
It actually makes us think about our transcendence .
I want you to look at your heritage and say , are you right ?
Or are you approaching the desire here ?
One of the problems , of course , is climate change .
I &apos;ve seen a lot of people who don &apos;t think this is the first problem .
We must , of course , work towards climate change , just because it &apos;s a very big problem .
But of course , we can &apos;t solve all the problems .
There are many other problems in the world .
And I just want to make sure that if we &apos;re going to focus on certain problems , they &apos;re the right problems .
Those kinds of problems where we can change a lot , not a lot .
And I think — Thomas Schellinger , one of the teammates of our dream — it &apos;s very good to shape .
People forget that 100 years later , as we speak about the impact of climate change , people will be much , much richer .
Even the most terrorist projections in the United States .
The average person in the developing world will be as rich as we are today .
They &apos;re even more likely to be twice as rich as we are .
And of course , we &apos;re going to be much richer at the time .
But let me tell you , when we &apos;re talking about saving people , or saving 2100 people in Bangladesh , we &apos;re not looking at the poor people in Bangladesh .
We &apos;re actually talking about very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , of course , is , do we want to spend a lot of money and a little bit of help from a rich Dutch 100 years later ?
How do we want to help the real few people in Bangladesh right now who really need our help and who can help us with very little cost ?
Or , as Shereen says , imagine you &apos;re rich , like you &apos;re wealthy , like a Chinese woman , or a U.K. , or a Congolese woman , and you think about 2005 , and she says , &quot; &quot; What a strange thing is , they &apos;re so concerned that they &apos;ll help me deal with climate change a little bit , and they &apos;re certainly not worried about my pop , or my laptop , that
It doesn &apos;t even match our normal thinking about problems .
Of course , mostly because climate change is so well illustrated .
You &apos;ve seen the movie &quot; &quot; after Vienna . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s great , isn &apos;t it ?
It &apos;s a very good movie in the sense that I want to see it anyway , but I don &apos;t expect that Emory will choose to watch the next movie by Brad Pitt , or something like that in Tanzania . ( Laughter ) It &apos;s not just that new movie .
So I think , in many ways , the Convention of Copacabana and the whole debate of corporations dedicates to terrible problems .
So we can realize that this is not all for us to feel good .
And not just to make the jobs that are at the center of the media , but to create the foundation to do better .
The next thing that I think is very important to mention is that I &apos;m somewhere , or we &apos;re making some nowhere .
Of course , we have to do everything in the ideal world , I totally agree .
I think we should do everything , but we don &apos;t .
The developed world in 1970 decided we needed to spend twice as much money on the developing world as it used to be in 1970 .
Since that time , our aid has quadrupled .
In fact , it &apos;s not as if we &apos;re on the way to solving all the major problems .
Also , people say , what about the Iraq War ?
You know , we spent 100 billion dollars . Why don &apos;t we spend that money doing good things around the world ?
I &apos;m talking about that .
If any of you could tell Benjamin about this , it would be very good .
But the fundamental idea is that if we have another 100 billion dollars , we always want to spend the best of all , isn &apos;t it ?
The real question is , let &apos;s go and think about the best imaginations .
I &apos;ll just mention briefly . Do we have the right show ?
When you ask the best economists in the world , you end up inevitably going to be old , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have imaginations about the world .
So we invited 80 young people from all over the world to come and solve the same problem .
It &apos;s only two conditions : they have to learn English and speak English .
Most of them were developing countries .
They had the same materials , but they could significantly come out of the discussion environment , and they did , and they proposed their own demonstrations .
And what was interesting was that the demonstrations were the same , the first round around the problem of disease and climate change at the end .
We did the same thing over and over again .
There were many other examples , and many students came .
They were basically the same size .
And that gave me a lot of hope , really , and I can say that I believe that we need to go some way to start thinking about transcendence , and say , what &apos;s important in the world ?
Of course , in the ideal world , again , we would be happy to do everything .
But if we don &apos;t , then we can start thinking about where we started .
I consider Copacabana Convention as a process .
We did it in 2004 , and we hope to collect more people , and get more information in 2008 , 2012 .
To write the right way for the world , we start to think about political heritage .
Let &apos;s start by thinking , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s not do something that costs a lot of money , not something that we don &apos;t know how to do , but let &apos;s do something that costs an enormous amount of money , and right now . &quot; &quot; Finally , you can &apos;t agree on how to define these civilizations , but we have to be free to say that there are things that we &apos;re doing and that we &apos;re not going to do .
If we &apos;re too worried about some things , we start not worrying about other things .
I hope that this will help us better limit our transitions and think about how best we can help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was teaching at the university , and I was traveling with a friend of mine , Professor Rod Allen , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we were young and working , so we picked a path that was going through the state agencies and national instructions , and in short , we chose the highest possible path .
Somewhere in the Gulf of Dakota , I turn to my friend , and I ask a question that fascinated me over 3,000 miles .
&quot; What does that mean for a Chinese hieroglyphic that I always see on the way ? &quot;
My friend &apos;s looking away at me .
The first round of the bank accounts for that statement .
( Laughter ) I go , &quot; &quot; Well , you know , all the signals that we see on the Chinese character . &quot; &quot; He keeps looking at me for a few seconds , and then he starts laughing , because he understands what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I was talking about .
( Laughter ) This is the famous Chinese heroic hybrid in the space of Pyongyang . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent the past five years of my life thinking about the conditions that are very similar to why we sometimes miscalculate the symbols around us and how we act when it happens , and what that means about our human nature .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent the past five years thinking about being wrong .
You may be surprised to know that I &apos;m going to take this kind of crazy career path , but actually I have a great advantage , an exposure to interaction .
( Laughter ) In fact , many of us do everything to think about being stupid to be wrong , or at least get stupid about thinking that we might be wrong .
In theory , we understand it very well .
We all know that everyone in this room is wrong .
The human species , in general , is wrong , it &apos;s okay .
But when it comes to me , right now , all of the beliefs that I have , in this present time , are all of a sudden daunting about being wrong , and I can &apos;t even imagine something that I &apos;m wrong with .
And this is what the problem is , we all live today .
We go through present-day meetings , we go through present-day meetings , we go out and vote in the present day .
In fact , we all live our lives in a small package of our own right .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think that &apos;s a problem for all of us , as individuals , in our personal and professional lives , as well as all of us , as a society .
So today I want to talk first about why we &apos;re embedded in believing in our own right .
And then why does this matter ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get that emotion out of the way , and if you can do that , it will be the most fundamental , moral , intellectual and creative walk that you can do .
Why are we embedded in the feeling of our own rights ?
One reason has to do with feelings of being wrong .
Let me ask you something , or let me ask you something , because you &apos;re right here . How do you feel when you &apos;re wrong ?
Probably . Very bad .
Shake it . Okay , great .
Fear , very bad , confused , thank you , they &apos;re great answers , but they &apos;re a different answer .
You answer the question : What do you feel when you realize you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The knowledge that you &apos;re wrong can make you feel that way , and other things , right ?
I mean , it could be destructive , like discovery , it could actually be fun , like my stupid mistake in Chinese heritage .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t make any sense .
Here &apos;s an analogy .
Remember the movie of Loony Tunis , where a bunch of monkeys are still watching but never get to a bird .
In virtually every shot , there &apos;s a moment when the waterfall is playing after the bird , and the bird is playing off the field , which is normal , because it &apos;s a bird and it can fly .
But the debate is over .
And here &apos;s what &apos;s interesting , even when you &apos;re six years old , that cholera doesn &apos;t have a problem either .
He keeps playing until the moment he looks down and realizes that the air is there .
And that &apos;s when he got located .
When we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re still not aware of it , we &apos;re like that chicken when it &apos;s in the air , but we &apos;re not looking down .
We &apos;re already wrong , we already have problems , but we feel like everything is good .
But I have to actually go a little further .
To be wrong is like being wrong , it &apos;s like being legal .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , the structural reason , which makes us insist on faith in our own right .
I call it the root cause of error .
In the majority of times , we don &apos;t have any input to remind us that we &apos;re wrong , until very late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason that enables us to always have the confidence to be right , and it &apos;s about our culture .
Remember your school years .
You &apos;re sitting in the classroom , and your teacher spends the test scores , and one of them looks like this .
This is not a meme , by the way .
( Laughter ) And here you are in school , and you know for sure what it feels like to be a child who has written that test work .
He &apos;s now , creating commitments , never doing his homework .
And so , as you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;re already learning , first of all , that people who make mistakes are blind , accountable , and second , that the capacity to achieve success in life is to be greatly wrong .
We &apos;re very good at learning that bad lesson .
And many of us , and I would argue that many of us , especially in this room , have this idea that we should be perfect teachers , perfectionists , superheroes .
I always say , like , headline , racist , Marathon .
( Laughter ) As it turns out , you &apos;re all major leaders , astrophysicists and Martin &apos;s .
Very good .
But in that case , we &apos;re starting to get scared of the idea that we &apos;re somewhere wrong .
Because we know that error means nothing to us .
So we just say we &apos;re right , because it means we &apos;re smart , responsible , full and hopeful .
Let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman named Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for surgery .
Beth Israel is in Boston .
It &apos;s Harvard &apos;s hospital , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So that woman is operating .
He &apos;s disappointed , the surgeon is doing his job , he puts his paintings and he sends the patient in his room , cleaning .
Everything looks good .
The woman gets scared , she looks at herself , and she says , &quot; &quot; Why is the wrong side of my body in the surgery ? &quot; &quot; And her wrong side of it is because the surgeon has surgery on her left side , rather than the other .
When the hospital &apos;s health reporter talked about the accident , he said something very interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , the surgeon has been convinced that he &apos;s on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This story shows that trusting our beliefs that we are on the right side can be very dangerous .
In the belief that we all often have , it &apos;s not a trustworthy narrative for what &apos;s going on in the real world .
But we do the opposite , and we discover the possibility that we can get it wrong , and at that time we &apos;re doing things like , for example , cutting over 750 million light bulbs in Mexico or destroying the global economy .
So this is a huge business problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Imagine for a moment what it means to always feel right .
That means that your beliefs are completely out of place .
And when you think that way , the problem is , how can you explain the fact that some people don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that many of us explain it the same way , by making lots of hypothetical hypotheses .
First of all , when someone reveals their disagreement , we just assume it &apos;s impossible .
He doesn &apos;t have the information that we have , and when we give him that information , he &apos;ll see the right thing and bind it to our candidates .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , it turns out that people have the same facts that we do , but they still have different opinions , we do our second assumption , which is that they &apos;re stupid .
( Laughter ) They have all the images in front of them , but they &apos;re too stupid to make the right presentation .
When it doesn &apos;t happen , when it turns out that people who disagree with us have the same facts that we do , and they &apos;re actually quite smart , we do our third assumption : they know the truth , and they make judgments for their wrong purposes .
So this is terrifying .
Our failure to be right causes us to be wrong when it &apos;s so necessary for us that it causes us to be terrible each other .
But for me , the most extraordinary and powerful thing is that it loses the whole notion of being a human being .
So we want to imagine that our brain is like a transparent window , and we look out the window and we draw life .
We want everybody to look outside the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s not , and if you did , life would be very boring .
Your idea is not that you see the world as it exists .
It &apos;s that you see the world in a special way .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine ourselves in another place .
And we all do it differently , which is why we can all look at the same night sky and see this and see this and this and this .
And yes , for that same reason , we &apos;re also wrong .
Two hundred years ago , Descartes spoke his famous words : &quot; &quot; I think therefore I am . &quot; &quot; Sue Augustine thought and wrote this : &quot; Fallor ergo sum , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , therefore I am . &quot;
Auguste realized that our ability to make errors is not some sort of mortal error in the human system , it &apos;s not something we can destroy or win .
It basically describes us as human beings .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t know what &apos;s actually happening .
And unlike all other species , we &apos;re trying to find the answer to that .
I think the search for this planet is the source of our efficiency and our creativity .
Last year , for some reason , I heard a lot of times about this message called The American Life .
I was listening and listening , and at some point , I started thinking that all stories were going to be wrong .
And my first thought is , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I became a woman who was miserable .
I see mistakes everywhere . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s actually the case .
But a few months later , I had the opportunity to interview Iranian Glass , who is doing that .
I talked to him about it , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we find that each aspect of our communication has the same structure .
And it &apos;s like , &quot; &quot; I thought this thing should happen , but instead it does something else . &quot; &quot; &quot; And the thing is , &quot; &quot; Iran-Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need those moments , those moments of clarity and discovery and mistakes to have those stories . &quot; &quot; And the rest of the people , our representatives and interpreters , they will share those stories .
We love unexpected changes in the muscle , the circumstances and the temporal lobes .
When it comes to stories , we love to be wrong .
But you know , our stories are like that , because that &apos;s how our lives are .
We think something will happen , but something else will happen .
George Bush thought he was going to attract Iraq , he was going to find an army of mass destruction , he was going to liberate people and bring democracy to the Middle East .
But something else happened .
And Helen Mubarak thought that he would be a violent invader throughout his entire life , until he or she would become a very old man or a patient and transmit the government to his son .
But something else happened .
And maybe you thought you were growing up and you married your girlfriend at school , and you had kids together .
But something else happened .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing a very funny book about something that everybody was doing for a young group that never would have been organized .
And something else happened .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
I don &apos;t know it &apos;s good or bad , but we &apos;re creating all these amazing stories about the world , and then the world amazes us .
Don &apos;t forget , but this conference is an incredible reminder of the ability to find our mistakes .
We spend a whole week talking about innovation and progress and improvements , but you know why we need all these innovations , all these advances , all these improvements .
Because half of it , half of all the wonderful things that would change the world , TED back in 1998 , etc .
( Laughter ) They didn &apos;t actually work as they thought . ( Laughter )
Where is my flying machine , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And here we are again .
And that &apos;s what happens .
We come up with another idea .
Here &apos;s another story .
Another organization .
The theme of this conference , as you &apos;ve already heard a thousand times , is the relation of wonder .
I think if you really want to discover something great , you &apos;ve got to get out of that little space of your own right , look at each other , look at the infinity of the universe , the complexity and the humility , and you can say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
On November 5th , 1990s , a man named El-Sidge Noshi went to a Manhattan hotel and killed Rabbi Moi Canyon , the head of the Large Hadron Collider .
Niger was initially considered an innocent killing , but at the same time , spending time on small metrics , he and other people started planning attitudes on dozens of places in New York City , including kidneys , synagogues and the U.S.
Luckily , those plans were pushed by the HFO .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the resistance of the World Trade Center ?
Niger , finally , in the prison system .
El-Said Nezuary is my father .
I was born in Pennsylvania , Pittsburgh , 1983 , with her Egyptian engineers , and my favorite American mother and teacher who were trying to create a happy childhood together .
It started when I was seven years old , our family was dynamically changing .
My father introduced me to the Islamic side , which even some of the Muslims could see .
It &apos;s my experience that when people are interacting with each other , it doesn &apos;t take long to understand that in many cases we all want the same things in life .
Anyway , in any religion , in any democracy , you will find very few percent of the people who are so hyper-connected to their religion , and they think they need to use all the possible means to make others live like themselves .
A few months before his release , he sat down and explained to me that on the first day of the conference , he and his friends were going to go to London for a particular goal .
He told me that the next morning I would go with them .
We &apos;ve reached the Caltech platform , which was largely ignored by the HF .
When my father helped me stay in bed , my father helped me to preserve my son and explain how to steal a paper on about 30 patients .
That day , my last Friday afternoon , it hit a small light on the top of the list , and , to my surprise , everyone , especially me , was killed .
My brother looked at another man and said , in Arabic , &quot; &quot; Ibu Dhabi . &quot; &quot; As his father , as his son .
They all laughed well on that commitment , but a few years later , I completely understood what they thought was so funny .
They thought I saw the same destruction that my father had received .
This man , at the end of the day , had a 3,500 pound peanut button in December to install a full-time minibus at the southern tip of the World Trade Center of the North Atlantic , where six people died and roughly 1,000 people died .
These were the people I was tracking .
These were the people I was calling lunch , which means hospitality .
By the time I turned 19 , I had already turned 20 times in my life , and that instinct in my childhood was not allowed to have many friends .
Every time I started feeling good about someone , it was time to get together and move to another city .
By the time I was in the classroom , I always loved getting my hands .
I was hiding my self in classrooms so that I wouldn &apos;t be a carpenter , but as it turns out , being a carpenter was more than a soldier in classroom .
So I spent most of my time at home reading books , watching television or playing video games .
And because of that , I had a lot of social skills and a lot of family on the planet , I wasn &apos;t ready for real life .
I &apos;ve been taught to judge people by deadly measurements such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiments in my first life that really caught this thought occurred in the early 2000s .
With the help of my college professor , I was able to participate in the National Science Convention Philadelphia .
My group &apos;s attention was about youthful violence , and spending most of my life getting handled — this was an object that I was more interested in .
Our groups depended on different aspects of life .
At the end of one day I found out that one of the children I was with was Jewish .
It took a few days before that truth occurred , and I realized there was no natural disconnect between us .
I had never had a friend of mine , and unfortunately , I felt the privilege of being able to win the crossroads that I believed most of my life was impossible .
Another rounding event came when I found public work in Bosnia at the end of the spectrum .
There , I was expecting various people of different faiths and cultures , and that experience has become a function in the development of my inner community .
I had learned that comparison was a male , and in short , all the aromones had an exclusive effect .
This summer allowed me to work with the Arabs during several weeks , and I soon found out that many of them are the most vulnerable , the least vulnerable people I &apos;ve ever met .
By raising a child with a hand , I &apos;ve created a sense of compassion for other people &apos;s suffering , and it &apos;s very unnatural for me to relate to people in a different way than I &apos;d like them to relate to me .
And because of that feeling , I was able to resist my childhood judgments with my experience and interaction .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be a weapon , but I &apos;m known to be a weapon of something beyond my own power .
And then it was . &quot; &quot; Every evening , John Stewart made me intellectually honest with myself about my planet , and he helped me understand that human racism , religion or sexual orientation , has nothing to do with human nature .
He had been a new model for me for a long time when I needed it .
Remittances can often come from unexpected places , and the fact that the Higgs boson has more positive impacts on my world than my own parent , which does not collapse .
One day , I had a conversation with my mother about the change in the world , and she said something that I will stay in my heart till I live .
He looked at me with the eyes of a man who had sufficient depression for his entire life , and said , &quot; &quot; Wow .
At that time , I understood how much explosive energy it takes to store all that electricity .
Zach Ebert is not my real name .
I changed it when my family decided to finish a relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why am I putting this up and putting myself at risk ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do it hopefully someday that someone who &apos;s condemned to use violence might hear my story and realize that there &apos;s a better way , although I was confronted with that violence , an inevitable idea , but I was not a planet .
Instead , I chose to use my experience to fight terrorism , to fight terrorism .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , for the terrible suffering and loss that has led to their lives .
For the victims of poverty , I &apos;m going to speak up against these meaningless actions and justify my new work .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to stand here as an example that violence is not specific to any religion or race , and it &apos;s not necessarily based on the parties .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you all . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
Imagination represents itself . &quot; &quot; It is what they lose .
&quot; &quot; What &apos;s important to me ?
I want to know the people who are standing behind my lunch .
I want to know how I &apos;m impacting them .
I want to know how they affect me .
I want to know why they &apos;re missing .
I want to know how they &apos;re putting hope in water to make their way .
This understanding of all of this allows us to shift our perception from consumption to our ecosystem as an opportunity to recover .
It allows us to celebrate the virtues that we are grateful for .
So what do we call this ?
I think we call it recycling .
If imagination is the ability to learn and protect , then redesign is the ability to reinvent and develop .
The rising tides provide an opportunity for the developing and dynamic system , and accept our relationship with the ocean as a resource , so that we can engage and engage the ocean and explore its presence .
It &apos;s a more humane and more efficient way to understand our environment .
The demo shows that traditional tools for many people in security are very comfortable , they &apos;re very fast tools .
Green , blue and red want different kinds of crops .
Emotion is very easy , go to the green , stay away from the body , think again before you go to the drug .
But I don &apos;t think it &apos;s enough to eat just the green shows .
We can &apos;t make this happen unless we measure its success by changing the types of situations that are in the dark and the red .
But what if we ate all the green stuff ?
Here &apos;s a cardboard crowned by a cotton toothpaste , a non-dangerous species .
He was killed by cards and not by accident .
It &apos;s good for fish . It &apos;s great money , it &apos;s good for local economies .
But it &apos;s a rainbow , a major night .
What is the essence of this food ?
Do I carry 450 grams ?
Do I do it three times a week ?
I may still want green , but I &apos;m not for you and I &apos;m not for the ocean .
The other thing is that we need to have antibiotics , all these things that we do .
For example , I heard that the red gene is very healthy , the nitrogen and the minerals are useful for the heart .
Fantastic . I love the red guy .
I &apos;m so sorry , I &apos;m so healthy .
Well , how many times are you going to tell me that I have a problem ?
On average , we have a white problem .
We &apos;ve lost a sense of scale when it comes to our food , and we pay for it .
The question is , we hide that value below the bars .
We hide that value by accepting a goodbye from society .
And we &apos;re hiding that value down below the income .
So the meaning of resurrection plants is that it matters what we need .
The upcoming crops can be better represented , not by Jaws , not by Filippi or by Gordon Girls , but by Goly Girlfriend .
They can save the ocean .
Silicon Valley likes to say that blue is a new green .
Well , I &apos;m also going to say that the green of the protein can be a new blue .
We need to continue to eat the best meals if , of course , we all eat .
But we also have to eat it with lots of prisoners .
The best part of the surveillance revenue is that it comes from a half circle , a few taboos and a few keyboards .
It &apos;s a 142-gram pilgrimage of Tilonia with a baby and a chicken made out of cloth , and the queen filled with a colleague of oil with a tiny , tiny friction of carbon and a tiny bit of it with a vapor with a vapor .
Oh .
It &apos;s easy to sell .
And what &apos;s great about it is that all of these products are available for all the families that live around Walmart .
Jimmy Orliver is fighting to save America from what we &apos;re eating now .
Silicon Valley is struggling to save oceans from what we eat .
Here &apos;s an example .
Death of mediocrity . We have to be afraid of combat .
We called the Earth , and then we started using our food that we created to make our lives worse .
So I think what we eat is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time to change our expectations of food .
Curiosity is something , but lunch is a reality that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
There have been many movements recently to stop our food system .
Dane Barbara and Alice Walters routinely lead the Green Revolution .
But green food constantly assumes a lack of awareness about the responsibility of food .
Just because it &apos;s produced doesn &apos;t mean that we should be paying attention to it in our space .
There &apos;s a little bit of environmental concern .
We can make them . We have that technology .
But we can never have a pre-environmentally frightened food box .
It &apos;s not possible .
Health for the heart is very important for recovery .
As we lower case fossil fuels , the media is making more money .
Research shows that tens of thousands of American mothers , fathers , mothers and fathers can give birth to one more birth if we include more relatives .
That &apos;s the part that I don &apos;t want to be .
But it &apos;s not just about celebrity .
It &apos;s about how we look at our oceans .
As a high-fiving breakthrough , I realize that the easiest thing for me to do is to lower the metric in the browser .
One or two things will change .
I &apos;ll make more money .
People are starting to buy potatoes and potatoes because they knew they weren &apos;t going to win .
People spent more time eating them and interacting with each other .
In short , people got more than they expected , even though they got less white .
They got more calories because of various food .
They got healthier . I made more .
That &apos;s great .
The environmental approach has been shown with every dimension , but it &apos;s also shown in the context of the human race .
The other thing we did was we started to multiply different types of displays : small language screens , newspapers , beginnings , Syrians .
The bridges , the microbes , the sisters , the campers , the Tibetan , the general kind of camels .
We &apos;re directing farms towards more precision , towards more inclusive , rewilding differences .
That &apos;s what we have to appreciate .
This is what the green desire says .
But it &apos;s also how we can rebuild our environment .
And what &apos;s in those big shipwrecks , those sort of modular , green-like things that I talked about earlier .
Okay , if I should , I have a synthesis for you .
It &apos;s very comfortable with any big fish in the ocean , here it is .
Start the big fish at 450 grams .
Take the tuna . Four out of the fish .
Put them in four vertices .
Take those four blades with a hammer , and then open the best blessing you have in Buddha , grab those blades and hold them .
Give it a chance to eat .
Please welcome your friends and your loved ones and repeat them once a year , perhaps .
I have a lot of food .
I focus on health and joy and family and community .
I think producing products , producing food and consuming are part of human interest .
My fortunate insight was that my father was a great cook .
And I learned much later about the benefits of eating .
I remember eating my childhood very well .
They included white competition , and they showed high doses of fertilizer and low oxygen , usually with bread .
I usually eat like this today .
I get sick when I go to a mosquito restaurant .
I start crying .
It &apos;s like a white guy .
It &apos;s exciting .
But the scariest thing you &apos;ll hear and you &apos;ve heard about our ocean situation is that I &apos;ve been asked to tell you that perhaps the worst thing you &apos;ve ever heard is that your mother was right .
Three strokes .
That &apos;s very true .
So what we &apos;re looking for in food .
For obesity , I &apos;m looking for useful ingredients that are useful for my body .
For the public , I look for things that are fast and slow and appealing that I don &apos;t think will change .
For my family , I look for compounds that come from my own personal history .
And for the community , we start from scratch .
It &apos;s not possible to get rid of this idea that what we eat has a global impact .
So try and learn best about what that effect is , and then step one to reduce it .
We saw our blue planet , our global bank .
But it &apos;s more than just the preserve of our resources , it &apos;s also the global literacy of the community that we call the process .
So if we all take what we need , we start sharing the rest , we start building , we start building .
We need to eat prisoners .
We need to eat small quantities of fruit .
And we need to save the food .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my story of how it became part of HIV / AIDS .
This is also my cartoon name , Sing .
In November 2003 , I was invited to participate in the 4664 foundations of Nelson Mandela , which is the foundation of his HIV / AIDS .
And 4664 is the number that Mandela wore when Robbins were incarcerated .
Here &apos;s me , Bombay , one of the great moments in my life .
The following day , all the artists were invited by Roosevelt , to come together in Mandela , where he was going to be ready to spend some time in the world &apos;s monuments standing next to his original prison window .
And you can see the window here .
It was a huge event for all of us .
Right now , Mandela discovered in the world that there is a real tragedy happening in his country , that there are thousands of people dying every day in this Palestinian country , and that the barrier represents more vulnerable groups , women and children .
This had a huge impact on my thinking , because I &apos;m a woman and a mother , and I didn &apos;t realize that the increase in HIV / AIDS was exactly this effect on women .
So I went to work when I left South Africa , when I left Cape Town , and I screamed at myself , &quot; &quot; This is what I need to do .
I need you to serve me for your purpose . &quot; &quot; And so in the process , I engaged in every organization of 4664 that I &apos;ve been given , and I watched Mamela &apos;s audiences , interviews , using my best talks as a musician , speaking to Mamela &apos;s degree of integrity and hopefulness for her great work .
Everyone in the world respects Nelson Mandela , and everyone in the world grows Nelson Mandela .
But do everyone know what &apos;s going on in South Africa , in their own country , the highest rates of transmission of HIV / AIDS .
I think if I can go out and tell people what &apos;s going on there , they &apos;re just going to fall down .
I was very , very lucky , two years later , meeting the Zetas , the Treatment Action Campaign , which is the foundation of an unimaginable field and an activist .
I met him in one of 4664 facilities .
He was wearing this kind of sports army that I &apos;m wearing now .
This is already a tool . It tells you that I am in partnership with people living with HIV , people living with HIV .
And so , because this grandmother seems to be kind of a spokesperson for friendship , I say , &quot; Yes , we can talk about this problem . &quot;
It doesn &apos;t have to be . I became a member of the Treatment Action Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud to meet this organization .
This is a declaration made by ordinary people , and 80 percent of the participants are women who are HIV-positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They &apos;re giving huge amounts of help to people who live under the condition of behavior .
They have education programs .
They ask questions about the desire path .
It &apos;s actually quite ugly .
And yes , my &quot; &quot; Singing &quot; &quot; career advocates for the Treatment Action Campaign , which is an attempt to raise the levels of HIV / AIDS and also to raise money for the past .
The vast majority of the funding that I was able to get was immediately went to the Treatment Action Campaign and apply it to the incredible work that they do , and they &apos;re still doing it in South Africa .
So this is my &quot; &quot; Sing &quot; &quot; cartoon .
I &apos;m basically the third or fourth most brilliant people who help and support me .
I &apos;ve traveled around the world for the last two and a half years , and I &apos;ve been in 12 different countries .
Here I am , in Oslo , Norway , getting a classic amount of money , and here I am , singing in Congo , trying to make people make money in Arabic .
In Youngburg , I had the opportunity to play mainly in the middle of the spectrum , in the middle of the spectrum , in the middle of the spectrum of Southern Africa , who eventually got bored , because I used my own movies that really hit the heart of this terrible vulnerability and its full essence , and people were forced to avoid , because they were angry , and they
Adam Molwell , the present Health Prime Minister , also had this series , and I had the opportunity to meet him , and he was suddenly able to make changes in that sector that needed so much .
And this is from Scotland .
Since then , I &apos;ve become a refugee in Scotland against HIV .
I showed them my experience , and again , I was trying to raise the level of freedom of HIV .
Here &apos;s Mike Edinburgh with the kids of the wonderful African National Church Group that I just love .
And many babies like these are already children , because their parents have been HIV-infected .
And here in New York , I &apos;m sitting behind Mitchell Sidebu , who is the director of UNAIDS .
And for me , it was a great honor that Michael invited me just a few months ago to become at UNAIDS to fight HIV .
And that &apos;s exactly what I do when I &apos;m speaking , is I expand my vocabulary .
The message that UNAIDS is trying to make the world heard today is that we want to effectively uncover the transmission of HIV / AIDS to children from death to 2015 .
That &apos;s a pretty likely goal , but we believe that it can be done with the support of political voters .
It &apos;s just possible .
And here I am with a woman who is approaching HIV , and we are cheering , and we are cheering , because we are very confident , because we think that this young woman is taking care of her , and that her life can be repaired so that she can take care of the child who is ready to take care of her world .
And her child will get an AIDS virus from her mother , preventing a drug that means that the child can be born without a virus .
Now this is the prediction of viruses at the very beginning of life .
And that &apos;s exactly how you should measure the life of HIV .
Now I just want to finish by telling you a little story about Avalley .
This is Allegion . He &apos;s with me wherever I go .
I tell all of her story , because she &apos;s one of the millions of children , the millions of children who have lost AIDS .
Algeria &apos;s mother was HIV-infected , and she died of AIDS .
Avelillin was also pregnant , and she was born with this virus .
This is a picture of a seven-year-old child with no skin .
In that part of his life , he was already diagnosed with HIV , and he was suffering from pneumonia .
We met him at one of the Eastern Hospital in Cape Town , and we spent a whole week following him , just an amazing kid .
And doctors and nurses just couldn &apos;t see .
They had a very special feed system for her daughter , and they followed her and they loved her .
And at the time of breaking the hospital , we didn &apos;t know if he would win this .
So it was obviously a very emotional meeting , which allowed us to memorize this child , you know , his story .
Five months later , we went to South Africa to meet Alley again .
I &apos;m squeezing . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hands .
They &apos;ve been shown because I know what I &apos;m going to show you .
This is the transformation that happened .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Applause ) This scope of treatment is actually for hospital doctors and nurses who were passionate about Alilia .
Suppose you have a similar character .
So I want to ask each and every one of you , if you think that every mother and child in the world has a right to have a nutritious and effective health issue , and you believe that the Development Goals of the United States , particularly the fifth- and sixth- and sixth-graders , who must inevitably be among every government in the world , in Africa , will you invest in Africa ?
I think it &apos;s true to say that almost all of the people in the Dutch have stopped .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Good light : Consciousness is a wonderful way to go from reality , and it allows us today to do what science is all about tomorrow .
As a cyborg , I &apos;m putting together artifacts of emotion and science to make you feel the future of technology .
You &apos;ve probably all heard of the Google Glass project .
It &apos;s a new technology . You create the city , and the world you see is mixed with information — information , memories , buildings , maybe someday even with the names of the passengers that you have on the street .
This is my mental model .
It &apos;s a bit bigger . It &apos;s demographics .
When you look through the cube , you &apos;re actually transferring the brain of the hippocampus .
Now I &apos;m going to show you what I mean .
We only need paper . Every toy .
Like this . Let &apos;s say we know next time we see it .
Very good . Very important sign .
Let &apos;s put it in a town , in the middle , and start .
( Music ) Hi . The system is ready . The pieces are interfered .
Mark Tempest : For those of you who don &apos;t work with paper , I say it has four different signals : love , praise , praise and praise .
Play-Doh is one of the most prestigious reporters that &apos;s been interviewed in various ways .
Now some people think that four symbols represent four meanings a year .
E : Oink , oink , oink , oink , oink , oink . My favorite way to put it is , oink . Yeah , yeah .
Wheat is like magic . It &apos;s like heat is turned into ice , water is turned into ice , and then everything is disappearing .
Each sign has 13 players . ( Music ) You . Each toy represents 13 pounds of sunlight .
MM : So here &apos;s the information , there &apos;s the continuity , there &apos;s the light in the middle .
Hi . The picture is one of the most fierce aspects of empathy .
There are two colors in the MT segment .
Here &apos;s the body and the sun beating up at night and the gray aperture .
Hi . Mucus , I didn &apos;t know you could do that . ( Laughter ) MM : And is there any paradox that the toy has 52 cards , as is 52 weeks old ?
( Music ) Yes . If you put any signs on all the paper , you get 365 .
MT : Oh , 365 , the number of days per birth is the number of days per birth .
Many stayed . ( Screams ) Screw . Screw it up , it &apos;s not real .
MM : My birthday was sixth birthday , and I had my first video games , and from that day on , I traveled all over the world , adding growth to boys and girls , boys and women , their mothers and their daughters , and even the birds and dragonflies . ( Applause ) Who are they ? Mike . Yeah , they &apos;re all grown-ups . You know
Fair enough .
Jacques . Hi . Matt . Are you ready for your show ?
Josh . I &apos;m ready . Matt . And then we &apos;ll see what you have .
Jacques . I &apos;m putting on my shoulder .
Matt . Be colorful . Jack . Hi , hey , hey . ( Music ) Matt . But today I present to the audience .
I present to you .
Hello . The toy is discovered . MTM : Sometimes people ask , how can you become fun ? Should you work at 9.5 ?
Of course not . The dad should be in 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t mean literally 24 hours a week , seven days a week .
24 / 7 is a little extreme , but of course this is all work . Some people will say growth is not a supernatural force . ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Music ) No .
I just said no , no .
In Germany , it sounds &quot; &quot; only , but . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The truth is not so intuitive , although I have to warn you that if you play with a smart player , that &apos;s how you shake cards with money .
( Music ) Hello . Why not ? Okay .
The odds are 416 to one .
MM : Yeah , but I think my cartoons are better . We &apos;re going to win .
Hello . I think your birthday dream came true . Matt , and so I &apos;m getting close to the last and most important toy in terms of the toy .
Unlike everything we &apos;ve seen , it doesn &apos;t matter virtually , it doesn &apos;t matter , it doesn &apos;t matter . It is . It &apos;s discovered by cards .
Digital Mac . This is true anyway .
MM : Goodbye . ( Music ) Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I want to show you what I &apos;ve been working on recently .
I learned a few things over the course of 30 hours .
That &apos;s part of the challenge of taking photos every day .
I was never that tall .
It &apos;s scary .
In fact , they &apos;re really fun .
( Applause )
I was good at school . My students were big , and I was fortunate enough to live the life of the students , of the classrooms , of the talks and of the streets .
I was actually very difficult , unsafe and completely terrified , terrified of people , future , failure and the judgment that I felt inside me .
I finished the seminar , and I went when it started , singing with my thoughts , playing with my skirts , just like many of you would expect to do when I suddenly heard a voice saying , &quot; He &apos;s coming out of the room . &quot;
I looked around , there was no one , but the clarity of knowledge and curiosity was the opposite .
&quot; He opens the door . &quot;
This was the beginning . I started listening .
And it went on for days and weeks , reproducing the third face of everything I was doing .
&quot; He &apos;s going to class . &quot;
It didn &apos;t have to be different , and it didn &apos;t have to be strange , even though I noticed that the loudness of the sound changed , and it sometimes exposed my own unspeakable feelings .
So , for example , if I was drunk and I had to hide what I used to do by hiding my emotions , then the sound was loud .
There was a kind of analysis going on , the assumption that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I believed there was something wrong with that .
I told the doctor at the beginning .
And ironically , I needed curiosity and help , and I started telling him about my strange uncle .
For example , I was a student television class who was sending news at the university , and during a meeting with the psychiatrist , who was very late , I said , &quot; &quot; Hey , doctor , I have to go .
That &apos;s when things started to grow faster .
I started out with a patient , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and most of all was that I had a sense of hopelessness and infliction , a sense of shame that I had and a sense of distance .
But being intended to perceive that sound as not as an experience , but as a symptom , fear has become more intense to perceive it .
At that time , it was essentially introducing myself to a kind of adventurous adventure in my own mind , a kind of spiritual political war , and this caused his generation of voices that were being banned and consumed .
Can you see the water ?
In fact , fear , humiliation , insecurity and uncertainty started in the middle of it , and it was a struggle where I felt insecure and unable to achieve peace and skill .
Two years later , the surgery was negative .
Until now , I had the entire record of the cat — terrible sounds , unusual videos , strange and contemporary talks .
Now looking back at those years of frustration and hopelessness , it seems to me that someone had died at the time , while someone else had survived .
A broken and disappointed man began that journey , but that person who had sometimes arrived had been detained and ultimately became the person I was lucky enough to be .
A lot of people have given me my life , and I remember all of them , but these memories become rich and dumb , compared to the memories of people helping me .
I know Emily is going to win her disease .
You know , sometimes the mother is in your sleep , but the word is out at the end . &quot; &quot; For four minutes it &apos;s not enough to count all the good and ugly people who fought with me and for me , and those who waited to come back from that suffering alone .
At first , it was very difficult to believe it , because the voices were so loud and so consuming , so the first important step in this sense was to unpack the metaphorical meaning of learning , which I used to be quite literal .
For example , the voices that were required to stay in my home , I learned to negotiate my own idea of fear and insecurity as a real danger .
At first , I believed them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting in front of my parents &apos; room , protecting them from noise consumption that I thought was real .
That &apos;s what I felt at that moment . &quot; &quot; Get out of here .
Do you know I have a Palestinian refugee ? &quot; &quot; My war .
By knowing all this , I was recently collecting my surrogate daughters , each one of the abusive voices , and I was gradually required from all the abusive institutions , just this time from a different perspective .
Now I &apos;m very proud to be part of an international organization of people listening to the sounds of the voices , a project that has gotten his idea from Professor Marie Romeo and Dr. Sandan Escher &apos;s work , who believes that listening is a phenomenon of survival , in the case of early interactions , not a schizophrenia , but a schizophrenia ,
This kind of stability is not only possible , but it &apos;s also in its development path .
In the words of Chaz , if there &apos;s social change , then it &apos;s visible .
You can &apos;t send a person who &apos;s proud .
You can &apos;t press people who are no longer afraid .
Over the last 20 years , the movement of the people listening to the sounds has created in 26 countries in five countries , together , in partnership with the prior establishment of trust , collaboration , unification and laws , in order to create new languages and hope that inspires people with strangers and power .
As Peter Lawin said , it &apos;s an animal that &apos;s designed to deal with the essential nature of treatment and the spirit of using that insight .
In this sense , there is no greater burden for the members of society than to make it easier for the treatment of the patient to witness , to remove the aid , to share the pain of the patient and to hope for their health .
We are exhausted . We are displaced .
What &apos;s inside of us can never really be bothered , changed or removed .
The light never comes out .
As one great doctor once said to me , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m sorry about what others have said about you .
You are a war on you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to show my pictures .
But is this a photograph ?
Of course , these are pictures you can &apos;t get from your photographs .
I got interested in photography when I got my first digital photography office at 15 .
It was confused with my curiosity tomorrow , but it was a little different , because the process is more prototypical .
When you take a picture with your life , the process is over when you press the button .
And for me photography means more to be in the right position .
It felt like everyone could do it .
And I wanted to create something different where the process begins when you shake the flap .
These are pictures like this : road manufacturing .
But there &apos;s an unexpected circle .
And yet , they &apos;re part of reality .
Or there are images like this that are both dead and profitable , but everybody has a common goal to preserve a part of reality .
When I say reality , I mean photo-reality .
Because , of course , these images are not actually possible , but I always want them to look like this , as if they were somehow possible to photograph them .
Photography takes a moment to think about a little bit to discover the potential .
And this has given birth to more ideas than ever before .
But what makes it so real ?
Is the secret to the details , the color of the head ?
Maybe it &apos;s about light ?
What creates all this ?
Sometimes it &apos;s very remote .
But ultimately , it &apos;s all about how we imagine the world and what we might call reality on a two-dimensional scale .
This is not so real , but what we think is real .
I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as portraits of reality where you can take multiple parts of reality and combine them to get another reality , an alternative reality .
Let me give you an example .
Here we have three physical objects that we can easily imagine in the 3-D world .
But by being connected in a different way , we can create something else that &apos;s again three-dimensional , as if this is possible .
But at the same time , we know it &apos;s impossible .
So we &apos;re bumping into our brains because the brain just doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s insignificant .
I see the same process in the construction of photographs .
It &apos;s just a combination of reality .
Photographs are more real , I think , the ones we don &apos;t even think about , the things that surround us all the time .
But in the process of putting together images , it &apos;s really important to take into account this , because otherwise something goes wrong .
I &apos;d like to point out three fundamental laws that need to be followed by reality to achieve results .
As you can see , these pictures are not that special .
But by combining them , we can get images like this .
The first rule is that paintings should have the same intentions .
Secondly , the photosynthesis needs to have the same light .
These two pictures correspond to two rules : they &apos;re made of the same altitude and the same light .
Third , you have to imagine that it &apos;s impossible not to differentiate where you start and end up with your own images , making them without ambiguity .
There has to be any idea of making images .
By mixing colors , concentration and photosynthesis between the boundaries of different images , by adding photosynthesis details , like , for example , color blindness , and increasing digital noise , we &apos;re tracking the differences between different images and making it one single image , even though a painting can have hundreds of layers .
Here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) It may seem like this is just a picture of nature , and only the bottom part is changed .
But this picture is actually composed of all sorts of places .
It seems to me that it &apos;s actually much easier to make an environment than to find a place like this , because in that case , you don &apos;t have to go through the ideas .
But it takes a lot of preparation .
So this idea stuck , and I knew I had a few months to prepare for this image to get a bunch of events .
For example , this fish was shot during fishing .
They &apos;re taken from elsewhere .
Some of the areas of Jay were shot in the snow .
And one of the things I did was I made a little red to make it look more historical .
To really get the results , it &apos;s all about planning .
I always start out obsessed , obsessed .
So I started collecting different images .
This is all well designed .
And if you &apos;re a good photographer , the result can be quite beautiful and also quite real .
And here &apos;s the thing , and the only thing that limits our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julia , good luck .
It &apos;s been announced that Wikipedia , your little kid , has been publishing more classified documents in the last few years than any other media in the world .
Could that be true ?
Julian Assange . Yeah , could that be true ?
Isn &apos;t it ironic that the rest of the world &apos;s reporters are doing so badly that a small group of activists can get more of that information than the rest of the world combined ?
CA : How does that work ?
How do people steal documents ?
And how do you secret them ?
JA : So these are , as far as we can tell , classical discoveries , and we have a lot of ways for them to get information to us .
And we &apos;re only using the highest secret of the Internet to send all of the materials around the Internet , to hide traces , to go through various events such as Sweden and Bali to use legal recruitment .
We get information in drops , in basic , written or not , in a simple media organization , and we publish , which is sometimes very difficult to do when you talk about a huge amount of information — we publish it in public and then we protect ourselves from unprecedented legal and political connections .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure that documents are true , but you actually never know the source code .
JA : Right , yeah . We &apos;re very rarely going to know it , and if we discover it in any given way , then that information will probably collapse .
( Gunshot ) Gunshot .
( Laughter ) CA : I think it &apos;s KPIs , it &apos;s asking what &apos;s the code for TED Conference . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
This is what happened a few years ago on your side .
If we can see this document ...
So this is a story from a few years ago in Kenya .
Can you tell us what happened and what happened ?
JA : So this is Carl &apos;s talk .
This was a secret study done by the government of Kenya after the 2004 election .
Before 2004 , Kenya was run by Daniel Rap More , about 18 years old .
She was a doctor in Kenya .
And when the Kabila government passed , thanks to a bunch of coalitions that were trying to clean Kenya from corruption , they engaged this partnership , spent about two million pounds on a conspiracy .
And then the government stopped and used it as a political solution to Mau , who was the poorest man , and is now the poorest man in Kenya .
This is the ultimate goal of genetic literacy .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get it right before the national elections , on December 28 .
When we presented this talk , it was three days after the new project , Kibera , decided to interact with the person who had come out with Daniel Rap Mau , and this conference was immediately introduced to the project of Kibera .
GA : And in short , the conversation about congestion was not about the law enforcement , it was about the outcome of elections .
JA : There you go . And this is the headline of Greenland , and then it was printed across all the countries around Kenya — Tanzania and South Africa .
And that &apos;s how it got out of the way .
And that , after a couple of days , became the reason that Kenya &apos;s mother spoke about it .
It went on for 20 days with a combination of chemical TV , and voting changed by 10 percent according to a conventional poll , which changed the outcome of elections .
CA : Wow , is the information that &apos;s coming out of you fundamentally changed the world ?
JA : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : Now we &apos;re just going to show you a short video of the Braddock airbag .
The video itself is longer . But here &apos;s the short video .
This is a powerful seat , I have to warn you .
Radio : The writer throws it away , and it &apos;s their home .
I see your object , well , they have about four cords , um , yeah .
Adam &apos;s freedom . All right . Shake .
Tell me when you hug them . Get them .
Green .
Well , smile .
( Cheering ) Keep on crying . Keep on crying . ( Cheering ) Keep on crying .
The Hurricane Mountain Hurricane Mountain Hurricane .
We need to move now .
Well , we got involved in the slow motion .
Now , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still crying .
Roy : I bought them .
Two , this is Kyoto . We &apos;re moving .
Hey , come on . What &apos;s going on ?
Chef : Cheese . Okay , here we go . I hate them .
CA : What did that do ?
JA : The people who worked on it were enormous .
Finally , we sent two psychologists to Braddock , a story to study more detail .
This is just the first of three trials that happened in that space .
CA : And I want to say that 11 people died in that condition , yeah , that &apos;s two Ruters &apos; work .
JA : There you go . Two Ruters jobs , two little children were killed .
Between 18 and 26 people died .
CA : And that presentation has become the result of further anguish .
What was the real reason for emotion ?
JA : I don &apos;t know , I think people can see a great deal of power .
Here you see men walking barefoot on the street , and then there &apos;s an Apollo 8 8 mile in the air , and there &apos;s a 30 million-foot drop on all of them , finding all kinds of stories to do that , and killing people who are saving the data .
And there were two programmers there that were simple that they weren &apos;t , because it &apos;s their job .
CA : I mean , the U.S. research analysis , Brandel Manning , who &apos;s been overwhelmed , and it turns out that in the discussion , he has conquered this video as well as 280,000 registered cameras in America .
Is it ?
JA : Well , we announced that we got these remoters .
He was convicted about five days ago in receiving 150,000 remoters and reporting 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we were reporting a distance from the American Democratic Republic , but that doesn &apos;t mean that one is connected to the other .
I think I was one of those commonplace visits .
CA : And if you get the U.S. Digital Democrats , you get thousands of telescopes .
JA : We reported them . ( CA : Yes ? ) JA : There you go . ( CA : How about that ? ) JA : Well , because these kinds of materials show us what the actual status of military governments are , what the actual protections of human rights are in those governments .
If you look at the detailed remoters , you &apos;ll understand what materials are .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
So , in general , what is your philosophy ?
Why is it that the pursuit of secret information is right ?
JA : Well the question is , what kind of information in the world is important , what kind of information can make a difference .
And there &apos;s a lot of information .
When corporations are spending economic efforts to gather information , it &apos;s a very good indication that when that information is produced , there is hope that it will be something good , because the organizations that are best known know about it are older than their parents , they spend their work to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we see in the experience , and that &apos;s the story of the public .
CA : But isn &apos;t it a danger that is not a danger for the person involved or the truth , for the whole of society , that the outcome can actually have unintended consequences ?
JA : We haven &apos;t seen anything like this because of our stuff .
So we have policies of understanding victims .
We have a particular way of working with personal information .
But there are also the secrets of truth . You know , for example , your information after your doctor — that &apos;s the secret of the truth — but we &apos;re working with the discoveries that we &apos;re dealing with .
CA : So their foundations are good .
And what you would say , for example , is somebody &apos;s parents , who is a victim of the U.S. military , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve presented something that someone has presented with a particular promise .
It shows one soldier in the United States , laughing , dying .
It leaves the impression — it leaves the impression , among millions of people around the world , that the U.S. military is inhuman .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How do you think ? &quot; &quot; What would you say ?
JA : Now , we hear that a lot .
But remember , people in London , in Iraq , in Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the video . They see it every day .
So it &apos;s not going to change their minds . It &apos;s not going to change their minds .
That &apos;s what they see every day .
It will change people &apos;s perceptions and thoughts that pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So you &apos;ve found a way to shine light on what you think are the secret secrets of companies and government .
Light is good .
But isn &apos;t there a problem with the fact that to photograph you need to create your own secrets around your sources ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say that . I mean , we still don &apos;t have a Victoria alphabet .
We don &apos;t have the resources to be the alphabet of other sources .
If they &apos;re famous , there &apos;s going to be a lot of law for us , but we &apos;re supposedly acting upon people to feel very strongly compelled to keep our cleanliness , not to steal it .
CA : I &apos;d actually like to , based on just our hearing aids — I &apos;m interested in knowing what TEDTalks think .
You know , there can be two types of Wikipedia and Juliet .
You know , hero , professor hero , brings this important light .
Dangerous predator .
Who thinks he &apos;s a hero ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JA : Well done . A few will .
CA : That &apos;s a tough job , Julia , a tough job .
We need to try a little bit . Let &apos;s show them another example .
There &apos;s something you haven &apos;t done yet , but I think for TED you do .
I mean , it &apos;s an interesting story that &apos;s just happened , right ?
What is this ?
JA : So this is a lesson , something we do every day .
Last year , in November , there have been several events in the U.K. , like the Mexican border , but not that big .
And we got a conference , an architectural analysis of the event , which said that actually , the employees of security services in some respects , actually , of the companies that were struggling with them .
And that some of the alliance government had something to do with it , etc . , etc .
And the architectural manifestation had nothing on top of it , which is why it was a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t improve it because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what it was about .
That &apos;s why we were a little bit overwhelmed , thinking that maybe some company out there was trying to use fire .
So we presented it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re really approaching this .
We don &apos;t know , but what can we do ?
It looks normal , it looks like it &apos;s right , but we can &apos;t fix it . &quot; &quot; And then we got a message just this week from the company that she wrote , and she wanted to find the source . ( Laughter ) And she said , &quot; &quot; Look , we want to find the source . &quot; &quot; And we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , tell you more .
In fact , what paper is it about ?
Can you show that you had a legal right to that document ?
Does it really matter to you ? &quot; &quot; So they sent us this series where the name of the author was written in the case of Microsoft Word .
Now .
( Applause ) Those things have happened a lot .
This is one of the ways in which we identify any material , try and write messages to these people .
CA : There it is . Have you had any information from the Bible ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot of it , but we &apos;re currently undergoing serious debate and engineering efforts .
That &apos;s why our talks have become less annoying over the last few months because we &apos;re remembering systems because of the social curiosity that we &apos;re seeing .
That &apos;s a problem .
Like any kind of new organization that &apos;s growing , we &apos;re kind of caught up with our growth , and that means that we get a tremendous amount of discoveries , but we don &apos;t have enough people to check and check this information .
CA : And is that the primary driver , primarily journalistic and journalistic work ?
JA : Now , trustworthy people .
I mean , we &apos;re a competition that &apos;s hard to grow very quickly , because of the kind of material that we &apos;re working with , and therefore we have to redefine it so that you have people who are going to engage with the highest-risk materials of nationwide and then with lower risk cases .
CA : So let us personally understand you and how this works .
And I think I read that when you were a kid , you were 37 different schools .
Is it ?
JA : Well , my parents worked in cinema , and then they broke off the billboard , so both of them ...
( Laughter ) CA : The psychologist might say that this is a paranoid development component .
JA : What &apos;s the matter of China ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : And also , I want to tell you , you were also an early man and talked early on with government .
JA : Well , I was a journalist .
You know , I was an early writer .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I was looking for it .
That &apos;s why you have to be color with words .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for different things .
Unfortunately , at this moment , it &apos;s most used by Russian software to sell your grandmother &apos;s bank accounts .
That &apos;s why this phrase is not as pleasant as it was in time .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t think you &apos;re selling a grandmother &apos;s bank account , but what about your core values ?
Can you give us some insight into them and maybe some methods in your life that help limit them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure .
But the basic values — well , the assumption is that adults don &apos;t create weapons ; they feed the wolves .
And it &apos;s something that comes from my father and from other people , from adults who have lived through my life .
CA : And as a result , older people are not born crazy ; are they eating them ?
JA : There you go . And you know , I &apos;m a drunk man , so it &apos;s not my thing , but there &apos;s another way to feed the drunks , which is to control the crime .
And it &apos;s something that has been a part of my birth for a long time .
CA : Just to give us a sense of what happened in Iceland in the last minute .
In fact , you presented something there , you had problems with a bank , and then you were told by local journalists that the story wasn &apos;t published .
Instead , they advertised your presentation .
Which made you very similar in Iceland . And then what happened ?
JA : Yeah , that &apos;s a great case , you know .
Iceland went through this financial crisis .
For every country , it was the software .
His bank district was the tenfold of his remaining economy in the U.S.
Anyway , we presented this conference last year in July .
And it was reported on national television five minutes before it went away , and as a woman , the report appeared on the news table , and the reader of Luria was confused , &quot; This never happened before . What should we do ? &quot;
Well , instead of just showing the site at the time , as a result , and we became very famous in Iceland , and we went to Israel and talked about this issue .
And there was a chance in the community that this would never happen , and as a result , with some political leaders in Iceland and with some international legal experts , we created a new kind of law for Island to become the freest mountain in the world with the most powerful press conferences and free speech .
Iceland is a Scandinavian country , and for that , like Norway , it can be used by the system .
And just a month ago , it was just accepted by the Israeli flag .
CA : Wow .
( Applause ) Last question , Julia .
When you think about the future , you think it &apos;s more likely that the Big Bang will give us more , will we have more secrets , will we observe the Big Bang , will we still have to decide ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure it &apos;s going to work .
That means there &apos;s a tremendous pressure between the legislation of freedom of speech and the legislation of transparency between the U.S. and China and the U.S.
Where &apos;s the cure for development ? It &apos;s hard to say .
And that &apos;s why we live in a very interesting time , because with just a little bit of effort , we can move it around or around .
CA : Well , it seems to me that I &apos;m putting the audience out , saying Julian , you &apos;re emotional , you &apos;re powerful and you &apos;re powerful .
JA : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
My name is always .
And 18 months ago , I had another job in Google , and I presented this idea to my leader , who is here today , and he allowed me to come up with this idea .
And it took 18 months .
I can tell you about very interesting relationships and stories with 17 interesting urban refugees .
But I &apos;m going to focus on the population .
There are many stories about what we decided to do with this project .
I think my personal punchline is very specific on the slide , and it &apos;s about access .
I grew up in India .
I &apos;ve got a great education , I &apos;m not sure , but I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these jars and the artworks that are out there .
And when I started traveling and traveling , I learned a lot .
And when I was working at Google , I tried to realize the dream of art becoming more accessible through new discoveries .
So we created a great team , a team of great people , and we started the work .
I &apos;m going to show you a demo , and then I &apos;m going to tell you some interesting things about the time we started working on this project .
So you &apos;re just going to Google leArtProject.com.
You can see all of those noises here .
Here &apos;s the wheel of Whitopia , the wheel of contemporary art , the erum , Russians and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m actually going to show you my favorite New York City metropolis .
There are two ways to stay , very expensive .
There you go . There you go .
It doesn &apos;t matter where you are in Bombay in Mexico , it doesn &apos;t matter .
You can get in the jail , you can get shot .
Do you want a circle ?
Go out and drop it .
You go in , and you have to go to the end of the network .
Move ahead , see the pictures .
Look .
( Applause ) Thank you , but I still haven &apos;t got the best .
( Laughter ) Now I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite photos , Peter Brussels , Matt .
You see the sign of this money .
If the powder is given to us , you can stick on it .
This is just one of the images .
So this is all medium information .
Those who are really interested in culture can cheat this , but I &apos;ll cover it now .
This is one of the images that we &apos;ve taken in our prison using computer technology .
So these pictures , for example , if I &apos;m not wrong , have about 10 billion pixels .
And many people ask me , what does that mean ?
So I &apos;m going to show you what it means to get 10 billion paintings .
You can zoom in .
And you can see interesting things on the picture .
This guy comes out , and his face is remarkable .
But then you want to get the picture closer to home .
And I started studying it , and I noticed something happening here .
And I thought , for a minute , this is very interesting , and I looked further at this picture and I noticed that these kids were doing something .
I did a little research , I talked to my friends at MIT , and I discovered that this is a game called Sex , where children are sleeping babies on a Friday night .
And it turns out it was a pretty famous game .
I don &apos;t know why they did it , but I learned something about it .
Now as we get closer , we get to drug resistance .
Now I &apos;m going to show you the same distance , we &apos;re going to zoom out to see how far they actually were .
That &apos;s where we were , and here &apos;s the picture .
( Applause ) The next one is still ahead , you &apos;ll see in a second .
So let &apos;s go back to the contemporary art scene again in New York City .
This is one of my favorite paintings , the goddamn night , and the example I showed you was just to see the details .
What if you want to see the damage ?
If you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this headquarters ?
We put the pictures in the picture .
I &apos;m going to get to some of my favorite pictures . I &apos;m going to get to some of the little sticks .
This is the night of God . I think no one &apos;s ever seen this picture .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of my favorites .
There are many different things here , but we don &apos;t have time .
This is a really great opportunity . It &apos;s called coal .
Every one of you , every one of you , doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re rich or poor , you have a big house or not .
You can create your own website , your own collection of images .
It &apos;s very expensive , you think , we &apos;ve created something called the power to grow a picture , you can change the scale of the picture .
These are the Hippocrates from the Arctic .
You can set up surveys and send them to your friends and start talking about what you feel when you look at these headlines .
So I think , as an exception , the biggest thing for me here is that these wonderful things don &apos;t come from Google .
Even , I think , they don &apos;t come from pigs .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They were given to us by these amazing photographers .
That was my experience .
I hope that in this digital world , we will be able to put art on the Web .
And the most important question that I get asked all the time is this : &quot; &quot; Did you create it in order to reproduce the experience of walking on crutches ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
It simply stops coming in .
Here we go . Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m a response .
That &apos;s what I do in my life : I tell stories , I write fictions , and today I want to tell you a few stories about the art of rejection , and also some of the superheroic things that are called the women .
But before I go too far , let me share with you some of my personal stories .
Of course I do that with words , but I also use a geometric body , a circle . In my talk , you &apos;re going to take a few circles .
I was born in Sarasburg , a tropical family in France .
For a while , my parents separated from each other , and I went back to Turkey with my mother .
Since then , I grew up as a single mother and a single child .
In the late 1970s , in April , it was a little extraordinary .
We were surrounded by a whole range of families where parents were run by the family , so I grew up watching a separate mother in an environment .
In fact , I grew up knowing two types of women .
On the one hand , my mother was a well-educated , worldwide , earthquake woman .
And on the other hand , my mother , who was also very passionate about my notion , but with more spiritual values , more educated and , of course , less rational .
She was a woman who was lucky enough to be in the coffee shop and receive hundreds of images from her shoulder , without eyes .
Many of them came to visit my grandmother , three of white pearls , people or children , on their hands .
Every time my grandmother used to say words in Arabic , she would take a red apple , and she would cover it with twists as much grain on the side of the skin as they wanted to .
And then he would put one of those spots in the trash canvas .
A week later , the patient came to see what was happening .
Now I know I don &apos;t have to talk about these things in the audience , but the truth is that all the people who drew my mom with skin issues , I didn &apos;t see the difficulty coming .
I was asking my mom how he did it . Was it the power of money ?
In response , he said , &quot; &quot; Yes , money does . But you also need to know the power of circles . &quot; &quot; As a mathematician , I learned from many lessons that I learned , I was a very skeptical lesson , which is that if you want to kill something in your life , whether it &apos;s a background , a tenderness , or a human spirit , you have to surround it
And it will square from inside .
Now we all live in a kind of social and social circle .
Yes , we all do .
We &apos;re all born in a determined family , a nation and a class .
But if we weren &apos;t connected to the rest of the world , then we could be threatened to pull ourselves out of the way .
Our hearts would be altered : our hearts would be altered ; our humanity would be frozen if we stayed at our cultural medicine for a long time .
Our friends , our cousins , our colleagues , our family gatherings , close to all of us , if they looked like us , then we would be surrounded by our wildscape .
Another thing my grandmother does , like a woman in Turkey , is they burn the eggs in a tin can or they burn the wall so that the images can be processed .
It &apos;s an old Roman tradition based on the belief that humans don &apos;t have healthy time after time .
Through the diagram , dozens of people like me who live in communities are at greatest risk in the globalized world today .
And it &apos;s happening all over the world , in livelihoods and protesters and protesters and beliefs and wealth and poverty , in Europe and in Europe .
We tend to make posters based on the similarities and then reinforce the posters of others .
I think the only way to win this culture is through reaction art .
Stories cannot break the boundaries , but they can break the discoveries within our mental walls .
And with those discoveries , we can flip through the other dimensions and even compare what we see .
I started writing at the age of eight .
One day my mother came home and she brought a fertilizer program and asked her if I wanted to save her project .
When I look back , I think he was worried about my mental illness .
I was always telling stories at home , which was always good , but I was telling my girlfriend what was always bad .
I was a teenager , meaning I was speaking to lifelong mathematicians and asking for help from objects when I was talking to them , so my mother thought it would be good for me if I was writing to my discoveries and emotions .
But he didn &apos;t know that I was believing in my life , and the last thing I wanted to write was about me .
Instead , I started writing about the people around me and the things that had never happened .
And that became the meaning of my entire life , writing stories .
And the reaction to me was an autobiographical reaction to transcendence into other lives , other possibilities .
I &apos;m going to ask you to solve it a little bit . I &apos;m going to take a picture of a circle and then I &apos;m going to stop it a little bit .
Go back to my story , at that time , something else happened .
My mother became a digital doctor .
And I moved from this little , nuanced , middle-aged relationship where my grandmother lived , to this wonderful international school in Maddie , where I was just kidnapped .
There I was , for the first time , accepting &quot; &quot; extraordinary representatives . &quot; &quot; The students in our classroom were teaching children of various nations , and yet this diversity of life was not saved by the Kosovars , the equivalent of democracy .
Instead , it created a metaphor where each child was looking at not as individual , but as a metaphor for a big thing .
We were a little bit like the U.N. , which was very fun , not counting the exotic moments that happened to this country or to people .
This kid , or this kid , used to become an infinite project , and he was in trouble .
And I knew it very well , because during that time when I was growing up in that school , there was a military coup in my country , a very small minority of people who had left the suburbs of the Hiroshima Papa and the Trojan War .
( Laughter ) I used to be outside class and dreaming of becoming a coward .
There I was , for the first time , feeling like a cultural heritage .
Other kids would ask me about a movie I hadn &apos;t seen before , and they &apos;d be interested in how many symmetries I wear every day , because they thought all snakes were the curves of the planet , and they &apos;d be surprised that I had to start rolling my head around .
So I came to the conclusion that there are three theories about my country : politics , symbols and headlines .
After Spain , we moved to Jordan , Germany , and again Aprah .
I felt alone that my vulnerability was the only way I could transform with me .
The stories made me feel focused , the sense of continuity and consequence — these were the three things that I always felt needed .
When I was 20 years old , I moved to Stumblall , a town that I live in .
I lived in many , many places where I wrote a few of my Wikipedia .
I was in Starbucks when the earthquake happened in 1999 .
When I got out of the house in the morning at 3 o &apos;clock in the morning , my eyes were staring at the scene that got me out of the way .
We had a privilege , an elderly man , who never sold a sanitary pad and never talked to the people in the community .
He was sitting next to a transistor who was drinking a long and sneaky snack and sneaking a needle on his father &apos;s side .
I saw this man putting his hands on the cigarette , and he pulled one out of it . This picture of the cigarette tape , until now it &apos;s in my memory of the preservation party and the transistor drawing together on the table .
In the face of death and destruction , our national differences collapse , and we all become united , even if it takes hours .
But I &apos;ve always believed that stories can also have an effect on us .
I &apos;m not saying that the reaction has the same effect as the earthquake , but in a good way , we &apos;re leaving our little , sustainable neighborhoods , and we &apos;re coming out at dinner party and we &apos;re starting to meet people we &apos;ve never met before , or perhaps we &apos;ve been meeting before .
Shortly after this , I started growing up in Boston and in Michigan .
I was feeling more not about global change , but about language .
I started writing stories in English .
I &apos;m not an Egyptian , not a Palestinian , not a Mexican . I was asked , why do I do that ? In other words , I get the opportunity to reclaim myself .
I love to write in Arabic , which is very poetic and emotional for me , and I love to write in English , which is very mathematical and very rational for me .
I feel a connection in two different languages .
For me , English , like millions of other people in this world , is a universal language .
When you start in a language , it turns out that you live all the time and all the time .
Because initially , we always want to say more , better things , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re a little bit sharp , because there &apos;s a big gap between the mind and the language .
And that continuum is very scary .
But if we win that fear , it can become a nightmare .
This is what I discovered in Boston , which is quite fascinating .
At that time , my grandmother , who followed my life , became increasingly concerned about her sources , that I was always married , so I could get to one place , and always .
And because God loved my grandmother so much , I got married .
( Laughter ) But instead of going somewhere , I moved Arizona .
And because my husband is from Starbucks , I started to transform life in Arizona and Stumblella , these two places in the world are very different from each other .
I think half of me have always been a professional , physically or spiritually .
Stories always inspire me , keeping all my particles and memories running like an existential song .
The more history I &apos;ve had , the more I &apos;ve come to think about , the more they lose their magic , the &quot; &quot; if &quot; &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; story is considered more than history .
I &apos;d like us all to think about this together .
When my first story was published in America , I heard a very interesting observation by a writer .
&quot; &quot; I love your book , &quot; &quot; she said , &quot; But I &apos;d like you to write it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he meant by saying that .
He said , &quot; &quot; Look . There are so many Spanish , American , Latino characters , and there &apos;s only one square of the characters , it &apos;s a man . &quot; &quot; Because the events of the White House were happening at the University of Boston , it was normal for me that the characters of the English were much better than the doors , but I understood what my grandmother was looking for .
And I also realized that I was going to keep worrying about it .
He wanted to see my own expression .
He was looking for a pure female form in his book , because I was .
We often talk about how stories change the world , but we also have to see how our politics of identity influences how stories are spreading and inverted .
There are many authors who feel this pressure , but the Indus script feels more like this .
If you &apos;re a woman writing about the dead world , like me , then you &apos;ll notice that you &apos;re almost a story about a woman who &apos;s dying , and you &apos;ll have a choice about a woman who &apos;s struggling to die .
Because they &apos;re expecting you to write down the information , the text and the typical stories , and the broadcast to your Austrian colleagues at the end of the day .
What I felt when I was a kid in high school in Maidan is now happening in the digital world .
The writers don &apos;t think of themselves as any kind of creative person , they think of themselves as representatives of their culture — a few authors from China , a few from Turkey , a few from Nigeria .
We all expect to have something special , if not a drug .
When James Baldwin was interviewed in 1984 , a lot of people were asking about comparison .
When the journalist tried to point out the fact that he was a reader , Bollywood came to him and said , &quot; &quot; What do you see ? I have nothing extraordinary about it , that unlike me , and there &apos;s nothing in others , and nothing in others . &quot; &quot; When copyright politics tries to put pressures on us , it threatens our freedom of mobility .
There &apos;s a certain category called multicultural literacy , where all the filters are put together outside the Western world .
I &apos;ll never forget my first multicultural experience at Harvard 10 years ago .
We were in three dictionaries , one from Philippines , one from Turkey , one from Indonesia — as in the Andes , you know .
( Laughter ) We were commissioned not because we were writing the same art book or literary lunch .
We were assembled by our personalities .
Many cultural authors expect us to write fiction , not so fiction .
It &apos;s called function .
In this way , not only to the authors , but to the authors , to become the representatives of the great thing .
But I should also add that the idea of seeing more in history doesn &apos;t just come from Egypt .
It comes from everywhere .
For the first time , I felt that in 2005 , when I was stopped in front of the courtroom to answer my five-year-old &apos;s speech .
They were expecting me to write a constructive , multicultural poetry and family with a woman &apos;s eyes .
My microbial story made a lot of sense when they were tracking me .
Some criticized me , others criticized me for writing about contradiction in high definition .
Sometimes I had the desire to remind both sides of myself that this was a direct solution .
It &apos;s just a story .
And when I say &quot; &quot; story correctly , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m not trying to forget my work .
I want to love and extend the reaction to the substance of it , not to what it will get .
The authors are right to express their political perspective , and there are very good political times at that point , but the language of reaction is not the language of politics today .
He said , &quot; &quot; The solution to the problem and the right question is all different things .
And it &apos;s only the last to take responsibility for the authority . &quot; &quot; The politics of identity separates us . The narrative comes together .
One is about innocent perceptions .
The other one is the details .
One is building boundaries .
And others don &apos;t know the limits .
Autonomous politics is almost like it &apos;s built out of big sources .
And the reaction is like running water .
At the time of Oregon , there were massive stories called mediums , and they were buying sweatshops , storytellers , and often storytelling .
To represent each new character , the media changed its voice , representing that character .
Everybody could go and listen to them — ordinary people , even diabetes , death rates , not death rates .
Stories were spread across borders — like in the case of the Netherlands , which was very popular across the Middle East , across North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
Stories continue to crumble .
When Palestinians and Israeli political activists speak , they typically don &apos;t listen to each other , but Palestinians have been reading the textbooks of Tehran , and vice versa , together and participating in the story .
Science takes us to the table .
If it can &apos;t do that , it &apos;s a bad font .
The books saved an innocent , blind girl like I was at the time .
But I &apos;m also known about the danger of publishing books .
When the prisoner and the mystic , Rome met his mentor , Sam Theresa , the first thing he did was he looked at Rome &apos;s books and watched the water disappear into the water .
Softists say , &quot; &quot; The knowledge that doesn &apos;t take you to a woman doesn &apos;t need much greater than uncertainty . &quot; &quot; The problem of cultural punishment is not in the sense of knowledge ; we know a lot about each other , or we think we know each other , but the knowledge that doesn &apos;t make us human is far and away .
There &apos;s a metaphor I love very much , and life is like a show .
One side of the exhibition is continuous , surrounded in one place .
Meanwhile , the other leg is constantly in motion , drifting around .
That &apos;s my response .
Some of it is orchestrated in Stumbo with all the droughts , and some of it is traveling all over the world , connecting to each other .
In this sense , I &apos;m fascinated by the idea that my reaction is both local and global , from here and elsewhere .
Those of you who have been to Starbucks have probably seen the Tokyo harbor bath , which has been the site of Oregon for over 400 years .
In Palestine , for some of my favorite reasons , there is a place called the Gene Resistance .
It &apos;s in between buildings .
This understanding is very inspiring to me .
Usually we &apos;re unsure of the kinds of practices that are involved in things .
We think of them as being hardened by supernatural creatures , like a woman who appears to be strangers and organizes availability .
But more like these doctors feel the need for writers and artists .
When I create , I emphasize ambiguity and change .
I love the idea that I don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to happen 10 pages later .
I love when my characters surprise me .
I may write about a dead woman in a magazine , and it &apos;s probably going to get a very happy story , and I &apos;m going to write another book about a compelling , parallel novel program .
If the stories abuse our hearts , we can write about anything .
Olu Lord once said , &quot; &quot; I think so I live . &quot; &quot; And he said , &quot; &quot; I think that &apos;s a wonderful change in paradigm .
But why is it that , in the course of today &apos;s creative literature , the first thing that teaches students is to write what you know .
Third , it &apos;s not all the right way to start .
The realistic literacy is not about who we are or what we know , or what we are .
We have to teach our young people and we have to open our hearts and write about what we feel .
We need to go out of our cultural heritage and study others .
After all , stories are like dancers who think circles in their circles .
They unite all humanity , regardless of identity . That &apos;s good news .
I &apos;d like to end my talk with an old Sufi poetry . &quot; &quot; And let &apos;s make life easier for everyone , and we love and love , well , none of them stay . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a designer .
We &apos;re really getting to the world of games .
It &apos;s so far from the reality that the world &apos;s players have taken together 5.93 million hours to solve the Virtual Choir problem .
It doesn &apos;t have to be bad .
As we grow older , we become more collaborative and fragile .
And as a result , we build stronger social relationships .
Five million people use it every month .
This is the problem I &apos;m trying to solve .
His work is mud . He &apos;s exploring why people are mad .
But of course , it &apos;s not an optional right .
We have to start to look at the world more like play .
Before the remoteness of games , we had skeletons of chess .
People were suffering . People were struggling .
This is really amazing .
Hasbro Herodotos , 18 years later , decided that she needed to play a final game .
We want to imagine cultural wins , and then we push people towards the curriculum .
We did this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing story , and it &apos;s a story for you .
We have a graphic relationship , we have a positive trend on the rise of expertise such as environmental awareness , the expansion of knowledge , existence , the world and the ability .
My big idea , which is actually a very , very small idea , can go on a journey for the billions of big ideas that are currently underway .
And my little idea is a knife .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a room full of women in this room with a stick .
There are women .
As a result of my heavy experience , I felt the woman .
Two and a half years ago , I noticed power .
I cut my head down , I cut my head down , I put five of them on my right eye .
And I started my quest to explain my quest .
And during that time , I learned a lot . I met doctors , scientists , and now I want to tell you that the more effective , the more motivated , the happier life is needed .
( Applause ) And we , women , should be the leader of this new revolution , this new feminist issue .
We &apos;re literally going to get to high altitudes .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , for men , the stone axis has become the dominant paradigm .
I was dining with a boy recently who was thought to be just four hours old last night .
How much would I say ? I mean , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were to walk for about five hours , this would be a lot more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) This is a new kind of skin color to show your own preference .
Specifically here in Washington , if anyone invited dinner , and said , &quot; &quot; Wait a second . &quot; &quot; They &apos;re probably going to tell you , &quot; &quot; 8 o &apos;clock in the morning , but nothing , I &apos;m going to come up with a red donkey , I &apos;m going to stand up and I &apos;m going to see a couple of coffeehouses and eight of them . &quot; &quot; And they think that means they &apos;re so
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean that you &apos;re a good leader , because the meaning of leadership is to get to the point of view of the Everest until it matches the Titanic .
And there &apos;s a lot of similarity with our tactics .
It feels to me that if Lima &apos;s brothers &apos; banks dominated Lima &apos;s brothers and sisters , it could still remain in the water .
( Applause ) At the time when all the brothers were engaged 24 hours a day , working seven days a week , her sister would probably notice Ebola , because she &apos;d gone from 7.5 hours to eight hours , and she &apos;d get to see the full picture .
Now we &apos;ve had several crises all over the world , one thing that &apos;s useful for us as individuals , the more joy , the happiness , the more efficient our lives will be , the more useful our lives will be .
So I urge you to close your eyes and discover the big ideas hidden within us : close your motions and discover your power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story is about thinking seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I discovered this common substance : sobering that it had the same function over centuries .
Today , I use that material to create places , cash , rainfall buildings , equivalent to materials , in various cities around the world .
I was the most amazing person to do this .
I &apos;d never studied architecture or architecture or architecture .
By the way , after college , I got a scholarship in art school and got a scholarship .
I chose to become a photographer for 10 years when I was asked to go to India with the Fulbright program .
By creating a group of photographs , I hired them , and I hired myself a terrorist .
The day of the destruction was coming , and no one was there .
You had to do something .
The physical village was famous for a tradition .
So I tried to make the bronze one .
But making great work was hard and cheap .
And I went out and started looking at the fish , how they connect and design more .
I &apos;ve seen it every day , but this time I &apos;ve come to understand a different way of creating a scale , as a way of creating a sustainable form without knowing a lot of stuff .
And the first thing that struck me was that I prepared these fish .
Obviously , it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Lion bones . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So to take a picture , we elevated the network .
What I discovered is that desiccation-tolerant droughts take place every time , creating images that are constantly changing .
I was married .
I continued to study and collaborate with artists , also in Libya , with artists .
I loved the details that came out of it , but I wanted to create more and more things that would change the scale of the object that you see , something that you can lose .
I went back to India after the fishing industry , and we launched a one-and-a-half million links , which , in a short period of time , shows up in Madagascar .
Thousands of people saw it . One of them was a tourist monolithic solo-Maralis who shaped the urban areas of Portugal .
He asked if I could make a permanent representative for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could do it by preserving my art .
Ladies and technological solutions have continued to evolve , and those properties have been in the classroom with a particular set of materials .
Two years ago , I was looking for detail that would resemble the electromagnetic spectrum of the Sun , the compressed air and the melting of the atmosphere , but at the same time it would remain so cold that it would breathe out .
We needed something that was at the center of the network .
So last year , we lost 20 tons of piles .
We were designed to solve the architectural solution , so the scale of the railroad movement and the paintbrush moving .
But there wasn &apos;t an architectural computer program that could develop fluid and motion .
I found a brilliant architect in Haiti who designed jobs for the U.S. subsidiaries . His name is Peter Happiness .
He helped me solve two great problems : provide the right shape and the right movement .
I knew I couldn &apos;t do this in my own way , because I couldn &apos;t get my hands on America .
So I connected with the staff of the cotton maker , introduced them to various designers and figured out how to fit them .
There was no programming language that translated traditional manufacturing by the machine .
We had to do that .
Three years later , after having two children , we had a network of 15 square meters .
It was hard to believe that what I had imagined was now built , sitting still and not lost anything during that transformation .
( Applause ) This was an unobvious and invisible one .
Now it was a remarkable space .
Matty was the first time in a courtyard .
As I watched your game , it made me feel like I was underwater and at the same time connected to an unfamiliar country .
My life will no longer be the same .
I want to create these space shuttles in different cities in the world .
Now I &apos;m going to dedicate my work to two new directions .
This is a historical city of Philadelphia , and I felt that the scale of the infrastructure must be more expensive than the network .
So we tried to get some water out of the water that was changed by the particles that were changed , and in the process , we discovered that people could also communicate with this material and transmit it without falling apart .
I &apos;m using this quantum material to visualize the intersections of the subway stations , as if at the moment of conception , it would be a picture of the retention of the city &apos;s circulatory system .
Next challenge was the business of North and South Americans in Denmark , and they asked me if I could get the West to 35 countries and visualize their connection with the city .
( Laughter ) I didn &apos;t know where to start , but I said , yes .
In Chile , it was about the earthquake and the tsunami that had occurred in recent times that the entire Pacific Ocean had acquired .
It moved the tectonic plates of the country , eroding the planet &apos;s position and literally digesting the gravitational length .
I connected NOAA to the NOAA , asked for the data about the Tunisia , and they translated it here .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s the size of the microseconds that the Earth &apos;s Day grew .
I couldn &apos;t build it in my own way .
They had incredibly complicated structures .
I changed the base of the manta ray , mainly with detailed ink , which was 15 times hotter than the wall .
It &apos;s now fully dry , and it &apos;s so dry that it can be wrapped up in buildings , become part of the fabric of the city .
There was no computer program that thought of this complicated network of shapes and models .
So we had to make it .
And then I got a call in New York , and they asked me to come up with this idea of Tim Square or Hallelujah .
This new , thin structural method allows me to model and build tissues that reach the edges of the field .
Although many cities still don &apos;t have the funding yet , I dream of taking these channels to places where they need the most .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for beauty in traditional things and in extraordinary ways .
Now I put them together after technological and engineering approaches to create materials , materials , materials , shapes that reach the walls of buildings .
My creative horizons are expanding .
Here &apos;s one last story .
One of my friends in Finland got married .
By writing the law , he &apos;d never been interested in art , he &apos;d never been to an art gallery , and now he &apos;d gone out of the building and was able to get out of the building to say that they needed to be underneath the tent .
These people who had posted documentary works were now stuck with their strangers , with their strangers , and they were watching the creativity , the transformative images , and they were explaining the magic .
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand these images , you need to find your age on the horizontal line .
After sexual harassment , we are completely hopeless .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I was like a little girl , a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , you know that these two spheres are completely separate .
Hello . Thank you . That was a joy .
Information flows in the form of energy at the same time with all our sensory systems , and it &apos;s embedded in this enormous part that has the present self , the present self and the present self , and how it can feel and hear .
I am an energy connected to all the energy around me , through my right hemisphere .
And at this point we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re perfect , and we &apos;re beautiful .
My left hemisphere , our left hemisphere , is something else .
Our left-hand corner is thinking about scale and methodology .
And our left hemisphere is thinking in language .
And the only thing I can tell you is this energy .
And I ask myself , &quot; &quot; What happened next ?
And I felt softer in my body . Imagine .
