By the end of this year , there will be nearly a billion people who are actively using social networking sites .
The only thing that all those people are going to do is they &apos;re all going to die .
While this may be a pretty bold thought , I think it has a really profound meaning to explore .
And what I first thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a science and technology journalist , and he died of a cancer blog that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a story that would go right after his death .
This is what he wrote as an account .
He said , &quot; &quot; There you go . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last weblog video .
And I asked earlier that when my body finally released the fears of my cancer , that my family and friends would release this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process of turning this page into an archival . &quot; &quot; Well , while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive may have been written a better and more thoughtful coordination than many , but in fact , all of us
Think about statistics for a minute .
There are now 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million TVs are being shipped every day .
And the average Facebook consumer makes 90 different components of content every month .
So when you think of your parents or grandparents , the best thing they could do is make a couple of pictures and images of a house , or a grandmother who is now living in a box .
But today , we are all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that lives inside the cloud , a year after you &apos;re gone .
And I think that &apos;s going to produce some incredibly exciting technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do in a moment is tell a picture of what the present and the future looks like .
We &apos;ve already noticed a number of services that are created for us to be able to decide what happens to our online profile and our social media anecdote after we die .
One of them , actually , quite appropriately , found me after I logged in one of the New York restaurants at Foursquare .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Hello .
Death : Adam ?
AO : Yeah .
Death : Death can hide you anywhere , but every time , even in an organic restaurant .
AO : Who &apos;s calling here ?
Death : Go to ified . Even before I fail .
( Laughter ) Adam Ostrow : How afraid ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is it allows you to create a message or a video that can be published on Facebook right after you die .
The next one is called the 1,000 Commandments .
And what it lets you do is create an online database for your loved ones , a bunch of pictures , video and stories that they can publish after you die .
But what happens next , I think , is far more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Kovu that he can analyze over 90,000 hours of home video .
I think while machines are able to understand human language and to process huge amounts of data , analysis is is going to be possible — TVs , images , video , web videos — that we &apos;re now creating large amounts of data .
And I think what will happen is that it will become possible that our digital personality can continue to communicate with the real world long after we die , because of just limited access to the amount of content that we create and technology can do this with meaningful content .
We can already observe experiments in this field .
Another one called &quot; &quot; My Other Twist &quot; &quot; analyzes all of your Twitter stories , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions about what you might say on your next message .
Well now , as you can see , the results can be computational .
But you can imagine how something like this will work in 5.10 or 20 years when our technical skills are improved .
Moving on , the MIT media lab is working on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could connect with the unique characteristics of a particular human being , with the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that a human has created in their lifetime ?
After all , think about this terrible stage and election night in 2008 in America when CNN broadcast live — hip hop , a holographic hologram in his study specifically with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology for transferring representations of our loved ones into our spaces — connecting them in a very similar way in life , according to all the content that this person had created before they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the possibility of technology to understand them and to expand them exponentially .
To conclude , I think we all need to think about whether we want this to become a reality — and if that &apos;s what this is going to require for definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who go back to work after a career break — I call them a reporter .
These are people who have made a career out of careers to care for their elderly , their children , to pursue their personal interests or for their personal health .
And it has to do with all kinds of career change : veterans , soldiers , soldiers , returned to work , or returned to the father of immigrants .
Going back to work after a career break is hard for the relationship between the workers and the restaurants .
When people see a miracle in their life , we describe it as a big risk , and the person doing a career path can double because of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
It &apos;s this open-ended problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful reframers are everywhere and in every field .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear energy physicist at U.K. , who doesn &apos;t work for five years to be at home with his five children .
Singapore &apos;s print has recently written about nurses coming back to work after a long time .
Speaking of a long career breakthrough , this is Mimi Kahn .
She &apos;s a social worker at the outskirts of California that &apos;s returned to work for a social service organization in 25 years .
This is the longest cross-career I &apos;ve ever known .
The Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years in his career .
And this is Tracy Shapiro , who didn &apos;t work for 13 years .
Tracy resonated on a series of reviews of Today Show , a series of people who tried to get back to the present , but struggled .
Tracy wrote that there was a mother of five who loved being in the house , but after reading , she had to go back to work , and after all , she really wanted to get back to work in her life , because she believed to work .
Tracy has done what most of us feel like we &apos;ve done everything we search for work .
She was looking for finance , or bureaucracy , and she spent the last nine months online researching companies and leading them to work without any measurable outcomes .
I met Tracy in January 2011 , when Today Show asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
I first told Tracy that she should leave the house .
I told her that she had to go to the public to look for work and tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve got lots of conversations that are going nowhere .
That &apos;s not going to happen .
You &apos;re just a soldier who finally gets to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later what happened to Tracy , but now I want to share with you the discovery that I did when I was trying to go back to work after 11 years of career breakthrough .
The human view is over time .
I mean , when you try to connect with people from your past , the people you work with or with , they remind you of what you were like before the career break .
And even though our sense of self as time goes on , what happens to most of us , what &apos;s next is separated from our professional identity .
For example , you might think of yourself as something that looks like this .
This is me wrapped up after a day on a motorcycle .
Or this is me in a kitchen .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great cultivation of self-worth to reconnect with these people and to listen to their passion for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing I remember very carefully from my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t follow business news .
My area is finance , and I &apos;ve been following the news very carefully when I was at home with my four little children .
So I was afraid I was going to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reinvent the Wall Street Journal and read it for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt I knew what was happening in the business world again .
I believe that the reformers are the limits of the workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less chance of succeeding or working with partner .
We live a more successful life .
We have a wonderful working experience .
We have a much broader perspective .
We &apos;re not trying to find the context for ourselves .
In addition , we have the energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have it for a while .
On the other side of the tree , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that the workers have to confront .
First of all , the workers are really excited about the idea that restarters are resistant to technology .
I can tell you , I &apos;ve been technologically removed ; that &apos;s just the state of the art .
I was doing financial analysis for so long that I used the Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers the program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very hard . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged me a lot , but I &apos;m now using it all the time .
I say to the restaurants that the workers expect them to come to work with their basic office knowledge of software .
And if they do , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they blame .
The second thing that worries about the restaurants is that they don &apos;t care that the restaurants don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I say to the reformers that they need to work well , and explain whether their interests and skills changed or not until they were in the career break .
It &apos;s not a working job .
It &apos;s a restaurant responsible for showing the employee what added value he could give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following the program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I started to see the possibility of short-term payment , whether it &apos;s called a surprise , or not , but it was a surprising sort of experience as a way for professionals to go back to work .
I saw Goldman Sachs and Sara Lee begin a comprehensive feedback program .
I saw the return engineer , the uninformed reintegrated candidate , set up a first-level stimulation program in the war , and got a perpetual job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities now signing up for a middle-career education program .
So I wrote an announcement about what I saw , and it &apos;s a published article in the article &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; &quot; A 40-year marriage . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration , in which you see the marriage of a 40-year-old graduate student .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they named the idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old monkey . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The five largest financial services firms have a reintegration agenda for returning to the professionals .
In this case , there were hundreds of people involved .
These institutions are underpaid , and the people who go to the permanent position get competitive feedback .
Now , the seven largest engineering firms are trying to get reintegrated rating agencies back to engineers as part of the initiative with the Women &apos;s Management Survey .
Why do companies set up reintegration rates ?
Because institutions allow employees to recruit in real-world examples of work-life conversations , and employees don &apos;t have to make a sustainable working decision until the stop is over .
This testing period removes the risks that lead to leadership by default , and they attract great candidates who become great soldiers .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , most of the employees were not interested in establishing a restaurant .
But now , not only are the programs designed specifically for the repositories , but you can &apos;t participate in them if you don &apos;t have the resolution of your life .
This is a real change , a real institutional change , because if we can solve this problem of restarters , we can solve it for others , for career change .
In fact , one employee told me that their return to work was run by their reintegration program .
And there &apos;s no suggestion that there should be a five-cent program .
On the other hand , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell all the strangers that she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with another father from her community ended up offering Tracy , and that was the job of bureaucracy in the financial sector .
But it was a time job .
The company told her there was a chance that all this would work for something more , but she couldn &apos;t make any promise .
It was August 2011 .
Tracy loved the company and colleagues , and offices were closer than 10 minutes away from home .
And although she had a second job proposal in another company to work in a permanent position , she decided to try this marvelous and hopefully the best .
Well , she overlooks all their challenges , and not only did the company offer her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but she made him more interesting and more complicated because she knew what Tracy was capable of .
And here in 2015 , Tracy was up .
They taught her magic studies .
She even hired another restaurant to work for her .
Three newspaper work was an attempt , as a scoreboard , and it ended up in front of both Tracy and her employee .
My goal is to introduce the idea of reintegrating rates as much as they worked .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career break , don &apos;t offer to a stockbroker or a stockbroker who doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Be the first story of their success , and you can become an example of somebody else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
I work now in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , the new company , is trying to get serious about the environment using ...
Using fruit crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re doing .
Wait a second .
You can get some blood flow .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just get through — I &apos;ll go through the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Music ) It &apos;s not that ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Oh , that &apos;s all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the older generation .
The unfortunate answer is this .
Then , if it &apos;s delicious , it &apos;s delicious , it can be delicious .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So to be exact , the whole is more than the sum of its parts .
Where are the economic networks ?
What we looked at was a network of relativity .
And we also built the value of companies .
How do they organize ? Do they recover from nothing ?
It &apos;s a company that works more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this to you by giving you an example .
Hi . I urge you today to look at eight of my projects , along with a Danish artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves &quot; &quot; Pors &amp; Rao , &quot; &quot; and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object that I call &quot; &quot; Search Telescope . &quot; &quot; It was inspired by a weird device in my lap that always asked me to do something about it , as if I were the continuation of his body : turning on the light or bringing off a glass of water , a bunch of cigarettes .
As I was growing up , his mind was getting stronger , and I started looking at this as a form of control .
But , of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything because the box was a better person in the Indian family .
And what really disturbed me , and what really disturbed me , was how he used his mobile phone .
He &apos;d put up a file , and hopefully I &apos;d put a number behind it .
So as the answer and the gift of my laundry , I made &quot; &quot; Search Telescope . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it has two people to use it .
That &apos;s how my unit uses the phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to college , I started to miss his instructions .
So I built a golden writing machine for him that could send his suggestions to his sons and daughters around the world , right ?
All he had to do was take a piece of paper , put it in a cage , print his elbow and bind it , and remove the paper .
This device is automatically transmitted to a personal letter , by the way .
What you can see here is that we &apos;ve assembled a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my box only works with mechanical conditions .
And , of course , the object had to be especially prone and obscure to the ritual , like my box and I like it .
The next piece , the soundscape , is an institution that we call &quot; &quot; The Great . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we are surrounded by a very friendly , sensitive and loving genius .
This is how it works : we lay down walls , and there are little creatures behind them .
And as soon as things go around , they &apos;re sort of expanding out .
And if it gets quieter , they shake their heads .
And from the smallest sound , they turn .
So we pasted these postcards onto three-room walls .
And we &apos;ve hidden over 500 of these little swimmers behind them .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video prototype .
Once the environment becomes quiet , they kind of leap off the shelf .
They hear things like people or other creatures .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sounds of disruption .
They also don &apos;t respond to basic sounds .
Then you hear the train that they &apos;re not responding to .
( Honk ) But they react to the first plan sound , and you &apos;ll hear that .
( Whistling ) We were trying very hard to create them as animals .
So each cheese — self-behavior , mental , desire pattern , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , we &apos;ll enjoy it later .
We forced them to respond to people , but what we found was that people around them became playful and childish .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; The Great Man . &quot; &quot; We were very interested in the opportunity to communicate with the idea of invisible .
How can you feel that you &apos;re invisible ?
So in collaboration with a company whose field — the camera system — we built a software that could follow people in the room and change one of their phones by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right side , you see my colleague Sir , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an over-sized video of the camera turned it into invisible .
Sir walks into the room . Sir ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is actually tracking and moving off .
This is a very early video that hasn &apos;t solved any of these problems yet , but it &apos;s immediately refined .
We used it like this : we put a camera in the room that was shot in space , and then we put a monitor on each wall .
Once they walked into the room , people saw themselves in the monitor , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and as a group moved in the room .
And this is a work called &quot; &quot; Sun shadow . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper clip , as the child draws the oil or the sun spins .
From far , this object looked very strong and tense , and from the inside it was very weak .
So the people who walked into the room didn &apos;t pay attention to him thinking it was just something .
But as soon as they moved the country , he was moving the wall up .
And then eventually they got tired and they got tired .
( Laughter ) This work is defined by a human cartoon .
His head is so heavy , so full of hard thoughts that she &apos;s sort of stuck inside a box , and his body is growing out of it almost like a plant .
It washes over its head like a headlight , very unpredictable , slowly moving .
His movement is limited by definition .
If the circle wasn &apos;t there , and the ground would be very flat , it would have to climb all the space .
And there &apos;s no cords or cords .
I &apos;m going to show you an example : People walked into the room , the object was activated .
It &apos;s very slow , in a few minutes , kind of peeling over the pain , getting a reward , and it looks like I &apos;m running over .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to challenge the institutional desire to run for him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help , because eventually he does something about himself again .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked hard and hard , just like most of our work , to combine mechanical , equilibrium and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to precisely identify the moment of his critique , because if we had designed it so that it would turn out , it would be damaged , but if it didn &apos;t turn out sufficiently enough , there would be no sense of immortality , and so uncompromised , he would like to run for him .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short clip of what we test this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting worse , so it keeps getting worse .
But you don &apos;t really need it because the object itself is changing .
This is a work that we &apos;ve been involved in , and we &apos;ve been working with aesthetics of steel , all kinds of beautiful , fierce optics that look like stars .
It looks like a night sky .
All of this we carried around the shape of a square shape of a jacket attached to a canvas .
Our idea was to reconstitute something as warm , remote and abstract as the universe , with a known shape of a pendulum , that feels and comes close .
And the idea behind that was that after a while you &apos;re longing to look at this shape as a mosque , and you start to realize that it &apos;s more like a gap in space , as if you &apos;re looking through it at the night sky .
And this is the last piece , still developed , called &quot; &quot; Space Invader . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cup , about this size , standing in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to approach it , makes you fall asleep , growing into a two-dimensional , eight-dimensional object .
So this object is continuously expanding and contracting , so keeping a dynamic connection with people around you — sort of trying to protect mystery , or whatever .
We work a lot with technology , but we don &apos;t really like it because it gets nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors in creating them .
And if you just stare at any being in your head , it seems like the process of creation is an attempt to find out how this creature wants to exist , what the shape it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he brought us .
Think of all the services that we use , all the connection , all the industry , all the business .
And this happens throughout our life .
I &apos;m sure that one day , it will happen in the history books a few hundred years later , and our generation will be thought as a generation , connected to the Internet , a generation that has created something truly global .
But yes , there are real issues online , very serious issues , security issues and privacy issues .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these problems .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — a 12-inch disk hidden by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus that &apos;s ever been discovered by a personal computer .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Let &apos;s take a look .
Okay .
This is the flying saucer sector behind the flying saucer , and if you look closely , you can see this one over here , and it says , &quot; &quot; Hi got interested . &quot; &quot; And it goes on , it &apos;s written in 1986 , Basit and Amjad .
And Basit and Amjad are names for transcendent origins .
In fact , there &apos;s still a number of phones and Pakistan &apos;s address .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years back .
AK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a year and a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So here are some pictures I took while I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore town , which is about 300 miles south of Abottabad , where Bin Laden was born .
Here &apos;s a typical street view .
And this is the street or road to this building , which is the 730th anniversary of Allah Iqbal brand .
I got in the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Here &apos;s Basit standing .
His brother , Amjad , is sitting .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve talked a lot about this .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they began with .
And I was so thrilled by this realization that both Basit and Amjad computers were also stuck hundreds of times in viruses , completely unrelated to them during that year .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we used to see in the 1980s , and of course in the 1990s , there &apos;s no problem anymore .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve launched a system here that allows me to put old software on a modern computer .
So now let me go online and build some tools . Let &apos;s go there .
Here we have an old viral record .
So now I &apos;m going to put some viruses on my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Centigrade virus .
So as you can see on the top of your screen there &apos;s a hundredfold , and that &apos;s what happens when you hit this virus .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with sound .
( Sirens ) And the last example is what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you turn it off , a guy walks on your screen .
So it was easy enough to understand that you were infected by the virus at the time when the virus was created by the brain and the young .
Today , they don &apos;t care about the brains and the teens .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system that we use in our labor patterns that we follow in the viral world .
So we can see in real time that we &apos;ve just blocked viruses in Sweden and in Taiwan and in Russia and elsewhere .
In fact , if I hook up our laser system again through the Internet , we can actually see and build on the idea of how many viruses , new C.O.s , we find every day .
This is the newest virus we &apos;ve ever discovered , called Server.exe.
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one , six seconds ago .
And if we go down , it &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We find tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And that &apos;s just the last 20 minutes of Kenyan applications that are happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , these are the most organized crime groups that write these viruses because they &apos;re made out of these viruses .
This is groups like — let &apos;s go to GandhBucks.com.
This is a page operating in Massachusetts where these guys are crossing laptops .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can hack Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can hack these stupid computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — for these kids .
And they will even pay you for those computers .
So how do these guys get off the grid ?
Well , there are several different ways , like bankers who make money from your Internet banking while they &apos;re using it , or it can be cyberbullying .
Cyloggers will quietly place on your computer and record everything you print .
So you &apos;re on your computer and you &apos;re looking for something .
Every Google search engine that you print is protected and sent to prisoners .
Every single one of your behaviors is protected and devastated by criminals .
The same is true for every single one of you , and so on .
But what they &apos;re looking for is the sessions when you get in there and you buy them in any store on the Internet .
Because when you buy in a shop online , you have to register your name , your presentation address , your credit card numbers and your credit card bills .
And here &apos;s an example that we found in a server a few weeks ago .
This is the number of credit cards , the end of power , the security code and the name of the card .
When you get access to somebody else &apos;s credit card details , you can log on the Internet and you can buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is a problem .
We now have a fuel market and business ecosystem designed on the basis of cybercrime .
Just to give you an example of how these guys actually work out of their surgery , let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL and look for the most searchable individuals .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin from Sweden , and his crime partner , who has also been successful in the INTERPOL , for example , the Shaila Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys went on to do a surgery called I.M. , a cybercriminal surgery where they had millions of surgeries .
Both of them are hiding now .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.N. agencies announced the account of the Swiss bank , including Mr. Jain , and in that bank account , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online crime generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can allow themselves to invest in the future attack .
We know that online criminals are the same programmers , the same testers , test their code , and they have off-the-shelf systems with SQL databases .
And they can let themselves look at how we work — how conservation people work — and try to avoid any protection methods that we &apos;ve created .
They also use the global quality of the Internet for their benefits .
I mean , the Internet is global .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go and look at what &apos;s happening in the digital world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , which shows that one Chinese family can move around the world .
This operation , which is supposed to come from Estonia , is moving from one country to the next when only a page is trying to do it .
So these guys are just impossible to get off the road .
They change from country to country , from one trial to another — moving around the world , using the fact that we have no opportunity globally to support lawyers when they do this .
So the Internet is like giving somebody free airplane tickets to all cybercriminals around the world .
So criminals who haven &apos;t been able to get us there can now .
So , are we navigating the web looking for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me show you an example .
What we have here is one frozen file .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old file of file , which is a cross .
And what that really means is that if you try to look at this painting failure on your Windows computer , the file will actually take control of your computer and leave the code behind .
So if you look at the profile of this picture — this is the second axis of the painting — and this is the actual code for the beginning of the attack .
And that code was encoded , so let &apos;s decode it .
It was punctuated by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so frustrated .
And we can go over here and actually clean it up .
Well , the yellow part of the code is now being broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t look like an organ anymore .
But look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see here at the bottom , you can see an online address : UNionseek.com / io.exe , and when you look at this picture on your computer , it &apos;ll actually send it back and release it .
And this is the hidden device through which the program is going to take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to unpack the code , we will find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is here , under all description , as if somebody wrote .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I proud him .
There were no records , no records .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few clothes in the maze , and one of them thought that power is like Russia .
And 78 is the code for the city of Sanchez Peterburg .
For example , you can find this on the phone number and number of cars and so on .
So I started looking for connections in Sank Peterburg , and over the long term , we finally found this page .
Here &apos;s this Russian who &apos;s been on the Internet for a few years , and he &apos;s got his own website , and he &apos;s leading his website to a popular platform in Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life as he lived in St. Peterburg — he was in the early &apos; 30s — he wrote about his cat , his girlfriend .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with six pounds of weight and over 400 pounds of power .
Well , it &apos;s quite a beautiful car to a 20-year-old kid from St. Peterburg .
How do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
In fact , he went to the airport .
In the center of Peterborough , he got in the other car .
And he put a picture of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lada Samara , who he got into .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the pictures of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when online criminals are arrested ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go so far .
Most of the websites , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s attack is .
And even if we find online crashes , it &apos;s often not a result .
The military police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some other reason we cannot cope them .
I &apos;d like it to be easier , but ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s not .
But things change pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard of things like Stuxnet .
If we look at what Stuxnet did , they locked this thing up .
This is Siemens S7,400 PLC coding for a logical control frame .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , the keyboards that are programmed , put them in their own place and do their work .
For example , lifts in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet turns one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should be taking .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You go to any factory , any garden , any chemical plant , any food production , look at it — it &apos;s all computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We &apos;re starting to depend on the Internet , of course , on basic things like electricity , of course , from computers running .
And indeed there is something that creates new problems for us .
We need to have some way to work , even if the computer doesn &apos;t need it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when we don &apos;t understand things ourselves .
It &apos;s a really simple thing — thinking about sustainability , copying replications , things that really matter .
Now I said to you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Indeed .
Just think about all the services we get on the Internet .
Imagine what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t beat them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I worry that we face issues of cybercrime .
Online crime is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life securing the web , and I really feel that if we &apos;re not fighting cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do that globally , and we need to do that now .
What we need is more global , international law enforcement agencies — these organized groups that make millions of their attacks .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-viral programs and fire deals .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a gateway for people to attack , and more importantly , we need to find those people who are willing to be part of this cyberbullying world , but not yet .
We need to find people with pieces , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their bits for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I was in college , and a friend and I were on a road from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland , Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we travel overseas throughout the country &apos;s parks and national forests — almost the longest road we could go .
And somewhere in the middle of South Dakota , I turned to my friend and asked a question that had covered me in the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does the Chinese hieroglyphs that I see along the way ? &quot;
My friend looked at me completely differently .
In fact , the gentleman from the front row ideally misses her face imitation .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these signs that we see in Chinese hieroglyphics . &quot; &quot; She just starts to look at me for a few moments and then she starts laughing because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Right , the great Chinese hieroglyphs vanished . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent five years thinking about things like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the signs around us , and how we behave when that happens , and what can we say about the human nature of all of that ?
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about failure .
This may seem like a strange career step , but actually there &apos;s one great privilege : no job competition .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to avoid thinking of failure , or at least avoid thinking of the possibility that we &apos;re wrong .
We understand it abstract .
We all know everyone in this room makes mistakes .
The human species , the collective , is false — okay .
But as this gets older to me right now , to all the circumstances that I have here , I am in time , all of a sudden , all of this sudden acknowledgment of the abstract failure spread through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything I &apos;m wrong with .
The need for present time is where we live .
We go to meetings all the time ; we &apos;re having time for dinner with the family ; we go to the choices and we vote for the future .
So in reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a lifelong journey , stuck inside this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , the bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for each of us as individuals in our private and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as a culture .
So what I want to do today is first of all talk about why we get caught up in this sense of fairness .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it is possible to get away from that feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative spirit that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , actually , is associated with feeling when we &apos;re wrong .
So let me ask you this question , or just , let me ask you , because you &apos;re sitting here : What feeling — emotionally — how does it feel wrong ?
It &apos;s ugly . It &apos;s going to happen down .
Nice . OK , good , good .
I &apos;m going to run down , I &apos;m not going to love — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that &apos;s a different question .
You people answer the question : What is it like to realize that you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The idea that failure can be like that and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be controversial , it can be controversial , it can actually be funny , as my silly sister is mistaking for the Chinese symbol .
But just being wrong doesn &apos;t mean it doesn &apos;t feel right .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes cartoon , where there was a floating foot , always running and never going to win the race ?
In almost every movie theater , there was a moment when the foot passes the bird , and the bird jumps out of the trunk , and it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s a bird and it can move .
But the thing is , the leg is running after the scar .
And the funny thing is , if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s perfectly fine for your leg .
He just keeps running , until the moment he looks down and realizes there &apos;s air .
That &apos;s when it falls .
When we &apos;re wrong about something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like the legs after he leaves the badge , and before he looks down .
You know , we &apos;re all wrong , we &apos;re running around , but we feel like we &apos;re on the ground .
So in fact , I should tell you what I said the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel like we &apos;re right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one reason , a structural reason , why we get stuck in this feeling that we &apos;re right .
I call this the false eye .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that we are wrong until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we insist on this belief — and it &apos;s a culture .
Get some ideas for a little bit of primary school .
You &apos;re sitting there in the classroom , and your teacher is bringing back the textbook , and one of them looks like this .
By the way , it &apos;s not a crazy thing .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what to think of a kid who got this page .
A stupid kid , a sustainable kid , someone who never makes a living at home .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve learned that , first of all , those people who do mistakenly are dumb , irresponsible bureaucrats — and second of all , in order to succeed in life , you must never make mistakes .
We &apos;re learning these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I suspect many of us in this room — agree with it simply by becoming idealistic little decades , perfect , masters .
In fact , the head of Finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think you &apos;re all the CEO of finance , astrophysicists , ultra-marathon .
OK , that &apos;s great .
Except that we were terribly afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after doing something wrong , it means something wrong with us .
So we just happen to think we &apos;re right because we feel smart , responsible , loving and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A couple of years ago , a woman came to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center for Surgery .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is a hospital at Harvard University , one of the best hospitals in the country .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s stuck in an opera .
She gets horrified , the surgeons do their work — they get up and take her to the emergency room .
It seems like it &apos;s been successful .
She finishes , looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why isn &apos;t that part of my body required ? &quot; &quot; So not that part of her body required , because the surgeon has done extensive surgery on her left leg instead of right .
When the president of Beth Israel &apos;s Health Medical Collaboratory talked about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason , surgeons simply felt that he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That story is that overwhelming belief that you are on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The median sense of justice that we &apos;re all experiencing so often isn &apos;t a belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the opportunity to fail , so we end up adding things like , let &apos;s say , 75 million gallons of oil to the Gulf of Mexico , or the destruction of the global economy .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But it &apos;s also a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to be right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just utterly reflected in reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how are you going to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t agree with you ?
It turns out that most of us , most of us , share reality in a similar way , with some misleading assumptions .
The first thing that we usually do , something that doesn &apos;t agree with us , we just think they &apos;re crazy .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we are willing to share that information with them , they will come out of the light and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that these people know the same facts as us , and they still disagree with us , we go to the second assumption , which is , they &apos;re idiotic .
( Laughter ) They have all the right stuff , but they &apos;re too stupid to put it right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it turns out that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we go to the third assumption : They know the truth and they silence it for purposes of individual pyramids .
So it &apos;s a disaster .
This approach to our rights allows us to avoid mistakes when we need it completely and make us act compassionately with others .
But what &apos;s striking to me the most , and what &apos;s tragic , is that it changes with being human .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are transparent windows and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody else to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It &apos;s wrong , and if so , life would be incredibly boring .
The magic of your mind is not that you see the world as it is .
The point is that you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person in a different place .
And we all do it a little bit differently , and that &apos;s why we can look at the sky at the same night and see it , and that &apos;s the same .
And yes , that &apos;s why we &apos;re wrong .
12,000 years before Ductor said the famous phrase , &quot; I think it &apos;s called me , I am . &quot; &quot; Sweden Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Cloudburst , I am . &quot;
Augustine realized that our capacity to cheat is not something deadly human flaw , something we can cheat or we can cheat .
That &apos;s the whole foundation of who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t really know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure this out .
This mania , I think , is the source of all our productivity and creativity and so forth .
Last year , for a few reasons , I put myself in touch with a lot of public radio exposure to this &quot; &quot; American Life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all the boxes of the story were wrong .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I lost .
I became smart by the law .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which didn &apos;t happen once .
But a couple of months later , I actually had a plan to ask this leader Ira Glass .
And I reminded him of that , and he said something like this : &quot; &quot; No , actually , it &apos;s true .
On the other hand , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As designers of the show , we joke that every single one of our series has the same hidden subject .
And the hidden theme is , &quot; &quot; I thought it would happen to one and everything else will happen . &quot; &quot; And the need for that , &quot; &quot; Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need that .
We need all these wonderful , failing moments and mistakes to make these stories come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the audience , the reader , lose that .
We like things like instant gratification , misdirection and unexpected end .
We like to make mistakes in our stories .
But , you know , our stories are like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and instead everything else will happen .
George Bush thought that he would end Iraq with a lot of weapons of mass destruction , free people and invent democracy in the Middle East .
And something else happened instead .
Hosni Mubarak thought that he would be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life until he was too old and through illness , and he would be able to transfer his government to his son .
And something else happened instead .
And maybe you thought you were about to grow up and go out of high school , go back to your town and grow a group of kids .
And something else happened instead .
And I have to tell you , I thought I was writing an incredibly boring book about something that everybody hates , an audience that never gets to see .
And something else happened instead .
( Laughter ) I mean , this is life .
Fortunately and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world around us , and then the world circles around us and amazes us .
Don &apos;t get me wrong , but this whole conference is an incredible insight to our ability to fail .
We &apos;re just spending the next week talking about innovation and advance and improvement , but , you know , why do we need all of this innovation and development ?
Because half of the things that have been most worth memorizing and changing the world — TED in 1998 .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where was my rocket fuel , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We come up with another idea .
We tell another story .
We have another conference .
The subject , as you &apos;ve heard it seven million times , is an amazing discovery again .
And to me , if you really want to find a miracle , you need to step outside of this tiny , terrible space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and the mystery of the universe and be able to say , &quot; &quot; Wow , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On November 5 , 1990 , a man called El-Sayyid Nosair walked into a public meeting in Manhattan and killed Rabbi Mee and Kane , the head of Jewish wildlife .
Luckily , those plans were destroyed by an FTB driver .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , the bombing of the global trade was not at the center of the world .
Nosair ended up being threatened by criminalization .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people interact with each other , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to realize that we want the same things in life .
A few months ago , he called me out of his ark and explained that the last few weeks with his friends went to a camp in Long Island to practice drinking .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last bubble of my fuzzy ball came into a little orange light that was above the target and everything , and especially for me , the target blew up .
My uncle turned to another man in Arabic , and he said , &quot; &quot; Ibn Abba . &quot; &quot; What a father , like a son .
They all looked like they were funny , but only a few years later , I realized what was so funny for them .
They thought that I had the same desire to marry that my father had .
These people ended up moving a 300-pound load of fertilizers and leaving them at a lower level of standing , the global shopping center at the North Pole , which produced a vaporized six people and killing over 1,000 .
These were the people I interviewed .
The people I called ammunition , what the box means .
For too long in the classroom when I was a new face , I was often terrified of the experience .
I was raised to teach people based on unprecedented criteria , such as race or religion .
So what opened my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that really influenced my mind was in the year 2000 presidential elections .
The focus of my group was on the death of my youth because I was a lifelong cancer survivor , and it was very exciting for me .
Our team has come from all walks of life .
And one day after the convention , I found out that one of the children I interviewed were Jewish .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s face , and honestly , I felt embarrassed that I could walk through a barrier that was largely unbearable for most of my life .
The other major step in translation was when I found a summer job at the Bus Gardens Industrial Park .
There I was showing all the belief and all the cultural people , and this experience was central to educating my distant self .
For most of my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a sin and that all homosexuals have a terrible effect .
In the Prague Park , I got a chance to work on shows with some gay artists , and I realized immediately that they were the best , the least appropriate people I knew .
The experience of childhood with experiences in me has created a sense of empathy for others , and I find it uncomfortable with good people doing things not the way I would like them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes that I had learned as a child with life experience and communication .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the rights I can &apos;t control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Country of God . &quot; &quot; Next year , Jon Stewart challenged me to be honest with myself about my fanaticism and helped me understand that human race , religion or sexual orientation have nothing to do with character .
He was my father , in many ways , when I needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places and the realization that the word comedian made me a more positive influence than my extremist father , I &apos;m not a victim .
One day , I was talking to my mother about the village of my world , and she said what I would hold on my heart till I was alive .
She looked me in the eyes of an adult who had suffered enough dogmatism and said , &quot; I have become tired of hating people . &quot;
At that time , I understood how much effort I needed to keep myself aware of myself .
Zack Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I reveal my story and be able to put myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I did this with the hope that someone had to use violence , someone had to hear my story and realize that there was a better way , and even though I was stuck in this cruel , unorderly ideology , I was not ashamed of fanaticism .
Instead , I have chosen to use my experience against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the winds of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that terrorism has in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to speak before these feelings of my father and I &apos;m going to diminish my activities .
And because of this simple fact , I stand here as evidence that violence is not destroyed by religion or race , and that the son should not follow his father &apos;s feet .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you everybody . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I went to my own house .
And as I stood in front of the counter , as I stood in my pockets , I realized I had no socks .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the dining room table where I left them .
So I ran away very quickly and tested the other door and the windows , and they were all well stuck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff &apos;s nights because I had an early morning road in Europe , and I needed my own and my own suitcase .
As I got deeper and deeper , I found a big rock , and I lifted the corridors , and I took the glass ceiling , and I put it inside , and I found a bunch of cardboard , and with the cane moving , I put it in a glass ceiling , thinks that in the morning , I would climb up the air stairs , I would call my teacher to
It &apos;s going to be expensive , but it &apos;s probably not much cheaper than a spine engine in the middle of the night , so I figured , under the circumstances , things would go something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It separates the cortical arrow that promotes the posture of the heart , and it changes the level of adrenaline and makes it hard to think .
( Laughter ) And only in the traveling record , I realized I had no idea . ( Laughter )
So I flew home through the snow and ice , 40 minutes , took a breath , flew back to the air , dreamed it still , but they &apos;d already given my place to someone else , so they &apos;d put me on a plane crossing the toilet , into a seat that didn &apos;t come back , at eight hours in the air .
Well , I had time to think in those eight hours , it didn &apos;t work .
( Laughter ) So I started to wonder , can you do something about it , installing systems that protect things from so bad ?
Or , if something bad happens , at least the likelihood of catastrophic will be reduced .
So I started thinking about it , but the ideas didn &apos;t last until about a month or so .
I was having lunch with my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was driving away , I was telling you about my hidden window and how I forgot my passion , and Danny said he practiced something called the future retrospective .
( Laughter ) This is a psychologist Gary Klein &apos;s approach that was written a few years ago called a recent study of disasters .
You all know what failure is .
When things go wrong , a team of experts come in and try to figure out what happened .
So I want to talk to you today about a few things that can be done as a recent study .
Some are blind , some are not .
I &apos;ll start with the simple one .
Put a place in your house for things that are easily taken .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it confirms a lot of science based on how spatial memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to follow important things — where the hippocampus is where you can find fish , the bathroom of the trees where the friendly and the opposite sex lives .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that elevates the range of drivers in London .
It &apos;s the part that allows the winners to find their own magazines .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where they smelled putrid particles and they still found boxes .
They &apos;re not using smell , they &apos;re using a hypothesis , they &apos;re beautifully designed brain mechanism to find things .
But it only works well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not very good for moving things .
And so we lose sight of the car or the eye of the reading and the legs .
So take your place inside your house — a cable near your door , maybe a decorative cup .
The world is a particular table .
The students are at a particular table .
If you squeeze the place and you try to keep it , your things will always be there when you need them .
What about travel ?
You take a picture of your credit card , your driver &apos;s license , and then you send yourself back to the cloud .
If these things happen or if they fail , you &apos;re much easier to get them .
Now these things are fairly obvious .
Remember , when it &apos;s stressed , the brain is dividing the cortex .
The Korean is terrifying , and it makes it difficult to think .
So part of pre-frontal analysis is is to understand that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and so we need protective systems .
And there are probably no more stressful situations than there is to make medical decisions .
And at some point , we will all be in a situation where you have to make a very important decision about your treatment or your neighbor &apos;s treatment or help them decide .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But it &apos;s applicable to all of the solutions involved in treatment , and even in financial or social decisions — any decision that overestimate the rational facts .
So you go to the doctor , and she says , &quot; What I just got was the lab test , and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with the risks of heart disease , heart failure , insulin .
And you think that the high cholesterol levels aren &apos;t good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will lower your cholesterol rate , your building . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard of buildings , they &apos;re one of the most common drugs in the world today , perhaps you know something that &apos;s using them .
That &apos;s the number we need to leave .
And what is this SRP ?
It &apos;s the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or another treatment to get one .
Now you might be thinking , what &apos;s the weird number here ?
This number should be one .
But actually , the practice of medicine doesn &apos;t work that way .
And it &apos;s not the fault of a doctor , if anything about it and about it , it would be the scientists like me .
We didn &apos;t fully understand all the hidden mechanisms .
But the GlaxoSmithKline estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers you need to leave you with are mostly for the construction , what would it be ?
How many people do you need to use it to win one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have to take their medicine years before they have a heart attack or an insulin or whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance of reducing cholesterol levels .
Why not ? Give me those drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another tool , and that is , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of the drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them , there are terrible things : following the pain of muscles and syringes , pain and paper processing — but now you think , &quot; &quot; Five percent , it &apos;s not likely that this will happen to me , but I will still have a drug . &quot; &quot; But wait .
Remember you can &apos;t think straight about stress .
300 people use medicine . One is successful , five percent of those 300 have extreme effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely to be replaced by a drug than to be used .
I &apos;m not telling you whether you use the building or not .
I &apos;m just saying that you should talk to your doctor .
You have the right to get this kind of information so you can tell whether you want to take risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of my mind to blow you away , but it &apos;s actually quite a typical number to keep you quiet .
Most surgeries , for men over 50 , extended prostate cancer , the number we need to leave is 50 .
Yes , we had 49 surgeries before we left one person .
And the side effect is 50 percent of the patients .
Between their impotence , their erection disorder , their inflammation , their regular destruction , their mismatch .
And if you &apos;re following yourself , and you &apos;re one of those people who says that , maybe it only takes a year or two .
The idea of contemporary research is to think about issues that should be asked to cause the conversation to move forward .
You don &apos;t really want to think that out loud .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because often you have a choice , do you want a shorter life without pain or a longer one that can get a lot of pain before the end ?
These are the things I need to talk about now with my family and my loved ones .
You can reconsider the enemy of the event , but at least you will have tried to do it .
You don &apos;t need a burglar alarm system or a liver or an immune system , because if the body of these particles accelerates its metabolism and doesn &apos;t respond fast , it can remain liquid , and then it doesn &apos;t need to .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s spreading through the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we need to train ourselves to think first about these kinds of situations .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we all don &apos;t care .
We will all be wrong someday .
The idea is to think ahead of what unfortunate might happen , that we have ways of acting , like reducing green , or cutting down the road to bad things .
Going back to that dreaming night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , I wrote a master &apos;s depot on a codle beneath my door , a codle beneath the front door , easy to remember the code .
I have to admit , I still have a pile of postcards that I did not touch , and a pile of emails I did not read .
So I &apos;m not entirely confused , but I see sustainability as a gradual process , and I &apos;m moving forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
50 years ago , a group of engineers in the Soviet Union spotted a big object in an uninhabited area .
They were hoping to attract the thoughts of many people in the world for the first time in history to warn space .
The rocket was huge .
with the same prosthetic socket installed in the foreground , which includes two radiation tubes .
In October 4 , 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientist at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We are going to create a new planet called Sputnik .
Over the years , travelers like Vasco da Game and Colombia have had the pleasure to invent new land .
We now have the luck to discover space .
And it &apos;s in the future to celebrate our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a piece from Sputnik , my fifth documentary , which is nearly complete .
He tells the story of Sputnik , and how he handled America .
After the Sputnik launched , Sputnik created all the complexity .
A human being based on the moon , seen by ordinary people , has made a commitment and a commitment that people have finally put something into space .
But three days later , so-called &quot; &quot; Red Day , &quot; &quot; the media and the politicians announced us , and we believed that Sputnik was evidence that our endeavors had influenced us in the field of science and technology , and that now they can set us on a hydrogen bomb by Sputnik .
And then the summary began .
Great Sputnik became one of the three biggest American crimes related to Perl Harbor and the 9 / 11 tragedy .
He challenged the recovery of rockets .
He noticed the weapon .
and the race of space-time .
In Congress , they &apos;ve gone up very rapidly in a single year , from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik &apos;s impact was more than making weapons .
For instance , some of you may remember that day in January of 1958 , the national security training exercise , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities were battling underground .
Or the Gallup survey , which revealed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear wars are going to happen , and at least 50 percent of Americans die .
Sputnik has made amazing changes .
For instance , some of these people here got a scholarship in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , math , science and education in general , the cure has exploded .
Vint Cerf suggests that Sputnik has also directly contributed to ARPA , building the Internet , and , of course , NASA .
My documentary reveals how free society can be harnessed by those who know how to use media .
But it also shows how we can change things that seem to be very unreliable to the things that Americans generally benefit .
Sputnik is going to be published very quickly .
To conclude , I &apos;d like to use the courage and thank one of my investors — a long time for TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank you all .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
I &apos;ve been working at MIT for 44 years , and I was at the very first TED .
The third condition is less visible .
Is everything applied ? No , not quite .
These are everyday objects : clothes , rocks , hair , eyes .
We all know these simple things every day .
They were mostly told that they were going to be replaced by soldiers in war .
These things were found in captives in my country of birth , and even when we talked to the experts , they were reinventing bodies from the mass graves , 20 years after the war took place .
And it seems to be the biggest chapter ever invented .
Throughout the four conflicts in the Cold War , the heavy autumn of Bosnia in the early &apos; 90s , about 30,000 people , most civilians , died and thought to have died , and 100,000 were killed in military operations .
The Industrial Rights Act reviewed several horrors for human and genocide .
Genocide is not only about killing people .
But with their obsession , their cultural impact , and eventually the same idea that they had ever existed , was ridiculous .
Genocide is not just about killing ; it &apos;s about ignoring human identity .
There will always be legs — no perfect criminals .
There will always be cases of death that are more comfortable than the crushing of their bodies or our easily falling memories .
Our goal is that no one &apos;s body should be unrecognized .
Since that time , when they find things that the victims carry with them to the executed areas , they are carefully controlled , analyzed , put into the list and preserved .
Thousands of layers are packed in white plastic bags , just like you see CSI .
Extroverts use these things as a tool for people to recognize , but they &apos;re also used as really valuable assets in the burning battlefield right now .
The rest of the life is often asked to figure out who these things belonged , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , messy process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but most of them are hardwired or purchased by our actors and our thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every lost thing , to create a visual archive that could easily be seen by the survivors .
As a storyteller , I want to thank the community .
I want to inform people around everywhere .
And maybe in this way , somebody will recognize these things , or at least their photo will remain like a permanent , unforgiving and objective reminder of what happened .
These photographs are about understanding our interconnectedness , and the recognition of these things makes us realize each other a little bit more .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; right expert , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that &apos;s close to all of us as far as the next document can be .
One day , all the individuals will be recognized will only survive inside their bodies and these everyday objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
As I was approaching these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
It was part of the trial that I did , and I photographed it every month .
I would never have expected that .
She &apos;s afraid .
In fact , they provide very little happiness .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the exciting projects .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on most of the intuitions and mystery domains .
So I &apos;m going to try and describe some of the experiences that we have for each of these works .
The first project is called the Listening Color .
The viewer sort of walks into the room , and instantly these platforms are sitting on the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the observer is looking at it , and it seems to be squeezing and stretching into the gray symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two conditions .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute temptation .
And we were interested in seeing how little change it takes to move from one state to another .
And that reminded us of two different traditions of identity .
One is the length century , the length of the alphabet , and the other one is about 100 years old , the Milky Way abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you an easier sense of scale , the largest area is about two meters tall .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest of it is the A4 .
So the audience arrives in their space , and they immediately reach for a position .
And after a while , if the viewer continues to stay in their space , the panel becomes a reflective mirror for being in space , and it becomes , again , balanced and self-loving until , like , a sense of being or moving in a room when they stop in their position again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer somehow creates a sense of balance between the boxes , but it can also be quite honest that the boxes themselves are so tightly kept at building the rules for them to sort of fit the viewer .
This brings me to a quieter , simpler project called Rankins .
The user can see the piece of paper applied to the remote wall , but you can see it &apos;s a thin sheet of A4 , or a sheet of paper , which is represented from two sides of both sides of the same hands that were stated with infinite attention and attention from a tiny fraction of the medium .
The viewer also sees that this whole sculpture moves in a very unusual way , as if these two hands were trying to hold a piece of paper without touching the length of the time , and they &apos;re not getting it right .
So this instability , we moved very reminiscent of the instability by camera arms .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips here , one by one .
One is through a moving camera , and the other is through a handheld camera .
And you can see immediately how the unstable form of video is interfering with the viewer and subjective perspective .
So we just removed the camera and we transmitted the movement to the platform .
Here &apos;s a video clip .
You have to imagine the next arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we &apos;re kind of trying to knock down the fence of the cockroach , as if there &apos;s this big paper clip , there &apos;s a little man with his hands .
It &apos;s sort of compared to the amount of bread that you need to do in this audience , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper in front of you .
The next job is Masali .
It &apos;s a cardboard model , so the object is about the size of me .
He has a cochlear body , two hands , and a very tall thinner — a head , and his only goal is to attract his attention .
So when the viewer walks away , he sort of leaves one side to the other and moves his arm further and further apart as the person recalls .
These are the first scenarios of the trial .
You can see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use it all in this desperate term .
But the idea is that when you get the person &apos;s attention , they don &apos;t care , and they &apos;re looking for someone else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is the head of Maslow &apos;s collection .
It looks like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing machine , like it comes out of a factory , like a swimming pool or a washing machine .
Because we always work from a very personal space , we like the aesthetic of this user , sort of personalizing the object and giving us a little bit of distance with our own image .
And so for us , this is a selfish creature that &apos;s trying to attract our attention to the things that need our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that needs help .
The next piece is &quot; &quot; Adorable . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a selfish sound instrument .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s built by the size of the auditorium that the person sits on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks at this size , and the audience sort of takes the entire view .
In Audience , there are 996 samples .
They learn to spread mechanically by choice .
What that means is that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spend , how powerful and how long they want to be around them or how to contribute to others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer stands in front of the audience , then the answer lies .
It can be a few holes or pulses , and then no one &apos;s going to do it until the viewer walks away from the stage , and the audience reacts again .
It could be anything from a few weak bands in the audience , or it could be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think we &apos;re looking at the audience as an object or an organism that also has a unique musical notation as an instrument .
So the audience can play by creating a fairly complicated and variety , musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t make an audience react appropriately .
So there &apos;s a sense of solving and a sense of awareness and an sense of irritation .
It also has its own fragility and its own fragility .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy with this image being shared in two hands .
Here &apos;s a brief animation , like two brainstorms interact with each other to find the meaning of doubt and insight .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t question when we &apos;re going to eliminate all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Race Strip .
It comes from the idea of the window .
This is the window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of tissue .
So we used the same vocabulary of the window to create our own race or a network that sits in a room and can be seen from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of little shapes on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , sort of like putting a different perspective or a landscape in one space .
Each of these shapes can travel and discover , and down the road , and hidden behind two floors .
So unlike this very strictly complicated network , we wanted to give the characters characters characters and other rubbish bands , as if a lens had physically configured to travel that way .
We like the idea that these shapes dance like they &apos;re crazy and they don &apos;t have any care , like they &apos;re curious and comfortable , until they feel the movement from view and they &apos;re hiding behind the nearest wall .
So we have a selfish contradiction for this project .
These shapes are sort of embedded in this very grim grid , which is kind of like a crime , but also tension , because it allows them to remain locked and naive and worrying about what &apos;s going on in the outside world .
So all of these real-life sentences that I &apos;m talking about are much less transferred to a relatively concrete technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very successful in working with Cyrus ETH on creating the first prototype .
As you can see , they took the movement patterns from our multiplication and created a movement that connected the movement of the brain to move forward and forward .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it falls to my side .
So imagine our excitement when we saw it perhaps in the study , and this is it .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) Maybe you start a little slower , in the first week , you do enough to make it harder for days to anticipate , to cut off your hair . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do exactly that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with every letter .
But then there was my 90 papers that I had to do for years .
I knew that my normal workforce wasn &apos;t right .
It &apos;s too big a project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start easy , then I &apos;m going to zoom in on the back of my head , and I &apos;m going to put the highest surface , like a maze behind a maze .
Isn &apos;t it hard to climb a staircase ?
You &apos;re special , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t have to start .
And then , from two months , there was one that died in two weeks .
I woke up one morning , having three days to the end , and there was no one word left . The only thing that happened was I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I broke one , not one , but two nights without sleep — people shouldn &apos;t do it — I walked through the city of students , I walked slowly up like a movie , and I prayed before the end of the term .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad dissertation . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to take a moment when you all thought , &quot; This guy is amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , it was bad , it was very bad .
Today , I am a writer .
I wrote a blog called Wait for the Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about procrastination .
To explore this , I came up with an MRI lab that was engineering my brain , and a real wireless brain , so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the uninformed brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does it mean for the blind ?
It means it &apos;s okay to do it this way .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision-maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not what the Big Bang is about , so she takes the government and says , &quot; Let &apos;s read it in Wikipedia about France Carrigan / Tonya Harding , because I just remember it happened . &quot;
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; It &apos;s going to take a while , so there &apos;s no place in the workshop for any serious jobs .
The Big Bang is not the one to solve everything .
She only lives right now .
She doesn &apos;t remember who she was , doesn &apos;t know what she was going to be , and she only cares two things : She &apos;s fun and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And the Beijing people are just one other kind of animal .
You &apos;ve got to remix , recycle , procrastinate , and you &apos;ve got to make a living in a cage .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
We live in a civilized society , and the Big Bang doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
That &apos;s why our brain is another living creature — the Rational Society of Defense — that allows us to do things that no animals can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a common image .
And he wants us to do the best we can .
Sometimes it &apos;s helpful to take fun and easy things , like waiting for a dinner or going to bed , or to enjoy a recovery session .
So there &apos;s a transition .
Sometimes they get together .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult things and not to do things that are common .
And there &apos;s conflict .
I call this the toy kit of the Tamil game .
This is what happens when the act of freedom doesn &apos;t have to happen .
When the Beijing Prussian leads , the question is , how do the retailers typically end up in the blue zone , not in a happy place where important things happen .
It turns out the payload has an carbon fiber , which is seen from the top , at the most difficult times — it &apos;s called the Panic Monster .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one he fears .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be presented to TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to get in there and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; All right , but let &apos;s do Google Earth and take a picture of India to 200 feet above the ground and a couple of hours before we reach the top of the country to understand India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did on that day . ( Laughter )
When they turned four for six months , then two , and then one , people at TED decided to present the speakers .
I turned on the web , and I saw my face , and I saw my face .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So Panic Monster starts walking away from it , and after a few seconds the whole system is under chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panic Monster touches her — oh , it &apos;s gone !
And ultimately , the rational decision-maker can take steel and I can start to write a language .
Panic Monster explains all the unintelligent behaviors of the unemployed , such as something that looks like me for two weeks , cannot write a first letter , and then with a magic career , it doesn &apos;t go all night and write eight pages .
The situation with three characters is the reflective system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the Web a few years ago .
And when I did that , the reaction surprised me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how the procrastination affected their lives , how the Beijing influenced their lives .
Why do people stay in such bad conditions ?
It turns out there are two kinds of payoffs .
And that long-term focus is less about noticing it , less about it than about laughing , short-term focus .
It &apos;s mostly living in silence and alone .
It can cause a huge amount of unsatisfaction and despair .
I understood why people wrote these letters and why they were in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re setting up a specific project .
This long-term procrastination made them into views of their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they were able to even start pursuing them .
I read those letters , and I suddenly realized that , I think , the untouchables don &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think you &apos;re all holding it together .
Maybe you &apos;re not as dumb as some of us are . ( Laughter ) And maybe you &apos;re familiar with the terms , but remember : The monkey does slow down when there &apos;s no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Kalendar of Life .
It &apos;s a window every 90 years of life .
It turns out there aren &apos;t very many of them , especially given that we already used the bread .
I think we need to take a serious look at this calendar .
We have to think what we &apos;re really paying for , because every life matters .
We must not forget the Big Bang .
This is the work for all of us .
And because windows aren &apos;t that much , that &apos;s the job that we need to start today .
Well , maybe not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s this guy , Captain William Senison , who was convicted recently at the Library of Congress in September of 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who , with a combination , scattered the way to the emergency room of medical evacuation .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , because of the accident of anger , one of the doctors on the tree had turned on a GoPro camera and captured this event .
In the paper , you can see Captain Shinson bringing a famous warrior to his cave .
So I started thinking , where do these people come from ?
What is that ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do .
It &apos;s a constant love , and I wanted to know , why isn &apos;t there people around me that I do this ?
On the vertical axis , we need prizes for people who are willing to donate to others so that we can benefit .
It &apos;s all backwards , right ?
And my first insight was that they &apos;re just better people .
So they serve as warriors .
Those better people are more likely to communicate .
But that &apos;s not the case .
It was a great honor for me to meet some of the people we would call heroes , who were chosen to take risks to rescue others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do this ?
What did you do ? &quot; &quot; And they all said the same thing : &quot; Because they would do it for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s really important .
The notion of trust and collaboration is difficult because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say , &quot; &quot; Trust me , &quot; &quot; to do that .
Nothing personal .
Whether it &apos;s the weather or the strength of the resources , and maybe the tiger with the length , all of these forces operate in order to reduce the length of our life .
So we stay in social animals , and we live together , and we work together , what we call the Security Council , the tribe , where we feel part of it .
And in a safe way , a natural reaction was born — trust and cooperation .
It has needs .
It means that at night , I can rise up and believe that somebody from a gentleman is safe from danger .
The modern world is like this .
It can be a new technology that can beat your business overnight .
It can be your competition , and sometimes it &apos;s trying to kill you .
Or get out of business , but at least try to get your plans to work and get them out of business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces work all the time , and they don &apos;t go away .
The only transformation is the atmosphere within the organization , and that &apos;s where leadership becomes important because tone is the leader .
And one day , I was on a plane and I became an intro , and the journey was trying to get on a plane before I turned it into numbers , and I was observing how he was working on a commitment device behaving with him as a witness , as a refugee .
He was scared to try to get a bit too early .
So I went in .
I said , &quot; &quot; Why do you treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you behave with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said to me , &quot; &quot; Listen .
&quot; &quot; Mr. , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can follow the rules or don &apos;t follow the rules . &quot; &quot; In fact , she told me she didn &apos;t feel safe .
They don &apos;t trust their leaders .
We like to talk to Southwest Airlines , not because there are better workers .
We love it because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are low , we are forced to consider time and power in order to separate from each other , and that fundamentally destroys our organization .
The best comparison to a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it need to be like ?
Different leaders want the same thing .
Give people opportunities , education , discipline when they need , to strengthen their faith , their ability to attempt and deceive , and to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of Next Jump . It &apos;s a tech company in New York City . So this person says , when you have problems in your family , are you considering the opportunity to let one of your children go ?
Nobody does that .
So why do we allow people who work in our companies ?
Next Jump , you will never be released from the wrong things .
Therefore , so many people feel so outrageous and so outrageous to the leaders of the bank who are receiving inproportional outcomes and prizes .
It &apos;s not in numbers .
The point is that they have launched the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated social cohesion .
That &apos;s what drives us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would happen if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or a $ 250 million Mother Teresa prize ?
Do we regret that ? Of course not . none of us do .
Different leaders don &apos;t thank anyway .
They name numbers .
They value the number of babies per person .
Bob Chapman , who runs a major manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller . In 2008 , this company did a lot of recession , and in the evening she lost 30 percent of all her assignments .
In a large production company , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
We had to save 10 million dollars , so like most of today &apos;s companies , the government came in and asked the question of deals .
Bob did not agree with that .
Because Bob doesn &apos;t believe in the number of workers .
And employees have heart attacks , and it &apos;s much harder to reduce heart numbers .
It was determined to run a vacation program .
All the employees , from the secretary to the leader , were asked to leave four weeks of unlearned grades .
They could have chosen any time , not necessarily all four of them .
He said that it would be better for everybody to cheat just by a little bit than anyone to cheat , and in that way , he got the moral of the workers .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a choice .
They — the government , and we do what they regret because they have a government in front of us , but we don &apos;t follow people like that .
That &apos;s what it means to be a leader .
I had to hear a story about a few soldiers in the war zones , and as the soldiers were accepted , the leader of the officer led the last and let the first manager feed their people , and they were stopped eating the food that they offered them .
And when they came back to the field , one of his people brought some food to make this happen , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders because they go first .
We call leaders because they believe that only their people are safe , and that their people should benefit . In doing so , we &apos;ll get the natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They give their blood , their dress and their shame to make their leader &apos;s vision a reality , and they ask them , &quot; &quot; Why do you do that ?
Why would you put your blood , your razor blade and your razor for that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing , &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t that not the kind of organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved by simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I &apos;ve learned that creativity is a key to transition from dreams into reality .
I learned this from my grandfather , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a Jewish immigrant survivor in the heart of Andes .
Here &apos;s how I grew up : encouraged to see the future without limitations .
Some of my education has taken place as a way for her to work in remote , rural communities .
I love these memories because they helped me understand life beyond the borders of the city , life with so many possibilities , without speech , cultures and barriers .
Throughout these trips , my grandmother complained in the Gulf manuscript , &quot; &quot; Something is hidden . I find it .
Go find Calais .
Something missing the mountain .
Please go and wait for you . Come on ! &quot; &quot; Next year I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world have a heart disease .
Part of the problems , I think , I can solve — part of the problems I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem begins with loss .
The parents must survive inside the mother .
The separation depends on the relationship between the system and the blood .
When you &apos;re born , this connection has to end .
If you don &apos;t do that , the child is in his heart .
It causes resistance and genetic conditions .
But we know today that oxygen loss is also one reason .
As you can see on the diagram , the frequency of these holes dramatically increases with the height .
Video : ( Children crying ) When you look at patients with this kind of confusion , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment for heart failure was major surgery .
One night , my friend Matty was standing in the Amazon region .
The only thing that didn &apos;t land in the rain was the green rock .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shell as a form of leisure for our first invention .
In the hearts of children , they can be treated with them .
Rice is a waste of time .
It may not seem impossible to do that to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these huge problems .
In this video , we can see how a very small catheter brings rhythm to the heart .
One was scratching the surface .
After this moment of inspiration , there was a very long effort to create and build a prototype .
In glass and live studies , it took thousands of hours to work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from Germany to Bolivia thinking that everywhere we go , we can do something good .
With my wife and partner , Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After treating successful oneself , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than 20 miles tall .
And patients need a special device to treat heart failure .
The Skyil in the height of the patient is different because the carbon between the arteries is higher .
Most patients can &apos;t be healthy , and they die .
The first one was only able to treat half the patients in Bolivia .
Research began again .
We went back to the original planning .
After many attempts , with my grandmother &apos;s local friends in the mountains , we built a new device .
Last year , local women told the stories of writing complicated stories with glasses and unexpected mastery helped us with a new tool .
We used this traditional hearing approach , and we created a design made out of a strong material that records shape .
It seems to us right now that the audience is enabling us to build a rotten device that doesn &apos;t fit because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform itself into a complex structural process that took decades to graduate .
As you can see , the device enters the body through natural channels .
The doctors need to make a catheter through the skull .
Our device is expanding , it &apos;s sitting in the middle of a desire and it &apos;s manufacturing .
We have this beautiful system of law that is easy to use because it works on its own .
There was no open surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we struggle with diseases that require a lot of time and effort to treat — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s the kid before , after the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , once the device is in place , the patient is treated 100 percent .
From the beginning to the end , the procedure takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very helpful in terms of the medical and the human side .
We &apos;re very excited that some of the patients in the former world are part of our team , a team , because of intimate interactions with patients who work with us .
Together , we have just one idea : The best solutions need to be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid of creating something new .
It &apos;s not easy .
There &apos;s always been a lot of challenge .
We get the power from our patients .
Their ability to get power soon and courage drives creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that no child is left behind for a bypass , not for education or access .
So we need to start with a one-on-one model .
We give one tool to make sure that every child gets treated .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an incredible idea , and we spread it out , really : no child will be killed .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo , on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai , in a small town called Muti .
Water and electricity were as unpredictable as weather , growing up in these complex conditions , when I was 17 years old , I moved along with a couple of my friends &apos; ground and we were burning in the sun .
The sun is coming down very well .
When we got married , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why don &apos;t anybody bother something you can put on your skin and not have to bite ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought it . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people in the world today don &apos;t have access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are wiped out by conditions like this , and the main thing for those diseases is called a trachoma .
Therefore , infection in the eye is caused by a naked eye when the eye is caught up , and some of the infections that are lost can totally change .
This disease affects eight million people &apos;s blindness every year , and the shocking truth about this is that when you avoid severe infections , you need to swim your face : you don &apos;t need medication , pills or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself and because I don &apos;t like healing , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my trusty mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop than the trust Internet , I did as much as I used the Internet cafe for 20 pounds per hour — I went to Wikipedia and
that looked like something out of KFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a formula .
Now you have to make it a real product .
Four years later , when I wrote 40 pages of business plan on my cell phone , and when I wrote the patent on my cell phone , by the way , I was the youngest man on the patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; No shit ! &quot; &quot; ) — I didn &apos;t have to add anything anymore — ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath , the world &apos;s
You lay on the skin , you don &apos;t need to hurt .
( Laughter ) So I was trying to build a product in school , and then I had a very limited resource , and I went to college and I met several people , and we had practices , and now we have a totally functional product that we can bring in markets . You can bring this product and you can eat it .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DriBath .
One thing we &apos;ve learned is that poor communities don &apos;t perform large products .
They cross when they need it and how much they need it , and Asma Alex does not cross all the boxes , except one cigarette every day , although that &apos;s more and more expensive .
So we started switching DryBath into small innovative transformations .
It goes through half and then print .
The fun part is that one transformation brings up one single savings in five directions .
When we created that model , then we realized something else about the application of the product .
We realized that even rich parents want to use DriBath in their offspring . ( Laughter ) Once a week .
We estimated that you can save 80 million pounds of water every time you spend your treatment , you can save two hours a day of children from rural areas — two hours of schools , two hours of homework , two hours longer to feed a normal kid .
When we saw this kind of universal advantage , we confused the definition of our product &apos;s fundamental functions , which was clean and comfortable .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s fate , and for the poor man , the essential nature of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go to the store , and with the help of an international community , we &apos;re going to ask the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 pounds per week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t get paid .
What stops you ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing that I learned through this process was that Google picked me one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the greatest student in the business world , the first African to come up with this approval , and the strange thing is that I appreciated it because I didn &apos;t like cheating . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in a year &apos;s travel and I went back to the medical school that I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually since I became a leadership consultant , I looked at the white coat and saw several patients .
Throughout that moon , I was surprised by two things .
I asked myself , would you like to see if this is the case for cost , or will we not forget patients ?
A lot of the countries that you &apos;re standing in , and where I come from , they have problems with health care .
That makes a large part of the national budget .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth rate .
Otherwise , new drugs are not being compensated , so you don &apos;t get to patients .
In some countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are targets for government .
The most expensive health care solutions are made exactly by them .
You take a lab test , you choose to operate an old and weak patient .
So by reducing the freedom of the costs to the physicians , you can reduce and eliminate .
Finally , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have full freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So it &apos;s not surprising that some of my close colleagues are smart .
We looked at this question at BCG and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize a healthcare system ?
So we kind of got a bit caught up and said , what are we trying to do ?
In fact , in the healthcare system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s performance , and we need to do that with very limited resources .
We call it the health care approach .
On the screen , what you see behind me is what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : the results of treatment in patients in relation to the money we spend .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Theisberg .
In this picture , you see my wish confirmed by three beautiful daughters .
When the BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the cost , but to look more at quality , and one of the things that we were most excited about in the study was the overload that we saw .
Compared to hospitals in a country , you can find extraordinarily good , but the worse numbers are incredibly large .
The differences were dramatic .
My uncle Eric suffers from severe cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
And living in Europe , he can travel to Germany , making good healthcare systems .
If he went to the average hospital here , the likelihood is that after treatment , he &apos;s going to lose 50 percent of the arrowheads , so he should re-use the sugar .
It &apos;s like putting a match . 50 percent risk . That &apos;s quite a lot .
If instead he &apos;d gone to Hamburg , to a Martin-Klinic clinic , the risk was only five percent .
So either you &apos;re a monster or you &apos;re at risk of one in 20 .
That &apos;s a huge difference , seven times .
If you look at a number of different diseases in different ways , you can see a lot of difference .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital is a lottery .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There is hope .
Back in the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of Swedish orthopedic surgeons who met at a meeting and talked about what procedures they used to do in surgery .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a bunch of metal pieces of work that you would use for someone who needs a new club .
They all realized that their operation manager was different .
Everyone claimed that &quot; &quot; My way is better , &quot; &quot; but no one knew for sure and acknowledged it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure quality , then we know , and we could learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What is the quality of the club in surgery ? &quot;
And when they got together , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly figured out that if you put a cement into the patient &apos;s bone , before you put a metal scaffold , it actually takes a long time , and most patients never need a second operation .
They &apos;ve transported data , and it &apos;s changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw it makes sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been sharing data every year .
A year later , they got together to say , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They would hire each other to learn — an unprecedented improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons show the world &apos;s greatest scores , at least for those who are equal , most don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists come together , find the best , start the study , share the data , find the best and learn from it .
permanent improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only thing that &apos;s exciting .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If you remember the effect of the price on the equation , and if you look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved quality have at the same time been achieved by the smallest expenditure , although that wasn &apos;t the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the story of a club surgery a couple of years ago that was done in relation to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to recover in seven years after their first surgery .
The U.S. was three times larger than Sweden .
We analyzed OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a study on the quality of health care when it finds data in countries .
For most diseases in the United States , the gender index is smaller than average , according to OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would agree on measuring the quality and assigning its quality to the middle of OECD , it would save the U.S. population 500 million dollars a year .
That &apos;s 20 percent of the country &apos;s health care budget .
You might say , these numbers are awesome , but even though it makes sense , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only can it be done , but it should .
The next health care system is physicians and nurses .
The only thing that &apos;s common to them is that they care about what they do in terms of the quality that they give to patients .
They were always the best in the classroom .
We were the best in the classroom .
And if someone can show them that what they give their patients is nothing better than what they give them , they will do anything to improve .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists also have another property .
They like advice from others .
If a cardiologist invites another cardiologist to work in another hospital and discuss why that other hospital might get a better job , they &apos;ll share information .
So by measuring and creating transparency , we get a cycle of sustainability that we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We &apos;re creating a global community , a global community in which we can observe and compare what we &apos;re achieving .
Together with two academic institutions , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Karoline Institute in Sweden , BCG shaped what we call SRMTK .
Say it &apos;s a crime , but it &apos;s not a crime , it &apos;s an accident .
It means the International Consortium of Health Medical Journalism .
We bring in one place the best doctors and the patients to talk about , the illness after the illness , which is really qualitative , what we need to calculate and translate to international standards .
They &apos;ve been working — four work groups have been working in recent years : cataracts , cold pain , smallpox disease , for example , heart disease and prostate cancer .
The four groups are going to show the volunteers on this page .
This is the first time we compare data not only to countries inside , but to international space .
Over the next year , we plan to look at eight diseases , 16 years later .
In three years , we &apos;re going to go through 40 percent of the disease burden .
Two things like this . Which is better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I was teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new leader , and the vision is this : &quot; I want my control suddenly to achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day , we sat in classrooms with doctors , with sisters and others , discussing childcare .
We asked , how can we measure quality today ?
Can we do that better than we do now ?
We talked about how we treat children , how important improvements are ?
We said , what is the cost of patients , or can we treat it more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
so many ideas , so much passion .
At the end of the session , the peak of the magazine stood .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , he cut his shoulder , and he said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . We finally have a conversation about what this hospital is doing right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care value , which is not only costly , but also for the outcomes that patients see , we can make a personal charity in hospitals and elsewhere in the health care system , not a problem , but a key part of the solution .
I believe that seeing the value of health care can begin to translate , and I think that a modern-day medical adviser , beautiful Hippocratic , whose patient has always been the most important , smiling in their pocket .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of the surprising findings that are driving the success of companies , how important functions are actually to succeed in entrepreneurship .
I believe that starting companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put yourself in a group of people with the right incentives and put them in a starting company , you can unlock the potential of unlocked people .
They can do incredible things .
But if the starting company is so great , why are they so bad ?
That &apos;s what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what &apos;s important for the company to succeed .
I wanted to try and do a methodological approach , avoid some of my experiences , and perhaps some of the mistakes that I &apos;ve made with a lot of companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this , because I &apos;ve been working for 12 years now , when I was at the start of school , I sold a solar-powered station in a bus stop , when I was in high school , I made solar panels when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to see who was more effective at the success of companies and failure .
So I looked at these five .
One , an idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I called my company &quot; &quot; Ideal , &quot; &quot; because I really appreciate the moment &quot; &quot; ha ! &quot; &quot; when you first came up with the idea .
But for a long time , I began to think that maybe a team , an accomplishment , was more important than an idea .
I never thought I &apos;d quote a boy from Mike Tyson on the TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it in their face . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true in business .
The mastery of the team shows their ability to adapt to the face of the client .
Silence is real reality .
And so I started thinking , perhaps a team is the most important thing .
Then I started looking at the business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , how does a generation get from a client ?
In my mind , it started to turn upside down that maybe it had the most impact on success .
Then I looked at the funding .
Sometimes companies would get really big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Was the idea spread too early , and the world unready for it ?
So early on , but you still have to teach the world ?
I &apos;ve looked at 100 IMPs and 100 others to try and find something systematic about it .
First of all , these Ivy League , top five companies — Citysearch , CarsDirect , Goat , NetZero , Tickets.com — they have a billion dollar success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Peoplelink — we had a lot of faith , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to reframe all of those terms , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed in every aspect .
And then I looked at the unbelievable success of not ideal businesses like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few sentences : Webvan , Kozos , Pets.com , Flooz and Friendster .
Companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they failed .
I tried to look at the activities that were most involved in the success and failure of these companies , and the results were surprising to me .
Number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important in terms of the difference between success and failure .
This company was just at the height of the recession when people needed extra money , and maybe it helped people make their own counterparts to remove their homes to strangers .
The same with Uber .
Voters were looking for advanced money , and it was very important .
From our previous success , Citysearch came when people needed networks .
GoToToTo.com , which we announced in 1998 , came out when companies were looking for rational ways to attract sweat .
We thought the idea was great , but actually the time was big .
And then some of us failed .
We founded Z.com , which was a website development firm .
In 1999 to 2000 , the spread rate was slow .
It was hard to look at the stuff online , you had to add the code in the browser and do other things , and the company finally got out of business in 2003 .
Two years later , when the problem of code was solved by Adobe Flash and the number of communications increased by 50 percent in America , the same time YouTube appeared .
Great idea , but unbelievable time .
By the way , before YouTube started , there was no business model .
So in summary , I would say that accomplishment is really important .
Idea is also important .
But time can matter .
And the best way to estimate time is by clients , are they ready for what you offer them .
And hopefully , this insight may help you reach higher rates of success , and to do something wonderful for this world that otherwise would not have happened .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of expectations , and I had a happy start in college , reading , having dinner , getting into college jokes .
I felt very unhappy inside , rather than scared , and I was terrified of other people , of the future , of failure and desperation that I felt inside .
I walked out of the seminar , and it all started , and I was setting myself up , and I was cutting my pen , and just like hundreds of times before , when I suddenly heard the voice , I was like , &quot; She &apos;s coming out of the class . &quot;
I listened to them , there was nothing around them , but the clarity of comfort and truth were unambiguous .
&quot; She opens the door . &quot;
That was the start . The sound came .
And he went on for days and weeks commenting to the third person .
&quot; She goes to read . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded and even , after a while , oddly friendly and secure , although sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
So for instance , when I was angry and I had a lot of sleeping , because I was angry and I was angry .
After a while , the heavy conversation started , that ordinary people didn &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it meant that something was wrong with me .
I told my university medical doctors about this .
And then I became interested and helpful , so I told him about the strange comment .
For instance , I was working at a television station with students in a field of knowledge in university , and during one tough conversation I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry Dr. , I need to go .
From that point on , I &apos;ve been immersed in a series of events .
I was sent to a hospital , and then I got a schizophrenic diagnosis , and then , worst of all , I was struck by the terrible , terrible feelings of addiction , addiction and perseverance for myself and my future .
When I was determined to look at that voice not as experiential , but as a symptom , my fear and my desire to be counted increased .
And then I was basically struck aggressive in front of my own mind , and it was like a spiritual civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and these voices were contradictory and funny .
Do you see that glass water ?
There was a struggle of fear , of avoidance , of uncertainty and of misunderstanding , and it was a struggle in which I felt ashamed , unable to find a target than a consensus .
Two years later , my condition was very profound .
I had all the crazy repertoire : loud voices , absurd hallucinations , odd , uncompromising belief .
Now , remembering those ugly years of confusion seems like something had died , but something had been saved .
The tribe started a crazy and confused person , but the person who delivered it was a crime and ended up becoming a person that was forced to become .
In my life , many people have influenced me , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it comes to the same grave , but it will always come in summer . &quot; &quot; 14 minutes is not enough to elicit all the good and well-meaning people who fought with me and for me , and who were waiting for me to come out of those missing , singular places .
At first , it was very difficult to believe that because the voices seemed counterintuitive and ridiculous , it was necessary for the first step to learn how to distinguish the metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the word that I previously believed .
For example , the voices that propelled me to kiss my house taught me to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not a real danger .
At first , I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting behind the door of my parent &apos;s sleeping bag to protect them from what it looked like to me , actually speaking up a sound .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , can you see ? &quot; &quot; Seriously .
And I finally got all the pieces together , and each piece had my voice , and after a while , I gave up all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric field , but on the other side .
Now , I &apos;m proud to be at the International Year of the International Hearing Vices Movement , and it was inspired by Professor Mary Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , who sees voices as a strategy of survival , a health response to unintelligent environments , rather than a crime and a symptom of schizophrenia that needs to go on , and it &apos;s
This society is not just possible ; it &apos;s already becoming real .
In the words of Chaz , beginning with social change , you cannot reverse them .
You cannot recognize the person who is impaired .
You cannot afford people who are not afraid .
In the last 20 years , the Hearing Voice Initiative has established a network of voices in 26 countries , in five continents , working together to foster feeling of humility and unity , giving power to people who are struggling with mental issues , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially drives the road to unreliable self-esteem .
As Peter Levine said , a human being is a unique being encouraged by an institutional part to heal itself , and an intellectual trait can be used by that entity .
In this view , societal peoples have no greater pride or privilege of helping other peoples exit , to be polite and to raise their hands , to share the suffering and give hope to survive .
We are special . We are not changing .
What is hiding inside us can never be touched , hidden and removed .
Light never gets off .
As a wonderful physician once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people have told you about you .
Tell me about you . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because obviously these are photos that are impossible to photograph the camera .
However , my interest in photography occurred when I installed my first digital camera as a five-year-old .
It was closer to my earlier passion for painting , but it was slightly different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important for planning .
And when you photograph the process , it &apos;s over when you remove the mycelium .
So for me photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed like everyone could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , something different , something where the process begins when you break a magnet .
Pictures like this : road jobs are on the back of the truck .
But there is an infidelity .
And yet , reality is protected .
Or pictures like this : Both are dark and colorful , but all with the same purpose : to hold reality .
In terms of reality , I mean the reality of photographs .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you could actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture in any way as a photograph .
Images that require a brief moment of reflection in order to understand a limit .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea than the actual moment .
But what is it about slavery that makes it so realistic ?
Does it have to do with details or colors ?
Is it about light ?
What makes the illusion ?
Sometimes perspective is an illusion .
But the bottom line is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-dimensional surface .
It &apos;s not really true , we think it looks real .
So I think the basics are pretty simple .
I just see it as a sort of a blend of reality , where different parts of reality can fit together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
We have three wonderfully imaginable physical objects that we can connect to the three-dimensional world .
But to connect them together in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , in a way that could exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we turn the brain off because they simply don &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely illegal .
I see the same and putting the pictures together .
It &apos;s simply a derivation of different realities .
So what makes images real , I think , is something we don &apos;t even think about , what makes us in our everyday lives .
But when you edit pictures , it &apos;s really important to think about everything , because in the other case , it just looks like it &apos;s wrong .
So there are three simple rules that you should follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these pictures are not particularly special .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So , rule number one : Combine pictures should be taken from the same perspective .
Secondly , the combined photos should have similar education .
These two pictures contain both needs : they are photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : You don &apos;t have to be able to tell where different images start and where they end up . You have to be single .
so you couldn &apos;t tell how the image was actually constructed .
So by combining the colors , the contrast and the light in those boxes and the photoreceptors , the photoreceptors of the field , combining the colors and the silence , we are removing the boundaries between separate images , and in this way they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can be constructed out of hundreds of layers .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just manufacturing , and the bottom line is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for compromise in your own ideas .
But it takes a lot of planning .
With this idea in mind , I knew I had to plan for a few months to find different parts of the box .
For example , the fish were photographed in the marshmallow .
Cancer is from different places .
The temporal lobe is photographed at the bottom of the stone .
And yes , I even put the house on the red wall to look sweet .
So to achieve the realistic result , I think the main thing is planning .
It always starts with an idea .
Then we mix , we mix in different photographs .
And here , every part is very well thought , planned .
If you do the right thing to do , the outcome can be quite beautiful and quite real .
So all the tools we need are available , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents of Panama shattered the secret sauce , the deep office world .
Suddenly , we had a revelation .
The Icelandic Prime Minister stood up .
It &apos;s estimated that the shell business owned by two billion U.S. dollars related to President Vermeer Putin and his childhood friend , a supercriminal .
There are more tourists who are concerned about the emergence of new stories , about the change of one more documentary .
It all sounds like a snowflake or a John Grisham novel .
It &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s about ordinary people .
Why should babies care ?
In fact , if the rich and powerful individuals can hold money at an office and not pay taxes , that &apos;s less slow for public services like health care , education , policy .
It &apos;s important for all of us .
My Global Witness organization is this public invitation to phenomenal .
The media and political leaders matter how the office space can be used to hide its slow motion , and we &apos;ve been discussing that for decades .
I think a lot of the open-air world is glamorous , not understanding how it works .
I imagine it as a matriarch .
Companies can be in another company , they can be in another company , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all of the structure .
It &apos;s hard to get legal protection , and for educational institutions , journalists , for ordinary citizens , it &apos;s not enough to understand what &apos;s happening .
Interestingly , this event did not cover the American media .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there are no rich Americans who are hiding slow offices .
That &apos;s because the Mossack Foundation has fewer clients in the United States .
I think if the documents were removed from the Cayman Islands , from Delaware , or Germany , or Netherlands , we would see more U.S. interactions .
The privilege in America has enabled the educational workers to expand their students , their brothers , to invest .
This affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what an office looks like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers accepted them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t transferred , and yet there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not in an individual case .
The key here is how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows for education to drop out .
Unfortunately , the United States is reporting .
So what you want is the experience of Panama , given us a glimpse of the openness of the openness of the United States and the world .
We , Global Witness , are seeing this as a sign that time is shifting .
We need business leaders to come in and say , &quot; The secret business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians must recognize this problem and commit to changing the law .
Together , we can end the secrecy that creates conditions for child survival , corruption , money flows and so on .
Chris Anderson : Hi there , Johannes .
It turns out that your child , Wikipedia , in the last few years , is going to have more secretive documents than the entire world is printed together .
Could it be ?
Juan Assange : Well , can that be ?
What &apos;s troubling about this is that the whole world &apos;s print works so simple that a group of activists are able to communicate more of this kind of information than the sum of the parts in the world .
CA : How does this happen ?
How do people get those documents ?
And how do you ensure the security of the source ?
JS : Well , you can tell that these people are classic inputs of information . There &apos;s not one way that they can give us information .
We use state-of-the-art cleaning approaches for delivering materials online , without leaving traces , while information is being transported to countries like Sweden and Belgium , legitimate and legitimate .
We get information from electronic tattoos , simple messages or not , we check it out like a regular news agency , we give it a form — what we rarely do is really difficult , because language is about the overall distribution of massive amounts of information , and our own separation of the unprecedented legal and political population .
CA : So you &apos;re trying to make sure the documents are real , but you almost never know what the person is the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s right . We know in a very rare event , and if we make a step about it , it &apos;s as difficult as we can get the information as soon as we can .
( Whistling ) After all .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a CDC here on how to become a TED Talk . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you were looking for and what happened next ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s report .
It was a mysterious report that the Kenyan government announced in 2004 .
By 2004 , Kenya was about 18 , under Daniel Arp Moi .
He was the president of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibaki , with a qualification to improve the corruption in Kenya , they did this study , and together with another related response , they spent about two million pounds .
Given the information , the government wanted to use it for political pressure against Mi , which was — and still is the richest man in Kenya .
This was the victim of a Kenyan journalist .
So I went there in 2007 , and we managed to get the information in front of the election , the National Voting Fund 28 .
We published the report three days after a new president in Kibaki decided to marry the man he was going to celebrate — Daniel or Mi — and so this report to President Kibaki became an unbearable trip .
CA : So , by combining this , you could say that the information that came out of Kenya was not from the official media , but is it wrong ? You think it really changed the outcome of the choice ?
JS : Yes . This information appeared on the front page of The Guardian , and then it was translated into Kenya &apos;s villages , Tanzania and South Africa .
The information came from the outside .
And a few days later , it could have been published safely , and the printing of Kenya .
This knowledge in Kenya was broadcast 20 Westerners , and the Kenyan survey data transformed the test scores of the vote and went to the general election .
CA : It &apos;s called , your search information is fundamentally changing the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : So we want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned Baghdad .
The video is longer . This is just a short excerpt .
I want to suggest that this is not something that &apos;s more sensitive to people .
Radio : ... fucking , if you could , everybody will open up .
I see your element , four Humvees , one by one ...
I got it . Okay . Awesome .
Tell them when you see them . They &apos;re scary .
Ask them all .
First , fire !
( Cheers ) Sorry . Sorry . ( Cheers )
The button — Boumaster D-six , Boumaster D-six .
We have to move . It &apos;s time !
Okay , so we just attacked eight people .
Yeah , we see two birds , and we &apos;re still shy .
I got it . I see it .
Two , six , 12 , go .
Oops , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . All right , uh-oh . I dropped them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : The consequences for those of you who did that were serious .
We sent two people to Baghdad to follow a further study of this story .
Here are just three of the first accidents that took place .
CA : In this attack , 11 people died , right ? Two Reuters employees .
JS : Two Reuters employees , two kids play .
From 18 to 26 people died .
CA : The search for this video has resulted in a global appeal .
What do you think was the main reason for this unsatisfaction ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Perhaps people have seen untold power .
These are people who walk out of the street , and Apache cheaper than a kilometer away , each of them leaving a 30-millimeter caliber archive , looking for wisdom to shine and kill the people who rescue haters .
There were two journalists who were really not masters , but they were working on their own job .
K. Anderson : There was a famous analyst by Bradley Manning in the United States , and according to him , he acknowledged that this video had actually transmitted to you , and also 280,000 secrets of the U.S. Embassy .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to accept this cup .
Five days ago , he was offered a judgment for 150,000 pounds of cheating and 50 pounds of searching .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re looking at a report from the US Embassy , but it &apos;s not necessarily about events .
I mean , I &apos;ve been a common denominator in this embassy .
CA : If you had received thousands of cups of diplomacy in the United States .
JS : We would be looking for them . ( CA : Really ? ) JO : Yes . ( CA : Why ? ) JS : Well , because these things reveal the truth about , let &apos;s say , the government of Arab countries , genuine human rights violations in those states .
Looking at these hidden globes , this is the exact same picture .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy of action ?
Why do you think it &apos;s fair to share hidden information ?
JS : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information you can get to the exchange .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that organizations aren &apos;t sensitive to the efforts and the resources that they &apos;re putting out there , that &apos;s a good sign , and that allows you to hope that you can achieve something good , that the organizations that have that information that they know from the beginning to the end have have a lot of effort to gather that information .
We &apos;ve noticed that in practice , but from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk to individuals or to the whole community that information exchange can actually cause undesirable consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t in the context of our investigation .
I mean , you &apos;ve got a bad immunization policy .
There were cases where we had information that could be customized , that could be customized .
But there are times when legitimate information can &apos;t be distributed , for example , on health data , it &apos;s legitimate secrecy , but our sources that provide information actually have to be done .
CA : You have to build it .
And what would you say , for instance , if the father whose son is serving in the United States military , he &apos;d say , &quot; &quot; You know , you &apos;ve done what you wanted to find out about the rich incentives .
It turns out that the American War laughs from dead people .
It makes a impression that millions of people worldwide believe that American wars are inhuman .
Actually , that &apos;s not true . My son is not like that . How are you guys ? &quot; &quot; What would you answer to that ?
JS : Yeah , we hear things like that a lot .
But remember , for the people in Baghdad , for the people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch this video every day ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their minds .
They see this every day .
But video can transform perception and understanding the people who are learning all of this , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So that &apos;s a way to get light into black companies and government secrets ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that when you try to reveal the secrets to others , you are secretly keeping your own information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have one Wikipedia edited .
We don &apos;t have the resources that would be huge in other sources .
If we did that , it would be a terrible situation for us , but we do our work so that people can feel the moral support for our mission , not the other way around .
CA : I &apos;d be interested in understanding — what you &apos;re hearing — what the TED audience thought was .
It &apos;s understood that there could be different opinions about WikiLeaks and John &apos;s work .
Or a bigness , a heavy bigness , carrying light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s holding his head ?
Who thinks he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , friendly . You should be .
CA : This is the underlying list , Johannes , understandable .
We should do better . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Tell me about it .
JS : This is an illustration of what we do , what we do every day .
At the end of last year , a notebook took place in Albania with a few oil-drenched airports like the Mississippi Delta , just not that big .
We got the answer — a specific engineering analysis of instances in which it was written that conservation workers from some of the competitive , various oil companies developed buildings .
And that struggle has been engaged , and part of the government of Albania has been engaged .
The engineering response at the top was no explaining information , so we had a very complicated document .
We couldn &apos;t test him because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was about .
So we looked at the document quite skeptically , thinking , well , maybe what kind of competitive oil society is doing for its own purpose .
So we put the document up in the country saying , look skeptical .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
That material looks interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just look at it . And this week , we got a letter from a community that wrote a letter to find out the source of a document . ( Applause ) They said they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Say concrete .
What exactly are the documents that you &apos;re talking about ?
Can you prove that you have the right to own a document ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a graphic image of the document , and on the Microsoft Word ID , there were some documents suggested to him .
Okay .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s kind of like one of our approaches to identifying or looking at content , right — we want these guys to write messages to us .
CA : Did you get the information from the BP employees ?
JS : Yeah , we got a lot of information , but right now we have intense search and technical jobs .
And so our numbers in the last few months have come down , because we &apos;ve become increasingly interested in these systems now .
The problem of pay transparency .
Like any organization that starts , we &apos;re very excited about our growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that gets edited by the crowd itself , but we don &apos;t have enough people to process and examine that information .
CA : And what scares the most is the opportunity — or the lack of working with journalists , or the lack of Slow magazine ?
JS : Yes . And trust people .
I mean , we &apos;re an organization that &apos;s rapidly growing is hard , and it affects the way we treat it , and we need to restructure it so that we have people working with the highest levels of national security data , and also the lower levels of information .
CA : To give you a sense of how this works , let me tell you .
I said you had to learn in 37 different schools as a child .
Could it be ?
JS : My parents worked in the movie business , and then they secreted the following , so these two compounds ...
( Laughter ) CA : Psychologists would tell you that this is a recipe for how to get hurt .
JS : Who , the movie business ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were quite a young adventurer .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
I became an active journalist .
I sent a magazine that I was following as a teenager .
So you need to act compassionately with the hacker .
I mean , this is a method that you can apply in a variety of ways .
Unfortunately , right now , it &apos;s mostly mapped by Russians in order to revive your bank account .
So this word is not as good as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you &apos;re driving somebody &apos;s old bank account . What is your core value ?
Can you call them , can you tell us what happened that made them choose ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer that .
But the basic values like this — intelligent , rich people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they care about it .
This understanding was surrounded by my father and by other clever , poor people that I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : So intelligent , wild people don &apos;t leave themselves behind , they care about them ?
JS : Yeah . You know , I &apos;m in a fighting mode , so I can &apos;t really care about the crowd , but in a way — there &apos;s another way I could defend the crowds — it &apos;s to give the perpetrators the right crimes .
This is a piece that I &apos;ve been on for a long time .
CA : So , tell me very briefly , what happened in Iceland in a minute ?
Something assertive , along with the bank account , was forced to tell this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve changed your position .
That gave you a great popularity in Iceland . What happened next ?
JS : That &apos;s an unusual story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
It was a difficult battle for every country .
The percentage of the country &apos;s banking industry was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
And yet , in spite of the last year , we revealed the answer .
And the national television station has been banned for five minutes until broadcast , and as a movie says about friendships , and the reader has been surprised , &quot; Never has that been the case . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout all that time , on television , our website was shown , and we were in very exciting places in Iceland , we were going there , talking about these things .
There was a sense in the society that this would never happen again , and what happened was that together with some Icelandic politicians and international law experts , we created a new set of law enforcement that would allow Iceland to become a kind of official freedom survey , with the greatest preserve of journalists in the world , a new prize for free speech freedom .
Iceland is a North country , so like Norway , you can enter the system .
A month ago , these rights acts were the same as the Icelandic prior .
CA : That &apos;s right .
( Applause ) Last question , Johannes .
When you think about the future , how do I think it will be — or will the Big Bang even be more distraught , will there be more secrecy , will we observe the Big Bang , or can the process of both getting distracted ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen next .
There &apos;s a strong pressure to harmonize the right of freedom of speech in order to find more transparency — this is happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
What are we going to do ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
And that &apos;s why it &apos;s interesting to live now , because a shift in one direction or another can undermine a very small movement , in our power , one way or another .
CA : I think I &apos;ll tell you the audience the following : Jennifer , be careful , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( CA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
It &apos;s a good day .
My name is Ultimate .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I confront the balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , compositions , irony and arthritis .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Roman .
I took a picture and I presented a new meaning today , talking about me in Russian issues , making sure people who are not models but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer , only 12 years old , but in the middle school , he &apos;s blaming for a dance and he &apos;s carrying a violent bone , wanting not to be thrown off by classrooms like he shouldn &apos;t have personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait represents a metaphor .
And this is Nichita , one of the barricades at Santa Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I didn &apos;t love you anymore , &quot; &quot; quoting Halco from the movie , but I never saw his angle .
He &apos;s blaming his emotion , his romantic side , because in Russia , among men , it &apos;s not nice to be a romantic , but it &apos;s nice to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Black .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new help .
Sometimes I compare the face to the face and play with the words : the irony , the Greek person , the compared person .
( Laughter ) In fact , I ask the social questions that come to me in Russia .
The interesting fact about marriage in Russia is that most 18-year-olds , 19-year-olds , are now ready and willing to get together .
We learn from our childhood that successful marriage means a successful life , so most girls are struggling to get a good man .
What about me ?
I &apos;m 27 .
For a Russian society , I am a girl , and I have no hope .
And so you see me with the bones of the Mexican warrior , with the windshield lawn , with the windshield laid on my side .
But remember , ironic is the key , and I do it by motivating girls to pursue goals and dreams and to change stereotypes .
Be bold . Be irony — it helps .
Be curious and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a game designer .
In the world of games , we are reaching more .
So far , all the World of Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And that &apos;s not a particularly bad thing .
We evolve into communal and fragile creatures .
And actually , the consequence of that is more robust social interactions .
Five million people use it every month .
That &apos;s the problem , and I &apos;m trying to solve it .
He &apos;s doing wonderful work . He &apos;s sure why .
But this is , in no way , not an optimal situation .
We need to start making things a little bit more like game .
Before brilliant Play-Doh , we had our own hips .
People were suffering . People were fighting .
It &apos;s really exciting .
According to Herodott , 18 years later , the king decided that he needed to play the final party .
We want to imagine the tremendous happiness and then giving people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It will become an extraordinary story , and it will continue .
We have a mad narrative . We have skills as a local entrepreneur , the creation of the network , the sustainability , the vision and the outcome .
My big idea is just a small idea to open up millions of big ideas that are hiding behind us right now .
And that little idea is sweet .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is a full room of women in action . This is a full room .
Nonsense women .
I &apos;ve experienced what sleep is worth .
Two and a half years ago , I got out of the closet .
And I hit the table , and I broke the branch , and the right eye was blowing .
Then I began to rediscover my value .
During that time , I was a graduate student , and I was talking to doctors , researchers , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the road to productivity , the greater inspiration and happier life is to emerge .
( Applause ) We women will be faced with this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get to height through the bed , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , male-pattern males have become equal to males .
I was having dinner with a man who was treating me for four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you were five years old , the dinner would be far more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It seemed like a competition for ignorance .
Especially here , Washington , if you &apos;re going to meet at the party and say , &quot; &quot; Are you really crazy tomorrow ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to meet a couple of clubs , and I &apos;m going to meet eight of them . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very busy and productive , but that &apos;s not — they &apos;re not because we
So high I.Q.
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the key to leadership is to be able to see the glacier before he gets to Titanic .
And our titans have already expanded way too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Dalai Lama brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be crying .
( Applause ) As long as all the brothers would have walked a very friendly and connected , maybe the snow would have noticed the glacier , because it would have been seven or eight hours later , and you would have seen a shared picture .
So right now , when we face all the crisis in the world , what &apos;s good for us personally , what &apos;s causing more happiness and gratitude , efficiency in our lives , what &apos;s best for our careers , is the best for the world .
So I invite you to come up with some great ideas that hide within us , connect the edges and discover my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This is a story about how imagination should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first came across a rather ordinary material — a web of spiders , ages , for the same purpose .
Today , I use it to create long-term , wasteful forms , a scale equivalent to fossil fuels in the cities of the world .
It didn &apos;t look like I could do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
In fact , after graduating from college , I went to seven art school , and they all got rejected .
I started training myself and became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to give to the paintings , I sent the paintings off the boat , and I also went to the town of Mahabharata .
There was the last day of the show , but my pictures were not published .
I had to take something .
The village of animals was the sound of their skull .
So I tried breast augmentation .
But for creating large enough sculptures , this medium was too difficult and expensive .
I walked out to the emergency room , and I watched stars shifting their networks in languages on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but once I looked at it in that unusual way — a new way to create sculptures , a new way to create creative forms without tough and elegant materials .
My first favorite sculpture was originally designed by combining these words .
This is a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Cloudburst . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We immediately uploaded the sculpture .
I found her glittering surfaces with every wind in me constantly changing her writing .
That made me hypnotize .
I went on to teach the traditional classes , and I worked with the amateurs , and then I went to Lithuania and the news .
I loved the details that I could express in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger so that from magic objects they could become the ones that could make a difference ...
Back in India , we built a network with half a million hand-carved cups , and the culture was short in Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban man named Manual Sola-Morals , who was designing crime design in Port-au-Prince , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long-term piece for the city .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow protect my work .
To make them sustainable , well-engineered , long-term , as opposed to particularly frugal and brief .
Two years ago , I was looking for a plywood that would hold ultraviolet brushes , thick air , thin air , and make it easier to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would hold the network above the glass in the middle .
So we exhausted this 4,000-pound load cell .
We had to design it so that it could move freely with the snow and maintain the uranium wind .
But there was no design software that could model something that was blind and moving .
I came up with some great airplane engineers designing the burqas for the American Arctic Circle , Peter Heppel .
He helped me challenge the two , to get the perfect shape and the easy move .
I could no longer build the same way , because I couldn &apos;t use my hands to clean the guns .
So I &apos;ve collaborated with an industrial network factory , and I &apos;ve learned the capabilities of making machines , and how they don &apos;t need networks .
But there was no language to be translated into this unique old dress of machine operators to produce this .
So we had to build a washing machine ourselves .
Three years later , and two-year-olds were born , we removed 50,000 square feet , roughly 15,240 square feet , a dense network .
It was hard to believe that what I just imagined was building , long and unexpected was not a single authenticity .
( Applause ) This place was white and moving .
Now it has meaning .
We walked past this sculpture for the first time .
I watched the wind shut off by creating choreography , and I felt like I had a consolation and a connection to the heavens ...
My life wasn &apos;t like that anymore .
I want to create these skyscraper urban areas all over the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new directions that I &apos;m working on .
The historic tour of the city of Philadelphia : its trajectory , I felt , was needed to make it easier than just a web sculpture .
So we experimented with exquisitely small pieces of water to create dry milk that could be shaped by wind , and in experimental explanations , and also people who could be shared in all of those places without light .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway street on the ground in real time , as if it &apos;s an x-ray of the urban movement system .
Another challenge : international culture and ideas sprung up in the Biennial of the Americas , run in Denver , and the organizers asked me if I could imagine the full suburbs of the West Bank and their commitment in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami disappeared across the Pacific .
He &apos;s outfitted the tectonic plates of the Earth , rendered the fossil record of the planet , and , by the way , has shrunk Earth &apos;s day .
I contacted the NOAA and asked if they would share the tsunami , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called 1.26 , which means microseconds that the Earth Day passed away .
I couldn &apos;t build it normally using a pencil .
Their structure was too complicated .
So I took a metal armature and I modified it into a tiny , tiny network of material , 15 times more thin than a pencil .
This sculpture was already totally unthinkable , so it &apos;s so easy that it could be attached to the building and just become part of it .
There was no computer program that could design complex networks like this and model them in terms of terrain .
So we had to create this .
After that , I got a phone call from New York ; I was asked if I could apply my work to Times Square or High Line .
A new way of thinking enables me to create and build sculptures that look like skyscrapers .
So far , they haven &apos;t had the funding yet , but I &apos;ve been dreaming of bringing the sculptures to many of the world &apos;s cities , where they &apos;re the most demanding ones .
14 years ago , I was looking for beauty in a traditional , visual form .
Today , I &apos;m going to break this with high-tech and engineering to create some attractive structures of scale .
My creative horizons are expanding .
I &apos;ll finish with this story .
A friend of mine called me and the city of Phoenix .
The lawyer who never thought of art , never mind the local art museum , cut out everything he could , from his workplace , and forced him to go under this sculpture .
With the costumes stuck on the green , there were wind turbines , surrounded by strangers sharing a surprise discovery ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
To understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We literally lose some skills .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
Basically , I became a body of a woman .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely different from one another .
Sorry . Thank you . It was very nice . ( Audience : I don &apos;t care . )
Information characteristics of energy are collected through all of our sensory systems at the same time , and it creates a multitasking image of what this current moment looks like , what it wants , what it knows , how it feels , what its sounds .
I &apos;m the energy essential , with the environmental energy , tied to my right-wing mind .
We are perfect at this moment , we are in oneness , we are wonderful .
My left femur — our left femur — works differently .
Our left-hand side is thinking gradually and metaphorically .
Our left-hand side is full of thought .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wondered what was wrong with me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
