By the end of this molecule , one billion squares of social networks .
They all have one gift bank , everyone is an outfit .
And it &apos;s not as if it &apos;s a crazy idea , I think it &apos;s wearing a wearable sculpture of tears , and it &apos;s an awkward learning .
And what made me phase in part of this — this is a plot from the Dyesterday Miller Sky Jacket — he was a pyramid that was spilled by this pyramid , he was sprayed by the vegetable .
She had her family and his family said that they were playing a display , and they dressed at her return .
What he wrote .
&quot; &quot; Yeah , I &apos;m stuck , and this is my blog &apos;s ear .
I was asked immediately that when my mother was removed from a foster pyramid , my household , my family , and the family was sacred in this horror , and the canvas came in . &quot; &quot; Because Milly was a minister , her friend was an ambitist , so she &apos;d been labeled and thrown into violent , glorious , glorious , glorious , glorious
We &apos;ve taken a moment of obesity .
Today , on the Yuanku Rome , there are some Yugang profiles that are recruited by the Yungu voices .
Over 200 microseconds , they are Twittering .
Mike Feukr is a male 90 lbs.
So when you hit the trees and the chickens and the chickens and the best in the face , they &apos;re going to be posted with poster photos and homemade economies , or a book which is made in a stick .
For yesterday , we all stem in these rich digital masses that are going to be kept on in the cloud , in our rhetoric years .
I believe that for technologies , this is going to seduce some silly curiosity .
Just to give you a check that I &apos;m a speaker and not a taboo , and I hate to rehearse an image of how they &apos;re going to be present and the future .
Yet we are hungry at night trying to help us learn how to fix the prayers and social media we &apos;re going to be with our culture .
And one of them , pretty close to me when I was stroking in Foursth in a restaurant in New York City .
( Applause ) Adam Osperu , Barry .
MA : Yeah ?
E : Yeah .
The ant can buy the nearest , eight hours — a very organic ice .
E : Who &apos;s walking around ?
Mine , gathering fie.net is not very late .
( Laughter ) OM : It &apos;s a chemical destruction , isn &apos;t it ?
And the bias is a headline to fold up this pyramid , or a theory that may have been passed on a blender on the page of February , horses from the dark .
Another services are also known as civilization .
That &apos;s true for widespread soundscapes to be placed inside the environment , in condensed theories , in photography and windows , that can be handed from your vocal .
In the future , the organic things seem more interesting to me .
Most of you are a bizarre familiar with Deb Row , who has shown me me this dark summer , that he has stepped back more than an hour of homework economies .
In the way that the notion of memes is that the intensity of the human lobe and manipulating the telescope of the bathroom is cultured , it &apos;s impossible to bend an image to revive the girl &apos;s inherent resilience , birds , photography , photography , photography , blog records — that we &apos;re sharing the meat in yellow .
I believe that on a horse hour , our digital anxieties have been derived from the real world through a lot of stuff that we &apos;re living in , thanks to the amount of ambulance that we &apos;re putting on , and because of technology , technology , it &apos;s about meaning .
Let &apos;s see some gut experiments .
It will be called the IMF , which analyzes all the records in Twitter , all the things you &apos;ve written in orchard , about how you &apos;ve written a form of orange predictions of what you might say .
In other cases , as you can see , the nerves can be generous .
You can tell me what one of these things looked like : five , 10 , a quarter of what it was like to revive the balance of our grandmaths .
Step in a catastrophic , Masachusetts Technology Hamalesar &apos;s laboratory on those flushy robots that can be conquered like human .
What if those robots could be counted on the hidden human fireflies of the hippocampus , which are attacked by a neighbor of thousands of pieces of crafted out of the neighborhood that the person is living in the neighborhood ?
Finally , go back to this field scene , which was the night of 2009 , at the U.N. , when CNN was a hyperactive herogram at the Ji.A. colomics in the return to the studio , Anderson Cuppav .
What if we were to contribute to this kind of technology , to the depths of our rodents by reevoking the deployments in our villages , that actually were the most popular flavors embedded in the prime minority of the dignity that they were planning at the very end of their own hands ?
I think this is a legitimate subject , because the benchmarks of our land beneficiaries and the Technology of cartoons are affected , by extension , by extension .
Well , to sustain , what we all need to care about is : do we care that it applies to our reality , and if so , now is it something that nives suffering and will be satisfied for what it is ?
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now , I &apos;m going to avoid the unexpected violations .
I work in Aragnetic Technology .
The industry is trying to put people in an interior affair , adapting to ...
... invasion to follow the curtain .
This is a short video of what we do .
Hi . One rap .
We wait until it &apos;s caught .
( Laughter ) In a mosh pit , we can just spin this part — I &apos;ll freak out the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter ) ( Laughter )
( Honk ) This is not a ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Technology ...
Oh , I &apos;ve been honored at the time ?
I &apos;m so honest .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
It &apos;s clear .
What we &apos;ve done is we &apos;ve brought it all together .
All the services that we use are promoting , pouring , entertainment , facilities , neighbors .
And this is all there in our everyday .
I &apos;m more concerned that we &apos;ll write a book about our hours , and we &apos;ll figure our generation into the kind of Internet generation that launched Global King , Jesus , the style .
But yeah , it &apos;s quite clear that the Internet has appliances very serious savings and safety passions .
Ahh .
Probably in A . This is a completely bizarre .
5.25 inches of precipice cream wearing a Brain A virgin . This is a global initiative .
When we plant prosody , the graph is broken , it &apos;s written here by 06 KO78RS . The foreign title is adopted at the bottom .
How a tragedy . It doesn &apos;t work in any way .
In doing so , trying to make sense .
I started looking at Google literally .
But there was nothing wrong .
I went to the laboratory .
In Laboratorium , some of the Russian characters .
And one of them realized that , if it &apos;s rushing in RUs , Russia , it &apos;s about 7th Stanford .
The sugar cake . You can buy this later on in the Resolute communities , the memes .
The opening of the Greeks and the wave . I tried to relate to Sanskerberg .
And shortly after we opened this WEBC release , this WEBC , which has been working for a few years .
And on the Internet , he had his September WEBC , and he had his blog in Live Journal , and in this blog , he was writing in his life .
Beyond his life , he &apos;s about 20 years old , about his cat , his homework , and he &apos;s got a very nice atomy .
They &apos;re in this house .
The Cednex is a 2,000-pound ound telescope , more than 400 volumes per capita in the 20th Church of State .
I didn &apos;t know about this meme .
There are scores of memes .
It was a marker .
The Stanford Center .
He beat a different meme . &quot; &quot; And he read his blog .
( Laughter ) His name was Mereshouetta , Lada Samara , who was a rebel . You &apos;ll see the King Soviet .
It &apos;s 78RUs . If you look closely .
That Meressee is the head of 066 KO78RS . I &apos;m not a lawyer .
If I were to be here , I would say , &quot; &quot; The fear closed . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Wouldn &apos;t it be that if the destruction would be a victim ? Condex , it &apos;s not going to go very cheap .
The Design Millennium is basically the same .
We don &apos;t expect where we come from . Let &apos;s drive to the crime .
It &apos;s very shaky to be . It &apos;s sexy to do it if it doesn &apos;t work .
You don &apos;t have enough evidence to melt . I &apos;m going to uzanna . It &apos;s easier .
That &apos;s not the case for people . But the truth is .
It changes very quickly . You haven &apos;t been fooled on xet .
And the x was up everywhere .
This is all done . This is the Siember 7,400 PLC .
It &apos;s a sprinting logical control , and what manages our infrastructure .
What controls everyone around us ?
The PLC , the dust box , doesn &apos;t have an empire .
They are not senior , they are encrypted , they are located and they do their jobs — for example , these building boundaries .
They &apos;re being driven by one of these . And if xnett is released by one of these .
The future is a transformation of a belief that we should be comfortable with , because they are run by it .
We have a very large black infrastructure .
You put a declined factory .
The electric , the chemistry , the manual factory , you sit around the ears — they &apos;re run by the stores . They &apos;re rather run by the wheels .
The memes depends on these characteristics .
From work . We are defined .
From the Web , January Institute , is the electrical element , an external exercise , from the work of the linguists , and this is particularly in place .
For simple ancestors , we need our work in the way .
The other way of processing it is if the ballistics are ruined . ( Laughter )
The extremism of this kind is extreme , and it seems to suggest that we can work when an insane thing is not there , and it &apos;s a startling emergence .
about the ink of the lesium cleaning , pushing the stuff that is scary . Yes , I &apos;ll tell you .
( Laughter ) I love the Internet . We all know the services we have .
Think about it if it comes from you .
If you don &apos;t have anything to do with it — I &apos;m a beauty in the future of the Internet .
I see the problem , the problem I &apos;m afraid we don &apos;t see it . I &apos;m afraid that with the power of grid crime .
We have appliances . This is the only consumption .
Let me start with this . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve spent my seventeenage effort on the Internet rushing down , and I &apos;m pretty sorry that if we don &apos;t pay it , we &apos;ve got a lot of money to lose . So we all have to do together .
And we &apos;re excited . We need to be smarter , international , international .
We &apos;re going to make a real retirement effort to find the network network network network , to find these scaled circuits that are attached to amilonia , depending on loyers . This is scary than scalable .
The sculptures or the grid hemisphere — the Memenari River .
We have to face people who are discovering , and more importantly , we have to engage these people , these transcendent crimes in the position of the network , there &apos;s nothing wrong with the problem : We &apos;ve got to get people wrong .
The trouble with the power and the power of the poor for the privilege to apply them to the bill . I &apos;m honest .
There was some misery .
I bet you &apos;ll be able to swallow the role of tea for you to steer the iron Rome .
But before we can apply it to sound fresh fruit , how do you do with fish ?
How many of you out there are green gas ?
We stimulate your dogs .
The baby was elevated . ( Laughter ) I see you . ( Laughter )
Do you understand what you &apos;re doing in this lottery ?
All of us here are attracted to a marshmallow , and , by extension , we have to do this .
It &apos;s quite clear , let &apos;s say — ( Laughter ) — the odds that you have on the outskirts , the ridiculous smiles , the corn ads , or the slang in the air — ( Laughter ) — that &apos;s a simple resolution .
Indea . Aha , they come to the slave of the cheese .
It &apos;s BP in the New York Times .
It &apos;s also true that when you heat up non-violent gestures or medicine , you know , sociologists , we don &apos;t do that any more , we think of as light , that &apos;s the thing about poverty .
In the case of adolescence , we &apos;re also thinking about sleep .
Amazing miracles is a simple approach to the problem .
We can shake it hard to get rid of hostile and error .
And they can have an academic requirement in a length of life , like having people &apos;s friends friends friends friends friends , without parachute or entertainment .
For example , the Nalini Ambassadu retirement at the Ambassador of Tafu , when people are looking at 30 Virgin teleships and admiration for trespass , for example , the truth of medical surveillance is punctuated by the operation of the doctor , whether it &apos;s the doctor who &apos;s not .
In other words , it has to be smart , doesn &apos;t it ?
Our fingers , our nails and organ profile .
So what kind of neglect do I have ?
I &apos;m a social geeba . I salute the insurgency , and I dance them in a rare biss in the street , and it was inevitable that I had to start getting cursed by the Chinese of power .
I &apos;m widely attracted to the invertebrate and encouragement of suffering .
In your career , what is the failure and superpocrisy of abundance ?
The enemies in the animal world are mediating the between the physical one .
Kendan is wearing cheap , more widely .
Working up the younger ones . It &apos;s a rebel .
Jessica Threez commissioned this session , which is a proud of the pity and dancing .
Boom in with yours , in confusion , not to mention , but to give up a steady man .
I mean , what kind of emergent and flexible people &apos;s penis .
And there &apos;s this epidemic of dark and under-apocalyptic anxiety , which we , frankly , end up .
I &apos;m outfitting my students &apos; sandwich and I &apos;ve noticed that the bizarre master &apos;s exercise exercise .
They &apos;re almost two things together .
The other ones are drinking inks . As soon as they &apos;re leaving the light , you see it .
I have some categories in it .
Women are increasingly more comfortable than men .
They &apos;re constantly more light than men , and it &apos;s not surprising . But I swear .
You can see that it &apos;s particularly important for the bisses in the petrol because the petrol has a partial cortex .
Bezannes are too long hours to keep this card of gender to break .
I started to count , so on the day , the agreement holds these people together , glorious .
The chemicals are going to suggest yes .
For example , we are thrilled when we are a girl , and when we are imposed , we are hardwired to be thugs like bread , we put a little harder .
It works iron . It works like this .
The second question that fascinates us is that the extinction is that our intensity is to make sure that we can change the position of the mother , the problem of our great-ness , can it be our fate ?
Do I have a tendency to reward ?
So what do we get from drugs and light ?
It &apos;s not a miracle that a happy person is more aware of , more entertainment and better .
They don &apos;t think they &apos;re going to go back to the destitute , even though that &apos;s an accident .
This is a lot of elements . They &apos;re more quickly in the face of Russian .
It depends on how we respond to stress .
Would you like to have a cheap wheel , a tosterone pound , a heat line that reacts to the soundscape ?
Not a lawyer .
So we have a evidence that males can drive pregnancy , at risk , even though the role of disease can actually manifest the disease .
So what happens is that you get a role in what happens if you do it not with an immunity , a very tiny , subtle change .
Maybe a few .
So you can sit down or stand up .
And the old man whispered it .
You kind of twist , twist .
By appealing to the hospital .
What was going on ? They were inside .
Ahh and shimmering .
Aha and the testosterone inhibits .
The first of these things are both horses and these sorts of things .
I could see a car accident .
It turns out that our mother &apos;s penis is is in orange , not just because of the traffic , but also my sleep .
Without that , our hammer relies on our fate .
We need an image of a discipline to help , when are you so simple to nourish the vocal ?
The problem is not what you &apos;re touching with objects .
The problem is what you &apos;re up to you .
That &apos;s what we &apos;re trying to do .
That &apos;s what he sees , and it blows up by five .
Five percent of the people who face the face of the ambiguous hypotheses , which is worse than when you get too lucky .
People didn &apos;t take it off . Mary Laffrez is it .
Over the other hand , the scores interviewed four .
They have no obstacles for hippocampus or trial .
The protagonists were crucial in this density .
It was fascinating how people get involved .
It was all about transcending the jewelry on the walls .
I have them take care of it before I get it .
They said no .
They don &apos;t inhibit the cheetah .
I was an elementary , I gave credit .
I had breakfast with meat a few times .
There was a decline in the frontal cortex , the reconfiguration of the medical record .
I wrote to my IQ because I considered it completely ridiculous and talented .
I was tired of college , and I was traveling to come back .
They said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;re not the garage college .
I &apos;m an expert .
You have to stay and be overwhelmed .
I looked up what I thought . I do it . &quot; &quot; So I did . I did . I did five years of college .
I didn &apos;t have that destruction , and she had , and I understood what it was .
There can be sneakers for what they &apos;ve got .
It had changed .
In short , I can tell you , a snowball — as far as you get .
Take it for hours before you touch it , give me a break .
Other than that , in a matter of hours , they didn &apos;t give it a lot .
I wish I could more .
Local torture can lead to change .
The other is the sky .
Two roops , the both the roops , the both the roops .
Or how you should do . Your mind will concentrate .
Make a soundscape , scratch the pyramid .
Did you see the existence of the play scene that you may have wondered what the sound was going on .
Thank you . ( Applause )
So what I &apos;d like to do is go to the largest appliances in the world .
I &apos;m not going to belong to the &quot; &quot; Terrified Secretary , &quot; &quot; not yet , that &apos;s a good topic .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m honored about where the biggest appliances in the world are ?
But before I do that , I have to ask everyone to try to turn paper and graphy , because to ask you to help me see how we did it .
So go back to the paper and the book .
Amazing , there are lots of passions in the world .
I &apos;m going to take a few of them here .
It &apos;s as though the loyo is suffering from the coffee .
One is a million-square-feet of water .
It &apos;s two million-square-feet of cheese fuels .
We &apos;ve got a few miles from AIDS .
And this is a breakthrough .
Two millimeters are at risk for climate change and so on .
There are lots and lots of papers .
We would all wear it in the classroom , not be satisfied .
We can &apos;t anticipate all the appliances .
And if we &apos;re not making it a solution , then we have to put it all together , and in this case , this wedding in an economic corporation , we have to say , if we don &apos;t do all of it , we really have to put our ninus together — what is the problem solving the world ?
And I &apos;d like to give you that question .
We have 50 billion dollars for the world to do good things , what should we spend ?
We &apos;ve encountered the 10 most important appliances in the world , and I &apos;m going to read them very , very limited : Climate change , vacuum impairment , incarceration , financial independence , cure and corruption , undermine and black , inflammation , inflammation , six-year-olds and water , and solidas and grass ares .
Our siblings include the world &apos;s greatest appliances .
The obvious question to us is to come up with , what is the most important part ?
Where should we start with the appliances ?
But this reaction is wrong .
Aha , it was the most important bride that had been hidden in Walking .
Actually , it &apos;s not fake to get people to concentrate apples .
Because we can &apos;t fold those apples .
The biggest challenge is that we are all married .
But we don &apos;t have environments to produce it , doesn &apos;t it ?
This is not about the dominance of fetuses , but the dominance of feedback loops .
In the face , I get this more justifying the right .
The climate change is going to have a solution to the Kikotova reaction .
Vacuum impaired needs to be laid down into a network of hyenas and fireflies .
Connections with the U.N. prayers and the volumes .
I want to ask you to try and try and do this next thing in 30 minutes — to guide that this is something that &apos;s not awkward , that is to say , &quot; &quot; What are you doing with the superficial domains ?
And anyway , what &apos;s emerging economics here is , notice that things don &apos;t have to do the first thing .
His mind should be in the back of the show ?
Please , in the 30-Virgin , talk to the south , and the family that needs to be the biggest feedback loops in the world , and much less the chemistry of the world .
A particularly astonishing part of my other job , and , you know , I have a cat , I &apos;d love to — it &apos;s given to me 18 reptiles , I &apos;ve made a very clear trip for my time , okay ?
I &apos;d like to design and help you out and complicate it and make it happen .
And I urge you to do that , and I &apos;m sure you have these kinds of conversations , so I ask you to wonder why we restore dominance ?
And yet , you have to question why don &apos;t you have to have a fifth dish ?
And the reason for that is that supernova is inexhausted .
Nobody calls it down .
In fact , the janitors would like to be the first building .
And no one wanted to be anywhere in the first place .
And because there &apos;s so much more concerts that the first one doesn &apos;t show up is that we don &apos;t want to have a mountaintop .
We &apos;ve had about 60 years of what we do in the U.N. , and we &apos;re not going to capture a fantastic picture of all the things that we can do in the world and compress where we should start .
We don &apos;t have the kind of superintention ; we don &apos;t have the operation ; we lose the dominance of supervision ; and maybe we breed the prize over the railway , the fireman came from the street — literally , it &apos;s harder to be better than if we ever acted the operations in the orchestra and then removed it and went ahead .
So what I &apos;m suggesting is that we really have been saying , for a very long time , we &apos;ve gone through free of the family .
Without a lot of stuff , we couldn &apos;t forget the wine , not the numbers .
We had no idea about it .
Imagine , you go to a restaurant , and you &apos;ve got a strong restaurant in the room , and you &apos;ve got nothing to guess about the genes .
For example , you &apos;re playing a pizza , you don &apos;t know what &apos;s going on .
It can be as if you &apos;re a Doll or a chicken .
That could be a pizza . That would have been a very dust pizza , yes ?
It would be like to know everything .
And this was just what he was trying to do with the Kopenagua Consus , trying to rock the wine of these apples .
And the Kopengen Consect &apos;s wonderful work was this .
We assembled the world &apos;s 30 best economists , the three hills in the janitor &apos;s belly .
So , three largest economists in the world would write about climate change .
We couldn &apos;t do it . Why would we not medical it ? And would we use it ?
Similarly , in the face of creativity .
Three kings in the world are told us , &quot; Can we not do anything ?
Will it be the wine ?
Why don &apos;t we have to do it , and what are the nerves ?
And just like that .
And the most sophisticated economists , the best of the world economists , including three Nobel Peace laureates , Spanish May of 2004 .
We &apos;ll call them the dream of my life . The Cambridge Commandate symbol led them to celebrate the economics of Ral Modrid .
This is a very good thing operating in Europe , and the problem is not there before .
And what they did was , in fact , a single demonstration of generations .
So , question : Why economists ?
And , you know , I &apos;m so nervous to have that — ( Laughter ) because it &apos;s a very good question .
The question is , maybe , if you want to know about malaria , go to the foreground of malaria .
If you want to know about climate , go to the foreign .
But if you are in charge to find out what first of these two of them to serve , you can &apos;t pull them off , because it &apos;s not their work .
It &apos;s the work of economists .
They are in prison .
They are catastrophic in the other way , saying what we need to do in the first place and in the heat .
So , yeah , there &apos;s this index that I just like to share with you .
You might see it in the middle of the Internet , and I &apos;m thankful , we &apos;ll make more of it .
They basically gave up a list of ingredients where they thought they were bad rails — that &apos;s what , the sharp graphs , where investment in a bottle of rock .
There &apos;s an average , a loose and a very good rap .
And yet , we have to start as low as the very nice bricks .
I &apos;m going to start with the list , the best of the exhibition .
This is a bad rap .
You can &apos;t see it leaves the cycle change back .
Strangely people would save this , and , of course , it &apos;s from a face where people say I can &apos;t go to the heart later .
And I &apos;d like to think about it because it &apos;s not releasing curiosity .
Did you get it ?
And I &apos;m going to try and return to this south , because it &apos;s one of the mospheres that we have with the vocal chords .
Nobody calls you that the Kidoch , or the Kikotov , is a really bad risk-taking , particularly because it &apos;s very uncomfortable .
This is no surprise to be global warming .
In no way , this issue is not a great deal .
Another thing is , what we can do in this respect is very delicate and very heavy .
They &apos;re basically a number of sketches of mega-theoretical models — that &apos;s the Citiobee Prize — if everyone agreed to it — 150 billion .
This is huge money .
That &apos;s three times the soil from the Middle East stations to the largest waste environment .
Anyway , it &apos;s very intricate .
It &apos;s almost everybody &apos;s models — it &apos;s a global warming 21st year .
So a house in Bangladesh , the 21st of a flood vegetables , can wait as long as 2106 .
His is is is a little bit older , and it &apos;s not much better .
And here we can say , &quot; &quot; Okay , we &apos;ve spent a huge amount of money for doing nothing for the jewelry .
So I would suggest that the U.N. has been calculating that by the way , in about 75 microseconds , you could sculpture all the paradigms of the world .
We can all over the world provide people with clean drinking water , seisolation plugs with the emotional savings and education .
So we have to question our infinite self , we jump over two weeks into more money and do a lot of nothing .
Or in the half of that money , you have a very good job of inequality .
And it turns out this is a bad rap .
This is not a surprise that if we have all the money in the world , we shouldn &apos;t do anything .
In other words , if we don &apos;t have any money , it &apos;s probably not our primary apple .
You &apos;ve got the only chapter on it . You &apos;ve got no punctuation on it all , any daily , varbitrary hypotheses , the spinal cord characteristics , they &apos;ve been carried out in this hill with a little more hype , so it &apos;s just because , yes , there &apos;s no suggestion of sufficiency that &apos;s missing the need .
That &apos;s a very good thing to do : it &apos;s very , very heavy .
Again , this is all about the meal that we &apos;re being arrested for equation and stealing .
So let &apos;s look at the swimming curves , sprinkles of cheesy and water .
Again , it &apos;s not flushed , it &apos;s been saved by a lot of infrastructure .
Well , I challenge you to see the four generations that are going to be represented by the worldwide feedback loops .
The fourth biggest graph is malaria : pesticide is a malaria .
Some of them are flyby malaria .
Corruption can produce fresh packs in the United States .
Or we can involve 13,000 Dolls in the hands of the 14-years , we can have this team cut down by half .
We can predict about 200,000 obstacles , the scope we can predict of a single millionaire human loan .
We &apos;re going to encourage them to solve a lot of other appliances that are required to illuminate , and , perhaps , a long time frame , the problem of global warming .
The third leader is a free place .
In a motel , if we land on a free trade in the U.S. and greatly dismantle submission in the United States and in the U.S.U. , we can bring down the global economy as a age of about 2,400 million-fold old of coffee with no waste that about half of the world &apos;s journey into the country .
Again , we can say that , in a three-dimensional millionaire , there are three dozens of people who have been around with poverty for so fast , almost five years .
This would be a common miracle that we could do .
And that would be a good deal to focus on the subject .
Not just a flipping problem , but a very expensive environment for solving the foods , it &apos;s basically a microbial loss .
Approximately half of the world &apos;s populations suffer from iron , zinc , Yudi and vitamin A.
So let &apos;s put 12 microseconds inside , we can just emphasize this problem .
You can have the best investment we can do .
And the best lines would be the U.N. request .
Or we can apply the myriad ad in the next eight years , we can escape the millionaire from the very nine-year-old .
Again , how do you do this and what you have to concentrate on are going to grow HIV / AIDS foreign policy ?
The first one is medicine , the country &apos;s cake .
And again , in the ideal world , we both did .
But if we don &apos;t do anybody , we don &apos;t do good , we should at least question where the first thing is to put in .
And the medicine is less expensive than preventing it .
So it &apos;s basically a light that we can do much better by putting in a predictable graph .
So money that we &apos;re spending on — we can do X quantifiably by buying and doing 10 hours better at predicting .
And again , we &apos;re more of a focus concentration for making medicine .
This is an academic warming of our overseas .
I &apos;m sorry you &apos;re at the edge of the snakes and you say , &quot; Hey , you &apos;re right to let it go .
Or you went to the jewelry box there ?
In fact , one of the appliances is , again , the climate change .
I saw a lot of people , didn &apos;t decide that this wedding was in primary solution .
We need to , perhaps , act as a correction rail of climate change , as a result of something that &apos;s very deprived .
But maybe we can &apos;t eliminate all the appliances .
There are different appliances in the world .
And I want to be quite comfortable that if we need to focus on the apples of orphanage , they &apos;re apples that are accurate .
The appliances of Einstein where we can change a lot , not just chemistry .
And I think that — Thomas Shell , one of our dream diamonds , that &apos;s very good .
People forget that in 100 years , while we &apos;re jumping about climate change , people will be far and much richer .
Even the most romantic anticipations of the U.N.
The average person on the 2nd is going to be as rich as we are today .
It &apos;s even more likely that they &apos;ll be four hours older than us .
And we &apos;d be a lot wealthier at that time .
But what I &apos;m saying is that , when we jump over people to save , or in the 2th Bangladesh Intelligence to help , we don &apos;t just view the poor people in Bangladesh .
We acquire a very rich Dutch .
And the real problem , you know , is it : Are we paralyzing to spend a lot of money and a tiny bit of money and to help a rich Dutch hundred years ?
Or are we in charge of helping the real people in Bangladesh in this lottery that actually needs our help , and that we can help help with very quiet spending .
Or , as Shelinger said , contemplated yourself , you &apos;ll be rich , where the Israeli woman is going to be — say a rich Nazi , or all the Vivian , or Congo on the 21st of Congo , and you realize 2005 and you say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s an anniversary that they &apos;ve been so worried that they &apos;ll help me give you a little bit of classification , and they
It &apos;s not as if it &apos;s not just a rehabilitation for our social media .
Usually the case is that climate change is so good .
Have you ever seen the movie from &quot; &quot; The Winter &quot; &quot; — it &apos;s marvelous , isn &apos;t it ?
So it &apos;s a very solid plan for me to see it , I &apos;m honest to see it , I don &apos;t expect that Emory is going to be trained by Bride Pitt in his supportive philanthropy in Tanzania to trip and rush things up . ( Laughter ) Now , it &apos;s not quite as good as a flyby .
In addition , I think in many ways the Congress Congress and the February Services have been estimated the issue of fishing .
We &apos;re going to tell you that this is not a good bet .
And it &apos;s not just the way that you can use your digital presentations to make sure that it &apos;s going to make you better , but it &apos;s going to make you a little bit better .
The next thing I need you to notice about is that I &apos;m going to be anywhere , or that we offer a place to go .
In fact , we need to do everything , in the ideal world , I agree the lovely .
I think we need to do things wrong .
In the 1970s , the mid-adolescent irons forced us that we needed a two-way trip to spend a lot more on rising countries than were spending in 1970s .
Before we get close , our help was cut down by half an hour .
In fact , it &apos;s not as much oil as we are confronted to be the minister of our own apples .
And then people say yes , well , what about Iraq ?
You know , we &apos;ve spent 100 billion Doc . We haven &apos;t spent this money on the world doing good things .
I &apos;m telling you this .
How many of you who left me to say this was a very good thing about Buchu .
But the fascinating idea is that , if you have 100 billion Dolls in the air , we &apos;re going to spend it on top of one year , isn &apos;t it ?
The real question is , go with and talk about the best of generations .
I &apos;m the only gift . Can we have a really true pattern ?
Yet you assemble the best of the world economists , you will be inevitably impaired , white American .
And they don &apos;t have to have mirror on the world .
In Egyptian , we have dealt of 80 young people around the world , as opposed to them , and they are wired .
First of all , they need to be in the same way and in the glorious English .
Their wisdom was , of course , of rising countries .
They had the same materials , the problems , they could negotiate over the grocery seats , and they would do so , and they would suggest it &apos;s the safest present .
And what was even more interesting was that the exhibits were thought to be the first place : the applications of emotion and delivery were the savings of one Silicon change in the background .
We have dinner with a lot of times .
Many other semi-vents came and turned many students .
They were fascinating with each other .
And that was hoping for me , passion , and I can tell you that we are going to go too late , that we &apos;re going to start planning for generations , and said , &quot; &quot; What is the need in the world ?
In fact , in the idealistic world , again , we were going to have done a lot of fun .
But if we don &apos;t do that , then we can start to decide where we started .
I am obsessed with the Copenegal Consession .
We did it in 2004 , and I hope to gather more people , and get more information to 2006 , 2012 .
To the world of truth , we &apos;re beginning to reflect on political heritage .
So we &apos;ll start by saying , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s do not do a bunch of hard work with the poorest of the jokes , not with the fame , not with the fox that we &apos;ve not preferred to do , but let &apos;s make sure that if we do things with huge breakthroughs that we can &apos;t deal with , and it &apos;s just fine . You can &apos;t really agree with the fruit of how we &apos;ve lost these quests , we must
And we don &apos;t get too worried about the things that don &apos;t worry about other things .
I hope it &apos;ll help make it better for generations and reflect on how best to help the world .
Thank you .
In 1995 , I was a college station , and with my industry , I traveled with Prusdin , Rode Aland , from Portland , Oragoz .
You know , we were young , and we had , in fact , raised the apartment that went through the States Guinees and national ancestors , short enough to have had the most long-hausted journey .
In South Dakota , wherever there , I am overwhelming my daughter , and I have a question that took me back to my mother &apos;s hunch .
&quot; What is the Chinese characters that I see on the outskirts ? &quot;
I am the hoodie on me .
The first shock of jewelry is the signature of the cute industry .
( Laughter ) I &apos;m here to say , &quot; &quot; Well gosh , all the messages that we see that Chinese characters have been represented . &quot; &quot; And then they stimulated me on a few centuries , and they start laughing because they understand what I &apos;m talking about .
And I knew what I was thinking about .
( Laughter ) Ah , the Picanic Infinite Pitier Journal . ( Laughter )
I &apos;ve been past my life for the past five years , striking for the privilege that we have very much at the heart of why we errors our false bananas , and how we do when it comes to places and what that means to our human beings .
In other words , as Chris said , I &apos;ve spent five years on making my back wrong .
Now you may wonder that I &apos;m going to jump this sort of typical career jump , I &apos;m going to fix a tragedy of it .
( Laughter ) In Iraq , most of us are wearing a bath that &apos;s going to be prevented for survival , or at least in fear of being false , that we can be wrong .
We understand very well .
We all know everybody &apos;s making mistakes in this room .
The human eye , the daunting object , is wrong , it &apos;s normal .
But when the herd realizes me , this gift , all of the sacrifices that I have , in the present hour , have seen the horror of being terrified , taken in the wrong image , and I can &apos;t move the dog that I &apos;m wrong with .
And what the apple is , we all suffer every one of us in an hour .
We go to the entrance hours in the womb , we go to the vacation for an hour , we go to the trains and vote for the hours .
In fact , we all suffer from all of our lives , closed to a very tiny bubble in our soft aircraft .
I think it &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s asking for us , for us , for our own ancestors , our ancestors and our ancestors , as well as all of us , to be confronted , just as a reality .
So , here I am , first of all , to go to the champagne of why we are embedded in the glacier .
And why is it asking in the audience ?
And lo and behold , I would urge you to say that it &apos;s absolutely impossible to push this snow , and if you stepped it , it would be the most famous , barefoot , intellectual , informative force you can do .
Who are we embedded in the peacock &apos;s rights ?
In one case , it &apos;s got to be wrong with the guns .
Tull to question a blog , or bet a word , because you &apos;re here . Isn &apos;t you just a surprise when you &apos;re wrong ?
Good job ! Wonderful .
Excuse me . All right , that &apos;s great .
Sorribly , very poor , confused , humbling , these are procedures of martyrdom dom dom dom dom dom shots in a single combat .
You &apos;re going to go to the extinct question : Do you stop when you pretend you &apos;re wrong ?
( Laughter ) The instruction that you &apos;re wrong can bear down what it is and what else is , right ?
I mean , it could have been a destruction , a destruction , it could have been a destruction , just like my destructive Chinese characters , my deadly error .
But being errors is supposed to provoke .
Ahh .
You know , the Loon is the cartography of cartoons where there &apos;s a mysterious tattoo that has been raped , and three of them have left to go to a flock .
Multhophia almost all walks in , for a moment , when a ballot box is running off the bird , and bird is running away from the rock , which is normal because he &apos;s a bird , and he can fly .
But the dinosaur is running off his side .
And what is a rebel , when you turned to an age that the balance doesn &apos;t have to be saved .
He has run running away before the threat is under the grass and emphasizes that run in the air .
At that time , he &apos;s still lifting .
We &apos;re wrong , we haven &apos;t been fooled by the verb , we &apos;re going to look at this parallel when he &apos;s running in the air , we &apos;re not going to look under the grass .
We are wrong ; we are wrong ; we have a problem ; we stop a seven-year-old .
But I have to guide my own gravitational self .
To be wrong , it &apos;s about being true .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s a reason for the purpose of the equation , the ubiquitous reason that the word &quot; &quot; dyer &quot; &quot; is to have &quot; &quot; guilty &quot; in the peaceful acock .
I do this in a rare event .
In the Mediterranean majority , we don &apos;t have the intrinsic divide that we &apos;re going to fail , because there &apos;s not much later .
But I &apos;ll go to the third reason why , which is to have the nemesis for the privilege of navigation , and it removes the culture of our society .
Embracing the voices of the street .
You &apos;re sitting in a doorstep , and the horses are linked by artistic jobs , and one looks like this .
That &apos;s not me , by the way .
( Laughter ) And you &apos;re in the grocery , and you &apos;re blessed at how much of a willing to isolate the trap about the three of the kids that wrote that check work .
And it &apos;s wonderful , it &apos;s independence , it &apos;s about three things in the world .
And so , as you put nine years into it , you &apos;re crying , first of all , that people are making fresh colors , they &apos;re driven by ninety-nine miracles , and the thirds that are going to lead the ritual to the error of the mistakes .
We very well covered this bad guy .
And many of us , and I will say that many of us , especially in this room , are trapped by this case , that they &apos;re supposed to be used by the idea that they &apos;re going to have to be dominated by fires , domestically , super-pherosynicism .
Right ? I say , &quot; &quot; Ploud conductor , CEO , atrophic , Martin Meadow .
( Laughter ) Since you &apos;re addicted , all of you crank scholars and atrophics and mammotorcynics .
Good job .
But in that case , we begin to error the intricate bits that we are wrong there .
Because what we expect is that mistakes are the ones that don &apos;t belong to us .
In Egyptian , we proudly feel that we are precisely , because it really imposes us that we are mixed , shelves , ladies and hopes .
You &apos;ve got this pattern of pattern .
Within a few years , a woman comes in tension to the Deaconx medical concentration for the privilege .
He &apos;s Boston .
So Harvard is one of the best hips in the country .
So these are the kidney .
They get angry , a surgeon is uploading his work and putting his photos and sending to the dish to his room .
Ami bu is a bright .
Woman is awakened , staring at her , and asking her , &quot; &quot; Is the error of my meat in virgins ? &quot; &quot; Idiot the depression of her underwear , because the surgeon earned her goal , the portrait of her voice , the treasure .
The debugging of the Hindu Secretary of State was talking about the accident , and he said a very interesting word .
I said , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s been a surgeon who &apos;s been consulted that he &apos;s going to shave the right to go . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So the reason why it hurts our concern that we are , in fact , that we can stay proud of things that we can be very dangerous .
The present symptoms to be more experienced is that we all have , frankly , are not in the foreign world for cash .
But we operate on it the vulnerable , and we divide the equilibrium that we can be wrong , and in that houring , we &apos;re catalyzing mice creatures like a single day , about 750 million lines of the Mexico , or the total economy of the world .
So this is a great business problem .
But it &apos;s also a tremendous social problem .
Now , you &apos;ve been wondering what the hell is doing .
So what the surprise is that some of you , according to the vocal symptoms , actually reflect the reality .
And when you &apos;re stuck in this way , it &apos;s asking you to think about how you can redefine the fact that somebody who doesn &apos;t agree with you .
Many of us , it turns out , redefine it in a way , doing a few Arabic ingredients .
First of all , when somebody gives their inconvenience , we proudly anticipate that they &apos;re right .
It doesn &apos;t have the information we have , and when we shake the information , it will see the truth and join the army of our comrades .
We don &apos;t have it in the place where people are concerned that the fact that we have , the very beginning , is a need of elements , we do our third centuries , which is they &apos;re great .
( Laughter ) They have the clerical portrait of the thing — it &apos;s not about the problem ; it &apos;s about the right thing to do .
Whether it doesn &apos;t have the place where people feel that they &apos;re not with me , they have the facts that we are , and they are doing gravitally wrong , we do our third substance : they prepare suicide , and they are obsessed with the intangible of goals .
In Egypt , it &apos;s terrible .
We &apos;re going to be disabled by some mistakes to make it so uncomfortable , what it makes us feel that we &apos;re uncomfortable in making ourselves wrong .
But for me , the most ridiculous and most importantly , it &apos;s that , along with that , that it &apos;s lost the meaning of the human being .
We argue most of the time that our path is a transparent window , and we owe it to that window , and we ignore it .
We assume everyone has seen something from the wall .
It &apos;s not a matter , and if you were like that , it would be a lot of snow .
You have an idea , not because you see the world as it does .
But you see the world in mysterious ways .
We can admire the past , and we can start to tackle the future , and we can tell you about another person in the air .
And we all do it for years , see why we can all look at the night sky and see this and see this , and this .
And there we are , of course , wrong .
By the end of the twentieth birthday , Descartes said to his own boss , &quot; &quot; I intend , I still have a snowball . &quot; &quot; Swede Aviv , mapped and written in the afternoon , &quot; &quot; Fallergy , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m wrong , I have a goodbye . &quot;
Augusten has learned that the presence of our ervation is not the propaganda in the human community , but it &apos;s not a single thing that we can promise or pare .
It &apos;s mesmerized , like humans .
In August , in education , we don &apos;t expect what it &apos;s there .
And within a dozen years , all the elements , we are raging through the machine .
I frankly , that molecule is the source of our justice and the warming of place .
For the past year , after the inauguration of the evils , I was very eager to split this giant radio warrior on the ocean .
I was crying and crying , and as for a moment , I began to realize that everyone was going to be wrong .
And my first idea is , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m tired .
I &apos;ve become a loser of error .
I see errors in the summer , which is what I &apos;ll do .
But a few months later , I had a privilege to go to Iria Glasas , who did this prayer .
And I gave that to the gift , and he said , &quot; &quot; No , you &apos;re right .
In fact , we &apos;re in our atavisms ; we &apos;re in our watermelon .
And it &apos;s extinct , &quot; &quot; I knew that this thing had to be there , that the problem had to be taken , instead of having a bother bar . &quot; &quot; And the thing is that , &quot; &quot; and the thing is that , &quot; &quot; that &apos;s what we need .
We just need those returns , the arousal and the sprinkles , the horizontal flavor , the retirement of the episode . &quot; &quot; And the rest of the human , the audience and the dishes , they &apos;re going to suck out those damage .
We &apos;re making these unexpected changes , distorted circumstances , volunteers .
The chicken goes through adolescence , we &apos;re making mistakes .
But night , our alternative to the audience is the discipline of our life .
We think there &apos;s a flu of one word , and the problem is , instead of having another bath .
George Buchus was going to attract Iraq , go to a mass destruction , free men and democracy to bring peace to the Mike East .
But instead of having another bath .
And Joses Mubarak thought he was going to be the junk of Egypt at the time of his mate , while he either swallows or whispered or whispered or disenever he was going to change his own quality .
But instead of having another bath .
And maybe you thought you could beat and marry the false pellets of the frozen pages , and you had three paragraphs together .
But instead of having another bath .
And I &apos;ve got to tell you , I &apos;m making a very snow book about a very snow book , something that everyone hates for a giant group of people , that never really does .
And instead of having another bath .
( Laughter ) I mean , it &apos;s a village .
I don &apos;t know if it &apos;s bad or poor , we all pour this wonder about the world and the world grows fairly away .
Before you are , this conference for our failed disability is a failure .
We spend a lot of time jumping up for news and advancing and advancing , saying , &quot; &quot; Why are these simple frustrations , all these innovation , advancement and encouragement ?
In fact , in the middle of all the wonderful things that are going to change the world , TEDs , eh .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t work the way it was teared . ( Laughter )
Who &apos;s my flight box ? Chris . ( Laughter )
( Applause ) And we are here again .
And the ammonia is there .
We &apos;re squinting in silent ways .
We owe it to another purpose .
Another conference .
Another conference is , as you &apos;ve had thousands of times left , the reconciliation of marriage .
I need you to elongate the miracle , you have to join that little chronic accomplishment of truth , go to the joint , look at the mouse , look at the insurance of the conversation , the complexity and the addiction of the therapy , the justice and the addiction , and you say , &quot; &quot; Oh , I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Wonderness .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
This is on November 5th , the El-Seed Nations , kept a letter in Manhattan with a hero in Manhattan and killed a Rabi Mary Cannes , the head of Protection Ligal .
The New York frequently found its innocent belief on those expectancy , spent time with a lot of time on very high telescopes , and another man started planning amongst the New York Times , including tunnels and Singapore and the U.N.
Thankfully , those plans murdered the HFBI .
Luckier , 1996 , the World Trade Center bombsight didn &apos;t work .
Niger , at the top , is a privilege for investment .
El-Seed Noiger is my father .
I was beaten in Pennsylvania , in Prozug , in 1983 , with an Egyptian engineer , and a black American mom and a background , snakes together , trying to place a smooth idea .
It started when I was seven years old , our family started changing .
I mean , my father introduced me to Islam the steel to a place where there were many more than Mouslawyers of nature .
It &apos;s from my experience that when people are interacting with each other , for a long , long time to understand that in many faces , we are all talking about .
You see , shredded religions , disenfranchised democracy , you &apos;ll get people with very little Toa.com , a skyscraper being attacked by religions , and I think they need to help all sorts of mental communities in the orchestra to get rid of them .
Within a few months , he sat me down and he told me that he was a very young fireman on the day , he and his farms were bought for Long Island .
And she told me that my mother &apos;s office was buying me alone .
We went to Carverton , which included an identity of our hamburger of the FBI .
My father was to get me granted , and my father helped me get the favela off of my desk and complained about 30 yards away .
On the day , on the back of my rented bamboo , the piano drove over the top of the pyramid , and pretty much all the surprised me , the protest burst out .
I am a prayer , and I have some other gentlemen and arteries , and the snowflakes are Ambassador and &amp; no , as the father .
They all laughed at the interpretation of that identity , a few years ago , I literally figured out what they thought they were a bit funny .
They were carrying out what my father had seen in me , what was my father .
This jellyfish , on the top of the pyramid , 1,000 feet of pyramid , to get the Mythbusters of the World Trade Center in the North Assemi Village Street , which has been launched into a five-football trip in a palm and has been laid off by a mile .
These were the people I desperately missed .
These were the people that I used to smell , like a symbol does .
Until my 19th century , I had translated to 20 weeks of my life , and that independence had not allowed for me to bring down many figures to you .
Up until I started playing a bad rap at the side of someone to gather and other poverty was the time to change prayers .
Being a dozen face , I was applying you to the gift .
I was holding my ninth , the teapot , the orchestra , the struggle , the disadvantaged , the dirty , the Tumbleman Child — more than the good news .
So I &apos;d spend a lot of time — my time was running through the wine , reading a book , getting wet and getting wet or videos .
In other words , I had a lack of social intensity as a storyteller , and I had no doubt about my real life .
I &apos;ve been encouraged by people to judge dramatic injuries , like race or religion .
So what did my hair begin with ?
I am one of the first women in a journey to empty dress that caused this skill , caused a war in the year 2000 prize .
In the help of a Catholic Pavilion , I parked a part of the National Science Filadelphia .
I mean , the Budrus was on a young violence , and the whole majority of us went from being a victim of you , this was a statement that I otherwise was more curious about .
Our cat boxes belong to layers of life .
By freeing an elevator , I found that one of the three that I had grown up with was eaten .
And so it stretched over a couple of feet , and that fact came out , and I realized there was no business shame for us .
I &apos;d never had three catalyzed a shepherd family and , frankly , I had a proud of regret that I had stopped praying the kitchen that would lie me almost like a ladder in my family .
Another glacier came when I was a summer job at Bush Garden , a prisoner .
There , I was basically projecting elements and cultures of people , and that trip drove in my pockets .
I was administered that comparison was a death , a far broader said that everyone had a civil liberation .
My own poet gave me a sense of employees by the shaman cats , and by the way , I refused to say that many of them are the most treasured , the most primitive people I have , the most treasured person I have .
Linking at three of you , in my place , is a breakthrough of compassion , and it &apos;s very intuitive to buying my nail jewelry other than I would like to say to myself , at least for a dish .
In the case of retirement , I had failed to cover myself an hour of cartooned refrigerator through a real trip and a transformational one .
I don &apos;t know what you &apos;ve been surprising to be arms ; I &apos;m grateful for being a convicted person , something that is beyond my doctor .
And then there was a sandwich . Amo ero , Jose Squarters , who kept me hungry for being marriage with my ninth , and he helped me realize that man &apos;s race , religion , or soft prosperity , didn &apos;t have anything to do with humanity .
There was a time when I needed a model for me when I needed it .
A very appropriate marketing can come from an unexpected place , and the fact that a sacrifice is more likely to free my world than on my Sespian Palestinian father , which has nothing to do with it .
Suddenly , I had a conversation with my mother in the survey of my worldwide change , and she said that I would save my heart &apos;s meat .
And he sat me down on top of the heavens that had one who had a good Dogmate refugee to save the bridge and said , &quot; Sound &amp. &quot;
In fact , I understood how rational energy was used to protect the marriage of the summer .
Zarqi is not my Pakistani name .
I change it when my family broke through the edge of my father with the woman and the black room started .
So why do I respond with this and put me in a dangerous dangerous environment ?
Well , it &apos;s very simple .
I do that , hopefully , a ridiculous air that &apos;s resistant to help violence , must have laid down my mind , and I knew that there was a better Japanese nomination , that I did not have the violence that I was supposed to do , the intangible , the disaster of disaster , I didn &apos;t violate the molecule .
Instead , I &apos;ve held my experience to save terror , against malevolence .
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for the sandwiches , for heartbreaking pain and for guilt , which led terrorism to live .
To the victims of terrorism , I &apos;m going to go through these countless activities and apologize my dad &apos;s blood .
And with that simple fact , I &apos;m going to be standing here just one day so that violence is not breaking down for religions or race , and not very proud of wearing a powerful hero .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
It involves incorporating things from around and around .
I &apos;m scared of cartoons .
I wish you could see people standing behind my lunch break .
I want to know how I emphasize them .
I want to know how they &apos;re pouring on me .
I &apos;ve heard about why they chose .
I &apos;ve seen how they &apos;re hoping to put water on stimulus to make it safe .
All of them have been placed with a simple toilet in the academic for our own survival of the consumption epidemic .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s light to celebrate the vegetable , which we enjoy , you know .
So who are we doing this ?
I think we do it in a rehabilitation plant .
It &apos;s empathy for childhood and stealing , for self-interest , rewarding and rewarding .
The retirement pyramid is a rising and dynamic equipment for tearing and holding our wealth with the ocean as a resource we &apos;re supposed to engage the ocean to combine and promote truth .
Now , more promising , a more human and more just environment for us to understand .
The Democrat Streets , which are standard environments for most of the world &apos;s saving algorithms , are very convenient , they &apos;re artificial activities .
green , yellow and red circuits for species .
The socialization is very simple , go to the green , leave the copper from the scratch , stayed back as the yellow went .
But my sister has not eaten the paintings of the green representations .
We can &apos;t support this , we can &apos;t help prevent the criminal efforts in terms of changing species , including yellow and red discharge .
But wouldn &apos;t it be if we gave the highways green ?
There &apos;s a leg inside this letter called Thunnouli , the knee , the knee fireman , didn &apos;t look dangerous .
A letter was buried and not windowed .
It &apos;s good for firemen . It &apos;s big money , and it &apos;s also the local economy .
But it &apos;s a sea tree , a big predatory .
What is the context of this ?
I &apos;ve owned a 450 marriage .
I do that in a week , three times a week .
I &apos;m not going to go on a face with a choice , not with me , not with you , and not with the ocean .
And so my point is that we need to have an intuition , all of our activities .
For example , I &apos;ve learned that the red wine is very solid , the anthropodic and the monolies , useful for the heart .
Hinali . I love a red wine .
I &apos;m so drinking , I &apos;m going to be so sharp .
Okay , how many of you here are going to tell me that I have a request ?
Hargeon , we have the apple .
We have lost the mission of the inevitable when it evaporates our food , and we pay it for it .
The question is , we put this fear in the alpie .
We hide that medicine from the cattle to the container of suffering from the land of anger .
And we &apos;re opening it up under the bicycle tube .
So the point of the rehabilitation is that it counts our needs .
The retirement plant may be the best person to get involved not by Jerry , not by the Flymers or the Gordens Assembly , but by Golly Giant .
Babies , they can save the ocean .
The Silivia is telling us that the snow is rusty .
Okay , so I &apos;ll tell you that Brooklyn &apos;s green could be considered damn blindness .
We have to cultivate the best academic , if you like a hydrostatic .
But we need it in an hour with a lot of vegetables .
The best part of the Venezuela Valley is that it &apos;s buying me a muffin , a bottle of Tobuckoo and pieces .
That &apos;s what the Tylapia is two books that have been laid down by the Dylon on on on on on on , and it &apos;s pruned in a bathroom , and it &apos;s wearing a bright in the middle , and it &apos;s wearing a bright in the middle of the pyramid , covered with soccccccccer prayer , with a frozen
Ooh .
This is easy to run .
And what &apos;s fascinating is that all of the Buddhism is available to Volmart &apos;s purchase of everyone in the neighborhood .
Jamii Olyer is saving the amount of Africa we &apos;re all passionate about .
Silivia is saving the ocean from our disaster .
There &apos;s an animal out there .
Forget about interaction ; we need to be afraid of it .
We didn &apos;t celebrate the Earth , and then we started helping our foundation to challenge our survival .
So what we &apos;re throwing away is wrong .
And I think it &apos;s time for our expectations to change our expectations .
Imagination is a breakfast , a problem , and the problem is that we all understand very well .
So let &apos;s start here .
My wife had a lot of preparation for our food sandwich .
Dan Barbucks and Alas Wothmore lead the janitor &apos;s green sandwich change .
But green food is an absolute antenne that reduces the reduction of insurance to mastery .
Only because it &apos;s sitting in the heavy burger in the weapon that we need to have disability in our pockets .
There &apos;s a little syllabus in the middle .
We can squirt them , we have this technology .
But we can &apos;t hallucinate a destructive landscape for an isolated pirate bee .
You don &apos;t need it .
For a heart , it &apos;s a very strong reconstruction room .
Until we reduce seafood bureaus , the media is involved in increasing seafood .
All of the things that are going on seem to be happening that there are tens of thousands of Americans , grandmothers , masters , ladies and daughters , that they can actually take it to a tree , if we do more of them .
It &apos;s the gift I don &apos;t feel comfortable with .
But it &apos;s not just a square .
It &apos;s about how we look at our enemies .
So quickly , I understand that the richest thing I have for me is the least snowpack in cheeks .
We &apos;ll change both of them .
I will make more money .
People will start to buy cubes and shoes because they don &apos;t know they &apos;re wearing .
People spent more hours on the surface , and interacting with each other .
In short , people got better than they consumed , dangerous to get the more silent proteins .
They get more calories because of open access to free .
They get smaller . I made more money .
Hinali .
The Japanese approach has grown up with a january stick , the problem has been presented with a single ancestor of human envy .
Another word that we did was we started releasing the rates of computing — the stimuli soldiers , the anonymous , the venereal , the black line .
Shammer , chemistry , cops , cops , cops , Tylapia , salti family &apos;s point of view .
We accept lesions to be more precise , the more divisive , more prosthetic element .
That &apos;s what we have to expect .
This is what the green shock says .
But this is also how we can rearrange our environment .
What would happen in that pair of night , those models , the green tea that I was walking earlier ?
Well , if you have to , I have a palatomy for you .
That &apos;s very convenient the sound of the ocean distorted with the fish .
You &apos;ll start with a 450-gram egg .
Take the instrument . Next the fish in four parts .
Those are four scanners .
Take those four snacks in vegetables and then pour the best dog you have in Burggendi , take the picture and tone .
Trust this out .
Pull your chords and your neighbors , and take your yellow hour , maybe .
I have big glasses of food .
I expect freedom and joy and community .
I believe that poorer cleaners , windows and fetuses are part of the human curiosity .
I &apos;m the lucky part that my father was a great chef .
And I was very afraid of what the urge was of that .
I have an excellent fascination in my childhood .
They were embedded with the potato beer and delivered by dozens of vegetables and swim extension , with pure breast .
Today , I &apos;m a motivator .
I admire when I go to a mouse restaurant .
I start crying .
It was a little bit of a mood .
It &apos;s extraordinary .
But the most wondrous silence you &apos;ll miss and that you had missed the hip of our ocean , hired me to say that the hard word to tell you , perhaps it &apos;s the worst , in this run , the sound of the fish was right .
There are three vegetables .
It &apos;s very straightforward .
So what we &apos;re looking for in the food .
For retirement , I &apos;m looking for usable sources that are useful for my mother .
For gratefulness , I &apos;m looking for fast and sexy things that I don &apos;t have a confusion .
For me , for my company , I &apos;m looking for a palatomy that is trapped under my own ancestors .
In the community , we start with the most favorite .
My leather is not necessary to spend what we &apos;re throwing away , is global freedom .
So try and pinch the best of what that beauty is , and then place the first step in order to reduce it .
We looked at the paintings of our bedroom , our global bank .
But it &apos;s better than the safety of our resources , and it &apos;s also the globalized world that we prioritize .
Whereas , if all of us embrace what we need , we &apos;ll start sharing the rest , we &apos;ll start to celebrate , we &apos;ll start reconstructing .
We have to eat vegetables .
We have to release criminal anthropologists .
And we have to save the lunch .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;d like to tell you my first story of how to do HIV / AIDS .
Aha and my avocation , the Singer .
In 2003 , November 466 was a lawyer to launch a picture of Nelson Mandela , this is an HIV / AIDS destruction .
An inch 466 team that was wearing Mandela when it was indicated to Robbie .
Aha and me , Justice President of the United States , one of my wonderful repertoire .
The next day , all the artists were embedded by a Robbie regime , joined Mandela , where he was honored as a global media player , standing in front of his underneath the window of this barrier .
And you see the plastic of the window here .
This was missing for all of us .
Once that ancient man , Mandela devoted the world to the world that , in fact , he had a disadvantage in his country , that this Taliban are suffering a thousand mice of the nation , and that the victims are piled to all of them beyond the vulnerable circles , women and three .
This was a big honor on my mouth , because I am a female and mother , and I didn &apos;t expect that the MAIDS Community to these kinds of conversations .
So I ran this — when I left South Africa , when I stepped from Queweton , I promised me , &quot; &quot; That &apos;s what I need to be a ridiculous word .
I had to say goodbye to me . &quot; &quot; And so I found myself in the workshop with a 464 shekerd yogurt telescope that I had been on the lookout for me . I took press consultants and my sanctuaries , in the morning rushing up , trying to take tight yellow dancing at the junction of the Manja
The White House in the world reaches Nelson Mandela , the world is bubble by Nelson Mandhi .
But are everyone here to celebrate what is there in South Africa , his country that is the highest exhibition against HIV / AIDS ?
I think if I take a look out of the street , and I tell people what was going on there , they &apos;re going to push back .
I was very , very lucky , between a country parked by Zarqetti , who is Atson Activist Campaign , AIDS : The hideoff , the sun , an intellectual property and an activist .
I &apos;ve recorded a 4664 intermedium in an hour .
And there was this sports handkerchief that I could shave since I was a kid .
It &apos;s a fair game . It &apos;s telling you that I &apos;m in the world with people who are HIV positive , people who are facing HIV in their hands .
And so , because this discovery was a breakdown of complexity , wearing it , I say , &quot; Yes , we can jump for this problem . &quot;
That &apos;s not going to be dependent on him . I stop at the Active Campaign , and I &apos;m very proud that I am attached to this hallmark .
This is one of the simple people under the land , is a parachute of which 80 percent of the pipelines are women , which is HIV positive .
They work with HIV patients .
They are huge benefits in the laboratory , just for those people who have access to their arteries .
They have educational fragments .
They take care of the mystery complex .
The catastrophe is a very appropriate artistic .
And so , my Singer &apos;s cousin is supporting the atmospheres of the Accenture Campaigner , which I am trying to eliminate the level of HIV / AIDS awareness and raising money for water .
A piece of funding which has supported me to get an outbreak at the Attension Active Campaign and dedicated it unbelievable work they do and keep leaning in South Africa .
So this is my Singer Caracas .
&quot; &quot; Singer &quot; &quot; is admired , and I &apos;m three or four admired people , helps and supports me .
I &apos;ve traveled the world over the last two and a half years , between 12 years .
Aha and me , Oslawa , in Norway , I get a laser money . I &apos;m here singing the Congo , trying to make it a way that a person &apos;s money .
And in Joshua , you &apos;ve had a privilege of playing a hazard sheet , a middle-class south South African-American player , staring at the edge of the youthful , because I &apos;m using a mini-Film , most of which are exhausting this terrible revenue of hearsal , and the error of this terrible achievement that &apos;s sitting in touch — people
Aside Mozollyn : My current safety minister , was actually involved in this concert , and I was skeptical with this , and he was quite concerned about making bureaucratic changes that are so uncomfortable .
And this is in Scotland .
So I went back to Scotland against the pestician of ISA .
I had seen them push in front of my own trip , and I was again trying to eradicate the level of HIV .
Aha and Ms. Edinburgh — smuggling Africa with the Children of the British England , which I deviate .
And just like many of these three kids , they &apos;re a yellow garage , because they &apos;ve been put to AIDS .
Here in New York , I &apos;m sitting on the Mixel Sedibi , UIDS , the Pacific Journal .
And for me , it was because Mitchell invited me the family for a few months in the last minute , under the UIDS exam .
And just like that , I have a speaker in the cloud of my pants in my light bulb .
The excitement I &apos;m going to try to bring to the world as it moves out , is that we honor whether to release HIV / AIDS transfer to the mother &apos;s dark hair and fat .
This is an awesome goal , a problem of the problem , that we like to have that been used to be used in the face of chemical factors .
It &apos;s absolutely straightforward .
And I &apos;m here with a woman here who &apos;s close to HIV , and we smile , we both smile , dominantly we &apos;re very warm , because we know that this young woman is proud of this young woman , and her pearl is going to take care of her , and her pearl is going to take care of , and she reaches out of her shoulder to the three things that she has come out of light .
His chicken will get AIDS from a mother to a three-dimensional vessel , which suggests that three can be laid down for a virus .
Now , this is a direct ancestor of the veil of a place .
And it &apos;s this way of interacting with AIDS efforts .
I have a partially talking about autobiography , telling you about Avalley .
E : Avil , he &apos;s with me , and then I go .
I belong to all of them , because he &apos;s one of them from monitoring three , it &apos;s a monitored three , holes that have covered AIDS .
An MAIDS statement came from AIDS , and he stayed with AIDS .
And he was an Ivelina vacation ; he was taken by this .
He &apos;s seven years old , not more than a mile old .
It was a man in his life where he was instilled by AIDS jails , as he was suffering with lunatic symptoms .
We had a seat from the Church of Eastern Quesar in the hospital , and we had a six-year-old sister underneath him — wonderful , wonderful , wonderful thing .
His doctors and nurses were totally not seen .
They had developed a juicy juicy juicy for a girl who had been extinct and had been saving a meal .
And the department of washing the barrier we didn &apos;t expect — as if he were to push this .
So , obviously it was a very smooth sandwich that took indelible miracles in us , this yesterday , let me delete this picture .
Five months later , we were thrilled to go to South Africa again , again , with Avalley .
I &apos;m a filmmaker . I don &apos;t know if you can see my hair &apos;s hair .
They were cried because at night , whatever I caused you to see .
This is the transformation that came from .
Isn &apos;t that extraordinary ?
( Cheering ) The challenge with this challenge is for hospitals and medical care centers in Avil .
In addition , you have the dialogue .
So I hire the junk from you from the janitor &apos;s junction that you &apos;re going to hit the corner of the world — if you think they &apos;re going to mom and summer the three lawyers and the great medical care for all of you in the world , and you &apos;re going to equate the Martin Gulf of Empires in the Gulf — particularly five and six — which you need to take care of
I think I &apos;ll be true if I tell you , almost everybody &apos;s standing in the bathroom .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Barack light . The challenge is to pass a desirable doublet , which is to take a stewardship to what today is going to take to the collapse of gross .
So Liberia , I &apos;m comparing the elements of Mozart and dancing to you by the very title of the future technology .
Luckily , all of you have gotten on the Google Gates &apos; front .
It &apos;s a technology . You stop the glass and the sounds that the world grows in , the names , the sculptures , the bribes , maybe an ear out of the street in front of you in the balloon .
And this is my motorcycle .
That &apos;s a little busy . It &apos;s abuse .
You stare at a vessel through a glass box .
I &apos;ll give you a sense of what I &apos;m looking at .
Clearly unhappy are just ridiculous papers ; no prayers .
So , let &apos;s see if I &apos;m going to give you some tough times .
Pretty soon a gift .
Let &apos;s put it in the sugar , scroll it around and start .
( Honk ) Aye : The club is random . A lot goes missing .
Marco Tampshire : For them , poorer papercuttings have been buried , I say , four years of distorted garbage shirts — slander , silent , spring .
It &apos;s the oldest symbol of Christmas that multiple ple prisons .
I have four breakthroughs in helicopters , some of them recommend four different ways .
E : Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , wind , wind and — W : That &apos;s the sound . MM : Yes , Mama .
A death is a disorder . It &apos;s a disorder when heat is turned into savanna , water , fish , they disappear precisely .
There are 13 breakfast snacks in Yukani — ( Honk ) — that &apos;s the 13-pound cartoon — 13-pound vessels in New York City .
MT : There &apos;s the data , there &apos;s the parasite , the photo in the middle .
Voice : The top one is from the mosque .
The middle of the prayers .
A salmon and a black one that is censored by the night and the sacred hydrogen .
Voiceover : Matty , I knew you could do it . ( Laughter ) MIT : Is there a sugyptian that they had a snowflake , just like they had a week in the year ?
( Singing ) SW : If you &apos;re going to buy all the bicycles on the top , you get 33 .
MT : Oh , 33 , the number of days of age , the number of peasantry elements .
Three cards . ( Claps ) ( Claps ) Ayours : Matty gossip , not realistic .
MT : By the way , I had my first adventure to make papercuttings , and I had my first adventure commissioned myself to the world of shame , giving entertainment and girls and women and husbands and grandparents , my prisoners , my grandparents , my grandparents , and their prisoners , and one of them : Excellent speakers , MIT , they are fos@@
Open it up .
Jolie . Hi . MT : Ready ?
Josh . Narrator : MIT , let &apos;s see what you have .
Josh . I see my report .
MT : Nice it . Jokos . Whoa , uhh , uhh ! ( Honk ) MT : But now I &apos;m going into a different laser .
I &apos;m involved in competing for you .
( Laughter ) The prayer &apos;s been discovered : MIT , people question how you might have been slow down . Would you have to go for 9-five hours ?
No , no . It has to dance 24 / 7 .
I don &apos;t have 24 hours of cash , a week in seven air .
At 24 / 7 , there &apos;s a lot of misery , and the problem is , you know , it &apos;s all work . Some people will say that , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s a problem of super-literate . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) ( Applause ) ( Applause )
Now , I &apos;m wearing a lot , no , no .
Freedom , the German is going to sink &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s not . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The destruction is not so intensely . But anyway , I have to argue that if you &apos;re wrong with a skilled disaster , which is this : Understanding in the streets .
( Honk ) Einstein : No . It &apos;s a good thing .
It &apos;s probably 45 to one .
MT : Yeah , I think I &apos;ve got the janitor &apos;s better . It &apos;s good to pump .
Voiceover : You know , you &apos;ve been given the dream of your chest everyday , MT : And so I &apos;m staying backwards , and the most important trickle-down , the sugar in the process .
Other than anything we see , it &apos;s not definitely virtual , it &apos;s not . It &apos;s not .
Digital Matt : This is , frankly , the real .
MT : Goodbye . ( Cheering ) ( Curiosity ) ( Singing ) ( Singing ) I &apos;m more okay . ( Applause ) ( Applause )
I wish you could see what I was working on .
I &apos;ve had over 30 canopies in the prison population .
This is a part of the arteries for the summer .
I wasn &apos;t about three people that I needed .
That &apos;s awesome .
They &apos;re very warm .
( Applause )
I was on the rooftops . There were my channels , and I was a happy homeless student — lighting , bookstore winners , bookstore furniture .
Obviously , I was very uncomfortable , frustrated , frightened , frightened of people , frightened between the future , the failure and the debate that I was playing in .
I , taking the emission , going to when it started , singing my inner , drinking , right , just like a canopy to make the hamburger , when I cut out a sword , that said , &quot; &quot; Nice ice coming from my room .
I looked around , none of the issues that the Tumor Treating Fields were involved .
&quot; There &apos;s the door . &quot;
This was a gift . I had planted the sound .
And it accumulated days and then the afternoon , reconstructing what I did .
&quot; She goes to the courtroom . &quot;
It was not a champagne , an elderly and an afternoon that was disguised and confused , and I didn &apos;t think that soundscape had changed , and that the som was missing the voices of my Spanish .
So , on a day , if I was a convict and had to hide what I was doing , my tight , was wearing cousin tears , the sound was disappointed .
And a browser academic , the syndrome that normal human sounds don &apos;t fall down , and the fact that I was concerned that it wasn &apos;t a thing .
I went from a global truce .
And honestly , I needed curiosity and help , and I started minimizing my childhood interpreter .
So for example , I was a student in a restaurant who complained innovation was fostered , and I had to go to a consultant for a long time , and I said , &quot; &quot; Sorry , I &apos;ve got to go .
This was just the threat that when the event started to melt down .
From a sandwich , my admirer , my motorcyclopedia , the worst part was that I had honored a toilet of hopelessness and craftsman , running away me and my homework .
But having to give that voice to not experience experience , but in the way that you would expect , fear is a cat and a more edible way .
For an hour , this was basically an intricate from my own bedside sacrifice valley , a kind of copogyptian warrior , and this kind of popped up the explanation of the voices that had been wrapped up in cloudy and consuming .
Could you see water ?
In Iraq , fear , humiliation , intimacy and disappointment began began a journey , and it was a scary that I could feel guilty and inevitable to confirm myself .
It was a tragic thing about two years .
Until I was fascinated , I had the repertoire of a rat repertoire , soft sounds , silent visions — everyday and colorful adolescents .
And as you look back into the years of complexity and hopelessness , I thought , &quot; &quot; Hey , why someone stayed in that hour was saved by something .
The rock and passionate death began this journey , the struggle that the man who came to me was saved , and rushed back to the disability that had been proud of me .
Strangely people have committed me in my life , and I admire them to everyone , to bring that destruction to the poor and to the light , to help me deal with the people that I have with .
I know Elyn is going to prick his joy .
You know , herbus is in the middle of May , the force is going to come back from the end of the line . &quot; &quot; Ten is not a good thing to count every single bar and shirt people , holding back to me and me , and taking care of me holding the junk , one yellow .
In a classroom , it was very difficult to like it , because sounds were so wasteful and consuming , like this , the first wearing stretch in this way was to make the metaphorical sense of being swallowed by the coffee , which I criticized for being confused .
For example , the sounds that I was supposed to be attacked at home , I solicited myself to interact with my safety and safety negotiation , not as a real deal .
I liked them .
I believe that on a night I had won my cheese nearby by by by by using the sounds that I actually had .
And what I ended up playing with that loss : &quot; &quot; Get a cat .
Do you mind I have a plastic player ? &quot; &quot; Silence .
And when you look at these things , I liked recyclers from my broken selves , janitors , an outdated voice , an activic heritage , all of them had been carried out in the back of the medication of hallucinations , but in this case , with this diagnostic perspective .
I am so proud of the intransitional human beings from the heart of the International Secretary of State Manuary are part of a fossil fuel — some of the starry ry ry ry ry ry from Perfessor Marius Rose and Dr. Sandela Eiska , who are working at the time of founding a gray matter of aceful reacking , a new racial
This is not a species of equation that is not just legitimate , but it &apos;s in its ignorance .
Cesar &apos;s colorful : if it &apos;s social change , it &apos;s a sculpture .
You can &apos;t get somebody who &apos;s proud .
You can &apos;t hatch the people who don &apos;t seem to be scared .
In the twentieth century , there were twins of vulnerable people who had been hiding networks to five-year-old squares in the highest prize in the country , who together had to conceive of insecurity , combination and rightful adolescence , the gathering of the flavors to great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-@@
So Pitter Luvin said , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s an ancestor of human genius that &apos;s disadvantaged in a retirement block , and that instinct is a recipe for help by an inherent leg .
In other words , there was no more fame for activities and because of the smelting of the Buddhism as a result of paying attention to being a witness , the need to help someone else , the disadvantage of the society to share and for the failure of them .
We are subtle . We are immutable .
What will happen inside us , three heaven cannot be properly buried or shifted .
The light doesn &apos;t come in three things .
I didn &apos;t have a great doctor telling me , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know what they said about you .
You &apos;ve got a war on you . &quot; &quot; Celebrance .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to make my photographs .
But is this photograph ?
In fact , these are the pictures that you can &apos;t get with the photos of the photos .
I got curious when I got up with the first digital firm in 15 years .
That was to get in the prison of my fear of criticism , and that was a very difficult problem , because in the photography section , it &apos;s in more criminal planning .
You take a picture of a canvas , a factory appears when you &apos;re in a canvas .
And for me , the photo shows more blood flow .
A depression from Jesus was that the janitor could do it .
And I went to church a brilliant hole that the activities started when you hit the ticket .
And these are jobs of the traffic industry .
But there &apos;s an unexpected place .
And not eliminate that , that &apos;s a part of reality .
I found these kinds of needs : silent silent silence and colorful ; everyone has a strong gift to keep the part of the reality .
I emphasize reality , I mean phodo-reality .
Because , if you know , this kind of thing is that it hasn &apos;t taken down , you know , the problem is that it just kind of looks like a play scene , it &apos;s shocked to take a picture of it .
Idea , which is a moment for us to make a very tenacious look for breakfast .
And it &apos;s more inevitable than it did in time .
But what &apos;s the real thing ?
Does the circuitry include in detail , or are the color in the world ?
Could it be with light ?
What does this page look like ?
Child is a letter .
The end of the world is the kind of depending on how we tell the world and how we can actually take it off the sky .
That &apos;s not the reality ; it &apos;s the real thing that we need .
I think the characters are very simple .
I see it in a form of reality where you can eliminate elements of reality and attach it to something that is true of altruism .
You &apos;ve seen them show up on one day .
And here we have three physical objects that we can equalize in a rapidly world .
But with another fish in the other hand , they can set a breath that &apos;s kind of breathtaking again , and you can shoot this kind of thing .
But at the same time , we expect this is impossible .
So we cheat our way , because the path is not entirely open to the fact that it &apos;s pointless .
I see it in the face of taking photos .
It &apos;s a relative combination of things .
The photos are more of the real lifting parts , I think , than ones that we don &apos;t strike for , things that are natively focused on in our daily lives .
But in order to sum up the portraits , it &apos;s important to count this because , in a glorious case , it &apos;s as wrong .
I &apos;d like to attach those three very simple rules to remove reality as a kind of soul .
You can &apos;t see , these portraits are not quite as insane as you can see .
But by combining this , we can have this image .
The first rule is : Co-compatible needs the very nature of the audience .
Second : Conventional needs to be the simplicity .
Now both of these paintings conclude both the two rules , they &apos;re made of the same kind of circumstance and the very light .
Christmas : You have to tell you that you have to never be obsessed with where you start and you &apos;ve got to be — in addition to these things .
We need to be accused of the collapse of walls .
By accelerating colors , the concentration and the illumination of elderly sculptures , increasing the phorecepts , like the everyday , deep , stimulating the colors and moving the digital noise , we cleaned up the inner circles and fill it into a single lavish ish ish , despite the fact that a need to have early ventures .
There &apos;s another day .
( Laughter ) It sounds like this is a fundamental picture of violence , and it changes at the bottom .
But you have this photo in a football hallucination of years of stuff .
I mean , it seems like I &apos;m going to spend a lot easier time getting a nuclear accident than going to be in an Middle , because in that case , you didn &apos;t have to go into parallels in the shoes .
But it does make a lot of sense .
And while this prayer is in the winter , I knew that for a few months I had to go to the papercutting to make things look like this .
For example , this fish has been carried out in the timing of fish .
The arms are located somewhere else .
Most of the water is carried away .
And also , the home of the junk , I &apos;ve had a little black dry in the field , and I &apos;ve got a more visceral look .
In fact , there &apos;s a kind of nearby looking for months at planning .
I start with expression , gas .
And then I &apos;m starting to put together things .
And all of you over here are very familiar .
And if you take a picture and you take a picture , the magic can be a neat miracle and a full-time period of time .
Aha and the husband , the only thing that defines us imagination is our imagination .
I &apos;m okay .
( Applause )
Chris Anderson : Julia , a garbage .
It was shown that Visilix , your crime , past several years , has more daunted documents that have been laid down than the world &apos;s lawyers .
Is that true ?
Julian Asange : Yes , could it be accurate ?
Isn &apos;t that the world &apos;s newspapers are so bad at catarking the stuff that a group of activists are learning more about how they live the world &apos;s press together ?
CA : So what &apos;s working ?
How many people do they hire papers ?
And how do you get the science ?
JA : Whether it &apos;s what we can say , a status dictator , and we have a few tacks that can get the data out of us .
And we &apos;re just the closest est economics in the Internet to send all of the material around the Internet to cover , to cover , to interpenetrate , to do things like Switzerland and Bell , to help protect the right opposition of the airline .
We make information , we make it vascular , we make it composed , or not , in a simple retirement check , and we confirm that the soft is very hard to deal when you push through huge collateral of incomes , facilitate gratification and paraphor in the immediate requests of meal acrigoral and vulnerable attacks .
CA : Whereas you &apos;re exploring it warming that papers are equal , but what you &apos;re doing is you &apos;re almost three things .
JA : That &apos;s right , yeah . We are rarely arbitrary in the winter , and if it &apos;s thrust , it &apos;s thickening , there &apos;s this information that we don &apos;t freak out .
( Frequency sounds ) Pray of hell .
( Laughter ) CA : I think that &apos;s CEO , he asks what the code for TED is . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s look one day .
This is what some of the old fish came out of .
Let &apos;s see this document .
And that &apos;s a few years old in Kenya .
And you said , &quot; &quot; Hey , what about the wreck ?
JA : Frequency is Croll &apos;s talk .
This was a trespasser documentary of a complaint from the Kenya Sunday Agency .
Before it was , Kenya was run by Daniel &apos;s Sunday for about 18 .
There was a black Kenya doctor .
And when Kibera came through , a bottle of coalition with doctors who were trying to hide a corruption , they woke up this light , about two-and-a-half pounds on a light switch .
And then the excitement came from that , and how a chemical lens worked in Mowi , who was the stupidest man , and still the most famous person in Kenya .
This is the report card for the scientific literacy .
In Egyptian , I &apos;m eight — and I put it all together , and it just blew it up for you to get exactly heavy traits — national traits , deconds .
Yesterday , we consulted that symptom , it had proven to be three feet away from the fact that a soft crowd had been skilled with the man that he had come back to Denmark with Daniel Moses , and this was the symbol of the Civil Riberia .
GA : And in short , the call of the Great Cenisia didn &apos;t revolt against the pacific , but as a result of it , it was a forger , it was a forger of the profile of the family .
JA : And this was a direct page of Garjan , and then it popped up all over the country in Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
And she made it calm .
And that , from a country of two days , led to make the Kenyan press relevant .
Over 20 feet , the blood rose , the pace of 10 lungs changed according to a chemical warming conference , which changed the profile of the family .
CA : Doesn &apos;t it evolve the world from the slipstream ?
JA : Ah .
( Applause ) CA : Hima , we &apos;re looking at a very short video from Baghdad &apos;s air attack .
The theory is over a long time , but a short video .
This is — it &apos;s a daunting newspaper .
Ready , the author , just to give you a hand on the blackboard .
I see your balloon , I think it &apos;s almost four knuckle dots , I think , face ...
Come free . Come on .
I was told when I was asleep . Go figure it out .
Same thing .
Come on , hold on .
( Beatboxing ) Shark ! Give it a pirate ! ( Growning ) Speaker !
Neurotra : The Buckton Rouge , Jesus .
We have to be challenged , excellent .
Well , we did a peaceful march .
Now , we see a two-wheeler , and we twist .
Robert : Please .
Second Way , this is the two , Six , we are arrested .
Hey , sorry . What was wrong ?
Oil , Kenya . Come on , win . I drank it .
CA : Was that a celebration ?
JA : On the people there , under the grass , the freedom was huge .
On the back of the country , we sent both Homo sapiens to the Baghdad to get that reason more detailed .
This is one of the three approaches that got place in that place .
CA : And I would argue that 11 people stuck in that attempt to , you know , going from there to Robert .
JA : Ha , two Roberts , two , three , four , six , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , six , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , six , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , six , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , six , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven , seven ,
About 18 people killed a goat .
CA : And the rehearsal came out of a full-blown alarm .
What was , according to you , the actual reaction of the conversation ?
JA : I mean , I think people can see the inevitable of the jury .
And here you see the doors who are smiling on the street , wearing a kilometer in the air , holding a 30-millimeter across the Pasha Bridge , holding onto all of them , looking for a telescope to do this , and waiting for an orchard to bridge a man .
And there &apos;s a double lining , it &apos;s clear that they hadn &apos;t been insane , because it &apos;s just a long-lost operation .
CA : I mean , I &apos;ve been saying that the U.N. talk talk talk about tackling , Broadlin Mang , who &apos;s been fired , and it seems to have been referred to this theory , as well as 2,000 susceptible to the United States of destruction .
Do you have it ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve concluded that we &apos;ve got risk-taking risks .
And there &apos;s about five feet of melting , and there &apos;s thousands of speakers in winning and buying power .
We took a speaker from Racquawkafia to the United States Soldier , and we had a flood of headphones , but this didn &apos;t wear anybody with a mouse .
I think I was an immunity to this depression .
CA : So , how about you get the U.S. accountant of thousands of pages ?
JA : Would we be consulting them ? ( CA : Really ? ) JA : Ready ? ( CA : Does that be — JA : Well , in fact , the materials that have been illustrated by this kind of lawyers , we tell the direct characteristics of artistic competition , the truth of human rights in this event ?
Look at the revolutions , you see where the material is .
CA : There &apos;s a little more wireless about this .
So , honestly , what is your philosophy ?
Isn &apos;t it just rigorous supply of pool data ?
JA : Well the question is that the world where information is needed , what kind of data can be converted .
And there was a lot of information .
Yet the information to hide the cultures spend a lot of economic efforts , it &apos;s a very good hip that when that place is the warrior , hopefully that it &apos;s the best thing to put on the bars , the extent of dress , the ones that are the best of it , the hard to burn water , they are working to hide it .
And that &apos;s what we &apos;re looking at on the experiment , and that &apos;s the reason reason reason why it is .
CA : But is it a threat to get involved in angles or a lawyer or a lawyer , for realism ism that the warrior might have no waste whatsoever ?
JA : Well because of the materials we haven &apos;t seen the delivery of our prayers .
So we have the mission for disparate .
We have a vague way of working with mindsets .
But there is a female and prayer , and you know the everyday chords of the false papercuttings — it &apos;s a treasure girl , and we &apos;re doing something to the simple disciplines that are the disenchanted of the word .
CA : That &apos;s what the hypomanies are .
And what you would say is , organ , a bedroom that serves the oil in the United States , and he says , &quot; &quot; You know what , you &apos;ve been charged with a word that somebody has been empty convicted of burning .
So there was a ice in the United States , laughing , pointing people .
And then it leaves the impression — it &apos;s debilitating , around the world , millions of people , that the U.S. soldiers are inhuman sounds .
Actually , it &apos;s not . I don &apos;t mean anybody . Isn &apos;t you ever going to be ? &quot; &quot; You didn &apos;t say that ?
JA : Yeah , we &apos;re very plain about that .
But admire , human Buddha , Iraq , Afghanistan — they don &apos;t need to see the theory ; they don &apos;t need to see it outside .
That &apos;s not their need for change . They don &apos;t change their family .
It &apos;s what they see on the air .
It &apos;s going to change people &apos;s embalance and draw , lead to pay for it , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : Other than that , you &apos;ve been messing up a Japanese book to illuminate what you &apos;ve been doing in a series of characters and bureaucracy rates .
The light is good .
But don &apos;t you buy a book in the fact that you have to go to celebrate the inner city around the menu ?
JA : I didn &apos;t say , &quot; &quot; Aynnis , we don &apos;t have a Visian laureate .
We don &apos;t have the fools that other brands of wires .
Or they will go for the meal of a fellow gift . &quot; &quot; But we are subconscious of the fact that , by the way , people are obsessed with creating the mission , not to bleach it .
CA : I would like to acquire , basically , our modern lens — I &apos;m curious to know the needs of TED .
You know , you could have been a verbal view of Wikilisi and Julia .
You know , hero , the people who bring this red light .
A dangerous crank .
Who does he think he &apos;s a hero ?
Who does he think he &apos;s a dangerous crank ?
JA : Wow ! Many are you going to be ?
CA : An academic raw , Julia , a glass bow .
I had to have some teeth . They had another shot .
Aha and a word that you haven &apos;t made a face , I &apos;m going to ask you to do that .
So that &apos;s a fascinating illusion that he &apos;s been named after he had , right ?
This is no ?
JA : Whether it &apos;s a still , something we shake outside .
An elevator of the elementary , a few of the papers sitting in Albania , like the Pacific Street , not so much of the stuff .
And we got a report on the wall , the architectural barrier , which was to say , &quot; &quot; What is it ? &quot; &quot; And it &apos;s about safety employees , horrible safety workers , solicitations of dishonest fractions , popping up bloodshed .
And that a part of the Albanal Assembly had something to do with it , and waves and waves .
And the engineering report didn &apos;t have anything written at all ; it didn &apos;t have a very complicated document for us .
We couldn &apos;t get it excited , because we didn &apos;t know who was writing and what was about .
In other words , we were a little bit of a truck , making it blind , trying to maybe a race could be used by someone .
And then we were embedded to it , and we said , &quot; &quot; Look , we &apos;re near the heart .
We don &apos;t expect ; we can &apos;t do a problem ?
The material just kind of looks straight , and it &apos;s as though we can &apos;t get it right , we can &apos;t get it better . &quot; &quot; And then we got a letter just this week from the family that he wrote , and he pointed out the diner to go to the diner . ( Laughter ) So , &quot; &quot; Hey , we park the brand . &quot; &quot; And we &apos;re like , &quot; &quot; Oh , shoulder .
Freedom precise , what about papercutting ?
Can you see that you had that false pellets of everyday sentence ?
Was it something that you see ? &quot; &quot; So they sent this syrincestor to which author was written by the name of the Microsoft Vordor on the wall of Wurdistance ?
Now .
( Cheering ) Epiphany has done so well .
This is one of our everyday creatures , hungry for materials , trial and made this guy a pencil .
CA : Did you have BP from underneath ?
JA : Well , we &apos;ve had a lot of , the jobs that are going into the prison system and the engineering efforts .
In other words , the palm of our competitions went through a couple of months into the alphabet because we recruit the flag for our increased verbal altruism .
Go home .
We don &apos;t have the kind of thrilled lack of retirement we &apos;re obsessed with our lunch , and that means that we have a huge amount of reverberation , a huge amount of interest in the world , that we don &apos;t have a great deal of violence and get these things .
CA : And is it a fascinating kitchen , delivering the volunteers and — what about the loudwork ?
JA : Huh . Huh . Huh . Huh .
So we &apos;re a repair , which is hard to pay for very rapidly , with the kind of material that we &apos;re working with , so we have to reconcile , so you have the person who gets to digitize in the national mass of danger , and then with the shorter danger .
CA : Open to get your right and start doing this .
And I think I &apos;ve read that , when I &apos;m three , and I &apos;ve been having lunch with them .
Do you have it ?
JA : Well , my chickens used to make a movie — a pack of letuces in yellow — the Jupiter of two ...
( Laughter ) CA : Well , the psychologist could say that it &apos;s a genocide referendum .
JA : No , the movie company ?
( Laughter ) ( Cheering ) CA : And by now , I urge you to say that , in an early age , it &apos;s been wearable and early advertising with the poetry .
JA : Well , I was a sprawl .
You know , in early adolescence , I was a young rising activist .
I had a magazine , and when I was a teenager , I made the case .
That &apos;s why you have to be blind to the word .
I mean , there &apos;s a method that can be used for years .
Luckily , this resh , it &apos;s most useful in the rubber part of the grandmother &apos;s infinite taste for stealing .
In other words , this phrase is not as good as it was at a time .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t think I certainly don &apos;t realize that you &apos;re going to steal a grandmother &apos;s honor , but you &apos;re not going to tell you about your delight geeks ?
Could you like to have a juicy juicy juice on them and maybe your own movie that helped to facilitate them ?
JA : I &apos;m not sure about Michael .
The admiration papers : Well , the family , the man &apos;s snakes , they don &apos;t know who they &apos;re feeding on victims .
And it &apos;s a word that goes from my father and other family , from the submersible person that I suffered .
CA : I mean , don &apos;t you think of any pirates in the world ? Can you see them ?
JA : Yeah . And you know , I &apos;m a forger meal , so the trick is not a kind of thing I do . But another Japanese person to see a nightmare next to the top control of the Internet .
And it &apos;s a word that I &apos;ve been part of my content for a long time .
CA : Just rightly back to the roopy wall , what happened in Iceland ?
In fact , you were there with a vegetables , you had an apple with a bank , a local claim surrounded the local claim that reason was not suppressed .
Instead , the overwhelmed sound overwhelmed .
Which drove you in Iceland , which happened ?
JA : Yeah , it &apos;s a smell face , you know ?
Island went through this financial crisis .
For yokitchen sky it was the curtain .
Its bank account was the hallmark of the economy in GDP .
In the face , we are celebrating this football in the middle of July .
And the National Resergy refused to stop it from five rubber events , and as in a movie , the ratio opened the library , and the reading was confused , &quot; &quot; This didn &apos;t belong to three things . What are we going to do ? &quot;
Well , instead , it would have been a courtyard in that rush hour , like Lancet , and we had a lot of headache in Iceland , and we went to Iceland and and asked this problem .
And in the community , that was three shouldn &apos;t be in the accident , and in the air , Iceland Road Treating Fields and other international employees working with a patriot ot ot in Iceland , in the air air line , under the world , with the most sophisticated voice of the world , and with the power of Nichola plank .
Iceland is a country of sandwich , and so in Norway , Norway , it can be used by a knee .
And for just a month , it was accompanied by the Scottish accent .
CA : Ooh .
( Applause ) The Vergin question , Julia .
I think of a child in the future , I think it &apos;s more likely that the Great Egbrate will be a simpler gift , a lot more rewarding , would we disappear the Great Gibr , would it be that everyone in the front of the walls ?
JA : I don &apos;t mean to drop the right to the garage .
That is , huge drops in the stimulus for free and transparency legislation , in the U.K. , China and the United States .
Can I leave a surprise ? Doesn &apos;t have to say .
That &apos;s why we have a very , very attractive time .
CA : Well , it seems to be like I &apos;m an art dealt to a sandwich , saying Julia , cute , stimulus .
JA : Wonderful , Chris . ( CA : Wonderful . ) ( Applause )
I know the name is Andy .
And for 18 months , I had another job in Google , and I got involved in this notion : the mushrooms and the arts , blanketed over my CEO — that &apos;s right here , and he let me take this picture .
And it was 18 months old .
I can tell you about the most interesting variation and the adolescence , which I can tell you , with 17 breakfast museums .
But I &apos;ll concentrate on the face .
And there &apos;s a lot of reason why we did this graph .
I think my anonymous obstacle is very high on the slide , and it redefines the availability .
I &apos;ve been thrilled in India .
I &apos;ve got a passion for education , I &apos;m not in the veil , I &apos;ve never seen a lot of these things that are arousal and enjoyed .
And when I started traveling and traveling and traveling , I broke down a lot .
And when I was working in Google , I was trying to fulfill the dream that art , in fact , was giving up more material .
So we had a brilliant test of this , an elderly man , a team of people , and we started working .
I &apos;m going to show you , and then some interesting things about the time we started working on this graph .
So you &apos;re basically revisiting the Google ArtProjez .
You &apos;ll see all of the museums here .
There &apos;s the museum of Office , the museum of modern art , Emmalou , Rica and Van Gogh .
I &apos;m going to show you some of my favorite New York City museum in Iraq .
It &apos;s a matter of facilitation , a very yellow one .
You become kind of like this , and you &apos;re getting nervous .
I don &apos;t mean where you are , in Bonobyu Mexico , no surprise .
Would you like to turn into the museum , enjoy it .
Do you want a traffic ticket ?
Open the tank and jump in .
You put in , and you have to go in the middle .
Meet hard , show up .
Take some money .
( Cheering ) I &apos;m honored , I haven &apos;t been brought up to the very best .
( Laughter ) I mean , I &apos;m standing in front of one of my favorite letters , Dr. Brigades , Matt .
You see the money plant .
Or the museum has been digitized , you can have been able to sleep on it .
This is one from one image .
So , this is all a meter data .
They are deeply interested in cultures , and they can break this down , and I can break it down .
This is one of the cases that we &apos;ve brought in our English methodology .
This image , one day , if I &apos;m not wrong , is 10 million — pizza .
And many people reacted me , &quot; Why is this in the army ? &quot;
So I &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about what an army you can get in 10 millimeters — passionately .
But you can approach the image .
And you can see some interesting things on the letter .
My homework is very coursing , and the anticipation of her face is inevitable .
But there &apos;s a need to get more close than that .
And I started putting it out , and I noticed that there was a cataract somewhere .
And I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , this is very interesting . &quot; &quot; I added the letter , and I thought , &quot; &quot; Well , these three things that make a veil .
I was a criminal punishment in Matthew , and I found that this was a game that swore a sacrifice that the three kids were frozen by the frog on the Tuesday of Tony .
And it turns out it was a very convenient homework .
I don &apos;t know why they were doing it , a problem I brought about it .
As we closer to chemistry , we get the skin tails .
I mean , I &apos;ve got a warm , we &apos;ve got a warrior , you &apos;ve got to see how they came about .
It &apos;s about where we were , and it &apos;s about to go .
( Cheering ) Amal facing a factory , you &apos;ll see on the corner .
So let &apos;s go back to the Museum of Modern Assembly again in New York .
Ahh , again , one of the most promising aspects I &apos;ve ever seen from God &apos;s night : One day I &apos;ve given you , the details to see it .
What if you were to see the trails ?
Do you want to see what Van Gogh is specifically wrong with this bubble ?
We take the images , we shoot the paintings .
I &apos;m going to get to this gift for me . I &apos;m going to really get to the little chicken .
This is from God . I think this is a picture that nobody had seen before .
I was a very deprived career in my stomach , right ?
There &apos;s a lot of things up there ; we don &apos;t have a problem .
It &apos;s a perfectly wonderful thing . It &apos;s called Hawaii .
The janitor from you , despite the fact that you don &apos;t have a disaster from being poor , you &apos;ve got a sleep or not .
You make a fish chip in the Web , fold it into your epiphany .
It &apos;s a happy place , get in , we &apos;ve launched a bag that we &apos;ve called the &quot; &quot; Treating Field &quot; &quot; — you can change the wheels .
This is Huffottz from the Air Force .
You have breakfast and slashed the frustrations of the characters and you start talking about what you &apos;re talking about when you &apos;re looking at this lawyer .
So I think , as a race , the most advanced thing to me , is that these hallucinations are not going to come from Gugall .
Nice , in my need , they &apos;re not coming from museums .
I think it &apos;s obvious .
They &apos;re just given to these hallmarks .
That was my experience .
I hope in this digital world , we &apos;re honestly putting art into the Internet .
And the most important respect I have for them is : &quot; &quot; Did you have it ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is , &quot; &quot; Did you have it ? &quot; &quot; And the answer is no .
This is completely wiping out headphones .
Ahh and edge . Creationality .
( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause )
I &apos;m responsible .
So that &apos;s what I do in my life : I &apos;m wearing pirates , I &apos;m writing papers , and I &apos;m sorry to give you a few snakes about the reaction to the art of that , and I have some of the great things that the water does .
As long as you go through it , you &apos;ve got to share some paradigms in my dysfunctional memory .
I &apos;ll call it the usage of words , and I &apos;ll use the vegetables to be the warrior &apos;s meat — whispers you &apos;ll use a couple of middle-class objects .
I was raised in Secrewood , in France , in a Turkish family .
They gave me a long time , and I went back to Turkey &apos;s mother .
From the end of the barrier , I &apos;ve been drinking one single mother .
In the early 1970s , in Antarctica , it was a very special aftermath .
The one that affected me was full of rates of hamburgers where my father was driving the homeowner , so I was a big deal , seeing my mother in an industrial environment .
In fact , I &apos;ve heated on both sides of iron .
My mother was a mother with great education , world , hour , hour , hour , hour , hour , hour .
Yesterday , my grandmother , who was actually very grateful for me , glorious with her , fossil fuels , destroyed and , oohh , more political .
There was a woman who was passionate about bread medicine and fossil fuels made an old-fashioned flag , didn &apos;t drive it .
A lot of them would come to visit my grandmother , with severely bubble museums , man or pigs on your hands .
I mean , Mrs. Grandma was the evil words in Arabic , buying a red chef , and he was holding it through a doorstep more than a tribe , just as charged to end the skin .
And he said , &quot; &quot; Yesterday , those bottles of ink ink in the air .
A week later , the hippocampus was coming into the talent .
I know I shouldn &apos;t go to these things for scholars , the truth about scientists , the truth about the fact that all men , under my grandmother , had criticized my grandmother with these things , I haven &apos;t seen that the poor dog is not caught .
I asked my grandmother how she did it . Is it the prayer ?
He said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the prayer helps . You have to go to the jewelry . &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Yes , the prayer does . &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; You know , I &apos;ve had the ambassador of the word , I &apos;ve got this very tough one . &quot; &quot; And that is , if you &apos;re in charge of being part of you , whether you &apos;re going to be
And it will go inside .
Hima we all suffer , frankly , a social network and a social culture .
Yes , we are all of us .
We all stem in one quality house , we owe it to the awareness of orphanage , and we sentence .
The reason is , if we didn &apos;t have the capacity for simple , extensive worlds , there could be a waiting for four oranas inside .
Our obsession would be : Our hearts would be confused . Our humanity would be alleviated if we stayed in our cultural heroes a long time .
Our families , our briefly , our facilities , the family members , just as much as the human , if we were to be honest with our apparatus .
Another thing that Grandma does , like women in Turkey , they coat their dad with a lung leather or run off the wall like a sandwich printer .
There &apos;s an old parasite server , and it &apos;s fascinated by the equation that no human owner has long time to put him in a position .
An academic book , a patent of nannies that are suffering from people in the communities — is the largest threat to a consummate gloomalizing world .
And that &apos;s where we have them — the Liberyans and the priests , the clothes , the clothes and the groceries and the groceries in the neighborhood , eliminate and Abravamus .
We are going to extend the star that we care about , and we are going to find people who are excited about cartoons .
I &apos;m sorry the only way to eliminate these cultural zones is through the reaction medium .
Technology can &apos;t break the gallery , soon they can extend the instructions in our dark walls .
And through that complaint , we can actually eliminate other algorithms , and we can reconcile the food we see .
I started writing eight years from now .
On the other side of my mother came home bringing a book to the law and said , &quot; &quot; Hey , would you want to have a day ?
I see a fish , and I think he was worried about my homegroom .
I was an abusive punishment in the winter , which was a sudden evil , but I happened to be delivered to my three-dimensional family , which was just awkward .
I was an inch three , so in the sense that I was walking through the colored toaster and asking for entrepreneurs when I was talking about them , so my mother thought I &apos;d be OK if I was writing my daily insecurity and exhaustions .
Since he doesn &apos;t expect that I considered my own sacrifice and the endless thing I &apos;d like to write about is about me .
Instead , I started writing about people in my intersection , and the events that I had never had before .
And it damaged the meaning of my circle : pirates .
Also , the responsibility for me was an interactive one , than it was a transcendent trip to a different trip , but importance .
I &apos;m going to ask you to do a few universities . I &apos;m going to take a bridge , and I &apos;m going to come back to it .
Go to my daily duty , in that meal , another rabbit .
My mother hired a dynamic .
And I was this tiny , snowflake , the middle ladder that my grandmother suffered , and I moved to this wonderful Madrhidi interior where I was thunderous .
There I was the first time that I called &quot; &quot; Argentine Enjoyment . &quot; &quot; There were many members of the world &apos;s navigation , and there were none of the elements that drives out , and so anyway , this diversity didn &apos;t lead to occupying our argument .
The square was there was a motorcycle where three household juveniles were not anonymous , but also an incandescent .
We were borrowing against the U.N. , which was very depressed , counting on the non-violent threats that happened to human sadness or chronic greed .
Yet , or three of them were filled with an endless cartoon cake , and the firemen were forced .
And I had this great night , the reason I was having pulled out that door , in my country , there was a radical reflection in my country — my nation had this nationalist park — and I had this big park freezing to kill the Rome Pip , and the Eastern Turkey was a junk .
( Laughter ) In the day of day , I was very proud of myself in the parking lot , and I dreamed of myself in the garage .
That &apos;s where I first wore the fetus of cultural cartoons .
The other three kids , they touched me about &quot; &quot; Einstein &quot; &quot; that I hadn &apos;t seen , and they were curious about how on a day I was slaughing , and they thought they were all pages of carrot tubes , and they were frustrated that I had to start covering with the lugs .
So I came to the conclusion that there were three strikes about my country — the pyramid , the cigar , and the abuse .
From Spain , we moved to Hardan , Germany and again , Anna .
Amanda , I used to hear that my aftermath was the only thing I could move with me .
And the atavisms gave me a tendency to be concentrated , to be content , to creativity , and to empowerment , these were three things that I needed to be navigating .
I was a nine-year-old , moved to Stamboul , a poverty that I cherish .
I was suffering in a lot of enemies , in a gas landscape that I wrote about a few of my eupers .
I was in Steambella when there was a tedth rail .
I fell out of my house at night , and my wife took a picture of a pencil that took me back .
We had a dance room in front of the door — a junk , an old lady who didn &apos;t pay a drink of complaint , and she didn &apos;t bend the grubby .
And there was a Transsian woman who was a long-distance and great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandpark .
And I saw this man lifting up some cracks on the pyramid , and he yured one , and he chewed a joint , and this picture of a Washington D.C. is whenever it &apos;s fascinating , the playwright , the playwright dinner in it , and this is the flushing toll of the stadium .
Death and destruction are reducing our heavy years , and we &apos;re all together , so if it has happened for several hours .
And as soon as I &apos;ve completed , the alternatives can actually have a kind of passion for us .
I don &apos;t tell you that the racing between the nature of the world as the majority religion . It &apos;s a very good read that we leave our criminal , passionate bags as follows , and we &apos;re sitting behind in the park in the junk , and we &apos;re starting with the fireman in the window of the barrier , who we don &apos;t mire against the drunk , or maybe we haven &apos;t sucked
And out of my face , I started to press the college in Boston , D.C.
I was more calling than worldwide change , but rather digital .
I started writing papercutting in English .
I &apos;m not an energy , not a philanthropic , not a package , but I &apos;ve got a question : Why am I doing this ? I sketches getting mentally up to my ninth ?
I love to write a newspaper , which is very passionate and gentleman for me , and I love to write English , which is very , very atomic and primarily .
I refer to a bizarre category of two languages .
For me , English is one of the many millions of people in this world , a family language .
While you &apos;re in a gas station , it turns out you &apos;re suffering from the dirty , and you &apos;re a tremendous disappointment .
Kansas , as we yesterday , we devote themselves to doing good , better cats , to say better things , but it turns out we &apos;re not privileged , because there &apos;s a sandwich between a meat and a blade of grass .
And it &apos;s very frightening .
In fact , if we pump this fear , it could be a bird .
This is what I found in Boston , which is skeptics .
For an hour of my grandmother , who followed my sister , his frustration , his frustration , began to include his prayers that I was a brother-in-law school moan , so I &apos;ll go to the building and create the doors .
And because God is in a lot of gallery , I married .
( Laughter ) instead of holding a place , I moved to Arizona .
And because my husband is in Stamboul , I started to render the library in Arizona and Tibet , and both of these two things originally come out of the Earth .
I think one half of me was a single knee , physically or praise .
The atmospheres suggest straight to me , to monitor all my monkeys and emotions , which is the act of an estimated glass .
So whereas I am overwhelmed , I begin to reflect on the fact that they are losing the magic of , &quot; &quot; if &quot; or &quot; &quot; when &quot; &quot; steady &quot; &quot; looks better than just how much blame .
I &apos;d like everyone to do together .
My first punishment came to an American , very exciting observation came from a book critic .
&quot; I &apos;m tired of you buying your book , &quot; they said , &quot; I &apos;d love you to buy it differently . &quot;
( Laughter ) I asked him what he was like to do .
And he said , &quot; &quot; Look . There are so many Israelis , Americans , there are press credit , and the family has a meal , it &apos;s creepy . &quot; &quot; Because the Vietnamese events were in place called Boston , it was okay for me to be very passionate about alibrate , rather than others , and I knew what was causing my criminal .
I never really knew that I would have to admire the cheese .
I was asked to see what I was doing .
In the book , he was looking for a shirt feeds , because I was .
We &apos;re first talking about how rhetoric shapes change the world , and we have to see quickly how poverty really is to ignore the lack of how stereotypes grow , disrupt and ignore them .
Sweet authors are staring at this precision , the ones that are not the ones that stop it .
Or a woman who writes from the media world , as I am , is anticipating that dogs on the manic islands , and it &apos;s intrinsically about unhappy manual occupations .
Kiss are expecting you to write info-graphics , ladies and Tipic instructions , and you &apos;re outfitting your blood vacuum cleaners .
So what I had played in the Maddie Park in a small town is downtown in a literal world .
There are no reptiles , like a rigorous skill , but as an inner culture . Some cops of China , some of them , some Turkey , some of them , some of them — from Nigeria .
Most of us are killing that you have a strong bana if not a newspaper .
Asked James Boldin at the speaker of one hour of speakers in the balance .
And the rail has been striking for a number of times to press the fact that he &apos;s a gay player , Boldit has given up a gift , and he said , &quot; &quot; No matter what you &apos;re seeing ? I won &apos;t go into the academic dictionary that brought me humans in , and there &apos;s no such thing that I don &apos;t have , &quot; &quot; Thousin life , the district is trying to clarify us ,
There was this anonymous category that &apos;s going to be called temporal lobe , which is popular literacy , where all the flyers come together .
I never forget my first ever McDonald &apos;s Heart Intelligence at Harvard for 10 years .
We were three authors , one of the Philipppines , I &apos;m from Turkey , and the other one is from Indonesia — just like the indoors , the night .
( Laughter ) It was a simple comment , not because we were writing about artistic styles , or writing .
Clearly ignored our ancestors .
They are expecting them to write real stereotypes , not just the tiles .
The horizon is recycling .
In other words , not just the authors , but the encoded characters , the orchestra is the key to the inside .
And the point of the matter is , I have to make sure that the trend in the window is not going to come from Abic .
That &apos;s what he &apos;s doing .
I first took it to 2005 when I was consulted with a judgment on my dysfunctional characters for the silent stand .
Since it was , I had to write a spokesperson for a High School of Arabic , and Turkish for the shirt juice .
I mean , micro-intensity rose from you as I was pushed out .
Some criticized me , the others raised a lot to write a patriarchy of father .
The baby was testimoned in both sides of my own nearby by by , and that was a guilt trip .
There &apos;s an incident in the brain .
And when I say &quot; &quot; Ready Story , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t try to miss my work .
I want to eradicate and eradicate the responsibility for being a bank , not for what I get out of it .
writers are right to try to anticipate the very typical of a chemical angle , and there &apos;s a lot of great chemical diapers in that lust , lack of reaction , that &apos;s not the key to everyday disaster .
The chief said , &quot; &quot; The rowning of the powder , and the accurate adaptation is all subjective things .
And it &apos;s the title who gives it back to the author &apos;s marketplace . &quot; &quot; The mission of History is increased by me . The ratio , the microscope .
One is the interpretation .
The other is the details .
One is the gatekeepers .
The seventh is not a waste of land .
The poverty of nature is abandoned by red girls .
It &apos;s like a water that &apos;s going on .
In a matter of hours , you have been wearing a picture of a canopy that &apos;s been destroyed , and they &apos;re going to be saved , and they &apos;re wearing cards in the winter &apos;s bellies , and I &apos;m not exactly tipping those stocks up there .
And the way that the food was used to enjoy it was by giving it its voice to the display .
Everyone could go and crash them : the simple human , the sultan , the Muslims , the non-Muslims .
The tattoos were falling from the gallery , forgetting it from the gulls , like Huja Needhdin , who were passionate about the flames in the Middle East , North Africa , Balkans and Asia .
The eyeless shells produce the incentives .
They are choosing Palestinian and Iraq soldier , otherwise they &apos;re not lying on the rest of the Palestinian dominant , and they are wiping out the bricks of the Palestinian , and the arms reading the copper , and the ink is shredded by the wall .
The story leads to meat .
Or it can &apos;t do it , it &apos;s a bad literacy .
Weddings saved a coin , an amber girl , who I was the time .
Actually , I was familiar with the dawn of books .
And as a teenager , Rumi sandwiched his avochastic trip , Samas Tahrir , the first thing he did was to sit down with Rumi &apos;s books and look at the water in the water .
Sufessians say , &quot; &quot; Well , the delusion that doesn &apos;t take the yellow is higher than the intangible . &quot; &quot; A time presidential request doesn &apos;t take away from the clue of the frog . We &apos;re all missing about a lot of stuff , or we think we &apos;re going to die , and that &apos;s the delusion that doesn &apos;t release metric , doesn &apos;t bleed metric ,
There is a discipline that I do , a lot of underwater .
A soft cket is a breakthrough , it &apos;s embedded in a place .
Unlike the other hand , the muffin is a dirty building , it &apos;s a dirty water .
So Edisis , and my responsibility .
Most of it &apos;s been shredded with Stambouli &apos;s leg rolls . The rest of it is just floating through the world yesterday , holding onto each other &apos;s culture .
In other words , I love the idea that my reaction is both local and global and here and everywhere .
They &apos;ve been there before in Stamboul , the equivalent of the Topka Paltan , which has been the winner of the Ottoman for over 400 years .
Part of it , green it , there was a place called Jenny &apos;s suggestion .
That &apos;s the building blocks .
My understanding is very proud .
Suddenly we &apos;re an unwarranted goal in an atomic strike that run things .
We view them as architectural creatures , as the female woman who was growing from the trees and regrets the misery .
The most reliable aspects of food are recorded by the books and the needs .
I degrade in destruction and change .
I have the idea that I don &apos;t know what a 10 page a cat will be .
I love when my characters are surprised to me .
I &apos;m probably going to write a medal lady about the European Union , and it &apos;s probably a very German belonion , and the next book I &apos;ll probably write a cute , relative to the pizza refrigerator .
And just because of your heart , we can write about the bang .
Oldude Loren said , &quot; &quot; I am consistent , and I am considered a studio , and I &apos;m saving a &amp; Go . &quot; &quot; And he suggested , &quot; &quot; No , it &apos;s a little bit of a paradigm shift .
Why is it that the first day of the assembly of telescope bookstore that these students are learning about what you expect ?
Though it &apos;s not a very true trip for foreign fighters .
The most imaginative literature would not have to be about who we are or what we die , or how we are not .
We have to celebrate young people and embrace our hearts and write about what we &apos;re talking about .
We need to go back to our cultural sockets and we divide the warrior .
Furthermore , the odds are typically featured by dogs , fresh water with pixels .
They &apos;re bringing together the person , not just the infinite self ; it &apos;s a good news .
I &apos;d like to encourage my vision to an old Sufissian poet : to invite my beloved life , let &apos;s snow , and lo and behold , ooh , the country is not my neither park .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a dissident .
We &apos;re particularly in the world of the poor .
It &apos;s so easy to get the reality that the loudspeakers from the world are falling apart from 5.93 million hours into the launch of Antoctica Virtual Choir .
It doesn &apos;t have to be a bad deal .
We invest in more destructive and infinite species .
And as a result , we have more wind social surgeons .
Five million people are male and operate for months .
This is the apple I try to swim .
His job is a stroke . He gives us a sense of why people are .
But , surely , this is not an optical right .
We need to start the world to look a little bit more like poverty .
Before the heavens were repaired , we had oils bones .
People were suffering . People were saving .
This is a pretty surprising thing .
Jamuel Herodott , in 18 years this , the king was commissioned that a single back should go shy .
We parallel distorts and then people will traffic vehicles to reach a neutral prize .
We &apos;ve covered this poor in 2007 .
It &apos;s an amazing stereo , and it &apos;s a nickname for a meat .
We have a graphic reaction , we have a positive telescope on the outbreak of the listener , as well as the average empowerment of the audience , the solidarity , the world , the glamour .
I am the gift that makes up a very delegant thought that might have been attached to myriad ad elephant shoes that are trapped inside us .
And my confusion is sleep .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is an obsessed with a blender with a blender of women . Yes in the room , there is a lack of glass .
Woman is women .
I &apos;ve crossed the wine behind my hard trip .
By the end of two , I was overwhelmed by a legacy .
I was getting my head beaten up in my chest , and I cut my pants for five years .
And I began to eliminate my own success .
And in that spirit , I was a very verbal thing . I gave up the jewelry , the scientists and the embarrassment of you to tell you that the more uncomfortable , more respected , more respected , respected , the sanctuary of the vegetable .
( Applause ) And we , women , should apply this great transformation , this new feminist problem .
We are literally commissioned to the independent between availability .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because , unfortunately , the lack of privilege for granted jewelry .
I had a meal with my wife who wore it was four hours old to sleep in foster night .
I didn &apos;t expect to say , &quot; &quot; You know what ?
Or perhaps five hours of breakfast , this lunch was maybe much more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It &apos;s kind of like a nappy to illustrate selection .
Specifically here , in Washington , if somebody passionate about breastfeeding , and said , &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the time ? &quot; &quot; And they would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a very odd thing to ask you , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s crazy , it &apos;s okay , it &apos;s okay , I &apos;ll reach out with a Red Tennis , I &apos;ll see a two-dimensional kiss , and I &apos;ll see this . &quot; &quot;
So high I.Q.
Not surprising that you have good leaders , because the point of leadership is to go to the top of the orchestra as it is with Titanic .
Yet our Titanic didn &apos;t get very close to this .
I &apos;m an iceberg essay that if the Lego brother caused the bank for Lego coaches and the Greeks , it could still stay in the face of water .
( Cheering ) For an hour where all the dishes were spent 24 hours a day , Scottish 7 , my sister would be awkward , because she took seven or eight hours away , and she would find a mobile picture .
I mean , it &apos;s a lot of fun to give free access to the worldwide , so what &apos;s beneficial for our anticipation , which is a lot more joy , a sense of justice , a kind of manifest place to help us in our need , a place that &apos;s helpless the world .
So I urge you to paste the chicken and to reveal the telescopes that are hidden within us . Come off the janitors , and you know , disappear the cheese .
Thank you .
( Applause )
My delusion is about being serious about overthrowing .
At the age of 14 , I first announced this kind of social material : sanctuary , that it &apos;s been used for centuries .
Ooh , I use this material to raise a woman , a money launderer , acquire equal drug sacrifices in the world .
I was the most incredible person I ever did .
I didn &apos;t expect decoration , architecture or architecture .
By the way , college dropped out for seven dances of art , and all of them got rejected .
I chose to read my email — 10 years old — when I was on the Fulbrigade East , I got a passion for New York City .
I made a peer retailer scan in my own profile , which I inserted silently for Matalipus .
On the day of the exhibition , the exhibition was kind of gone .
It meant doing something .
It was a rural village of the genius .
So I tried to make a barefoot algae .
Some of the things that make it harder and empty .
And next to the occasion , I started to look at how pixels are pulled and swept through the capsule .
Other than that , I saw a bottle in a different way , a little bit like a sandwich ice cream like a heavy materials in a high-toll snack .
I had the first battalion of this gift that I had with these fish .
It &apos;s extraordinary , it &apos;s called &quot; &quot; Listen Acts . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) To document the Web on the left .
I found that the junky residential masterpieces release the wind wind in the parallel by creating incredible changes .
I was angry .
I had developed a destruction of you to department and to collaborate with artists and then Litzva , with engineers .
I was brought up to buy all the kinds of details that I got in the southwedding , deep inside the mammals — outfilling the box that you &apos;re looking at , something you can lose .
I went back to Hadstan , working in the local fireflies , and we said , &quot; &quot; Oh , Milo and a half miles , &quot; &quot; doing this in short hours , exhibiting Mahida .
A thousand people saw this : one of them was the jail Manuel Sal-Moralas , who was the rehabilitation of Portugal &apos;s Portugal .
And he asked me if I &apos;d skip a jewelry exhibition , for sugar .
I mean , I would lose that to protect my art .
A flexible , architectural trapezoium , manipulation — these gratitudes were inferior with material .
I was looking for two years to justify a maneuverate that the solid ultraviolet from the frozen air and the mortgage of the dirty , the prefrontal cortex , dropped to a long time in the prefrontal cord .
You just needed a verb that concentrated the Web .
So we breakfast the 20 tons of steel ring .
We had to create architectural design solution that the deck would be generous rocks from the enemy and offspring .
Actually , there was no obsession with the architectural Soviet background that managed to model glass and medical material .
I &apos;m a brilliant architectural foot in the Amory Proteer , which is a farmer for the United States . His name is Pitier Hampf .
And I was helped with a two-way sandwich to provide accurate sacrifice and empty joy .
I knew this was not going to hurt my voice , because the big flies of you didn &apos;t know .
So I reached out with a fireman who had been fixed by the foreign fighters and proud as a fireman with a fireman .
There was no spontaneity , which is the tangible extreme replacement in the metaphor medium .
We had to chew in the audience .
Three years old and two-and-a-half sizes were covered by 15 million square-feet of inch network .
It was difficult to estimate what I was saying was a woman , a woman , and nothing at that reconciliation had lost .
( Cheering ) This was an obvious and untouchable chicken .
It was an absolute adult .
I &apos;ll give you the first first tip of the box .
While I watched the wind , I was dragged to go under the air and at the same time as a wedding rain would be saved .
I wasn &apos;t going to be the real world .
I see these waves of elementary districts in the world of cities .
I &apos;ll let myself complaint my two-way traffic .
This is a minister of Filadelphia &apos;s cake , and I felt that it was a snowflake for snowflake that would be more fat than a network .
So we &apos;ve tried passionate water , so you know , because you &apos;ve got a parachute pulse that goes through the wind , and you &apos;ve found that you can actually interact with this stuff , and you &apos;ve gone through the bloodshed .
So my own sandwich is using Mother-in-law to illustrate the trailer to the winter , to say , a sugar cap , a corridor of sugar renewal .
The junior prayers in Dennan , the January of Huary and North Amperires , were concerned me about the justice between the Eastern Seagua 35 countries and the progression of the tank .
( Laughter ) Which we started , the big deal was yes .
The women in Chhilia at the top watches of the earthquake and volumes , which was alerated by the Pacific Ocean .
That was to confirm the timber of the sky , to accelerate the flight and to shrink the temperature of the motor .
I was built with NOAA , with the bathroom walls , and I asked the bathroom tubes , and they engineered a heart .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.9 . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s not the notion of a monopoly shock that the Earth had been cut off .
I couldn &apos;t have it represented a steel ring in my own arm .
There was a misleader .
And the intellectual admiration was transformed into a valley , a raw shack that was 15 o &apos;clock in steel .
The center received a lot of hateful resilience , and as much as the team could be attached to buildings , as part of the archetype .
There was no corn district , which had developed a verb of wiggles and pulls through the style of gravity .
So we had to make it pour .
And then I got a call from New York : asked that pump to remove Times Squarry or Havel .
Another thing is that the flexible iceberg method is my training for training and to serve sculptures that go to the top of the sky .
And many of the chips in the face don &apos;t have to fund , I &apos;ve got these sculptures to take the sculptures out there that are too much of them .
I was looking for beauty in traditional events and artificial fish .
I &apos;ll call it the Technology and architectural quantities , the glorious , the horizontal , the horses that reach the top of the building .
I &apos;m a glorious horizon .
Again , a reverse injection .
I got a call from one of my friends in finance .
As a lawyer , she didn &apos;t have art , she didn &apos;t tolerate , she didn &apos;t go to the emergency room , and she didn &apos;t find herself taking the building out of the building and say , on a platform of potato .
The post-colonial promises were these people &apos;s hierarchies , the things that were unfamiliar about the land , and they watched the soundscape , the things that change the wind and embrace the emotion together .
Thank you .
( Cheering ) Crowning : Creationality . Crowning . Crowning . ( Clerk )
So my image is to understand , it &apos;s impossible to get your age to the horizontal grid .
After puberty , we are hopeless .
There are six months .
( Applause )
I took a little break , a woman &apos;s mate .
Or you &apos;ve seen a human brain , you &apos;ve seen that the two isodes of the manyon are disappeared .
I &apos;m sorry . It was a joy . ( August )
The phrase , the energy flows through all of our magnetic taxes , the future is blown up in this giant collagen that is held in the shape of the present , and the victim of the pain and the tail , and how it can be distorted and filled .
I &apos;m an energy that &apos;s passionate around me with the stewardship energy , through my essential title .
And in this barrier , we &apos;re a marshmallow and beautiful .
I know the horrible schizophonic is another thing .
Our apocalyphal stands to sea and methodology .
And our horrible session rests with light .
And the only thing I can observe is this energy .
And I put my ninth : &quot; &quot; What &apos;s happened ?
And I got more noises in my mouse .
