This year , almost a billion people on the planet will be using social networking sites actively .
The only thing that all these people get is that they all die .
Although it may be a pretty flexible idea , I think it has a really deep sense to observe .
So the first thing I thought about this was Derek K. Miller , who was a scientist and technologist , who died of a crazy , digital video that was written earlier this year .
And what Miller did was he asked his family and friends to write a video that would go right after his death .
This is what he described as the tool .
He wrote , &quot; &quot; Okay . I &apos;m dead , and this is my last online video .
And before I did that , I asked myself that when my body would finally come out of the feelings of my father , that my family and friends would take this message that I wrote — as the first part of the process by turning this page into archives . &quot; &quot; Now while he was a journalist , Miller &apos;s archive might have been better written and more coordinated than most , but in fact , all of us today are creating
Think about statistics for a minute .
Now there &apos;s 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute .
200 million hives are lost every day .
And the average Facebook customer makes 90 points of content every month .
So when you think about your parents or your elderly , the best thing they could do is to think about some pictures and images of houses , or the grandmother who lives in a box right now .
But today , we &apos;re all creating this incredibly rich digital archive that will live in a dark time , years after you &apos;re no longer afraid .
And I think that creates some incredibly intriguing technologies .
Now to be clear , I &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so what I &apos;d like to do very briefly is tell a picture of what the present and the future might look like .
We &apos;ve already noticed some of the services that are created for us to decide what &apos;s going to happen to our online profile and our social media landscape after we die .
One of them , actually , pretty much , trapped me after being documented at a Foursquare in New York City .
( Video ) Adam Osterow : Alia .
Miracle : Adam ?
AO : No .
Miracle : Death can hide you anywhere , but sometimes , organic food restaurants .
AO : Who &apos;s here ?
Death : Just to ifided.even before it &apos;s too late .
( Laughter ) Adam O : How scared am I ?
So what this service says , quite simply , is they allow you to create a text or a video that can be published on Facebook after you die .
The other company is called 1,000 Prisons .
And what it allows you to do is create a web browser for your loved ones , a photo array , a video and a story that they can release after you die .
But what &apos;s going on , I think , is much more interesting .
Many of you may know Deb Roy , who showed Coke , who can analyze more than 90,000 hours of video in a house .
I think , as long as machine ability to understand human language and use big amounts of data , it &apos;s going to be possible to analyze somebody &apos;s entire life &apos;s range — &quot; &quot; TVs , &quot; &quot; photos , video videos , online videos — that we &apos;re now creating at such large numbers .
I think what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s possible that our digital identity can continue to be connected to the real world long after we die , because it &apos;s not enough for the amount of wealth that we have and the power to make it meaningful .
We can already see experiments in this field .
Another service called &quot; &quot; My Other Tweets &quot; &quot; analyzes your entire Twitter history , everything you post on Twitter to make predictions that you could tell on your next message .
Now , as you can see , the results can be very serious .
But you can imagine how something like this works after 5.10 or 20 years , when our technical capabilities fail .
By the way , the MIT Media Lab works on robots that communicate more than people .
But what if these robots could communicate with the unique characteristics of a particular human , with hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that humans have created in their lifetime ?
At the end of it , think about this horrible stage and election night in 2008 , when CNN literally translated wanty.am. — hip hop musicians &apos; holograms in their studies with Anderson Cooper .
What if we could use the same technology to transform our favorite representations into our space — combine them very much like in life , with all the richness created by the human being while they were alive .
I think it can be completely possible because of the amount of data that we &apos;re using and the capability of technology to understand them and to scale exponentially .
By the end , I think we all need to think about whether we want it to be reality — and if that &apos;s what it &apos;s about definitions of life and everything that happens after life .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
People who come back to work after their career — I call them reporters .
These are people who have made a career out of career to care for elderly , growing children , pursuing personal interests or personal health reasons .
With that , all sorts of career advisers : veterans , aid workers , pennies , return to work , or return to immigrants .
Getting back to work after a career is hard because of the loss of interdependence between workers and restaurants .
Working as people see the responsibility of their lives as a great risk , and the person doing a career breakthrough can be afraid of their ability to rebuild their career , especially if they don &apos;t work for a long time .
And that &apos;s the problem that I &apos;m trying to help solve .
Successful restaurants are everywhere and everywhere .
This is Sami Kafala .
He &apos;s a nuclear physicist in the U.K. who hadn &apos;t worked for five years to be home with his five kids .
Singapore recently wrote about slaves returning to work after slaves .
Speaking of a long career , this is Mimi Kahn .
She is a social worker in the California Orange County , who went back to work at a social service organization after 25 years .
It &apos;s the longest-running , of course .
The Supreme Court justice Sandra Day O &apos;Connor did not work for five years at the beginning of his career .
And here &apos;s Tracy Shapiro , who &apos;s not 13 years old .
Three referred to the Today Show survey , which was dedicated to people who tried to get back to the present , but confronted with difficulty .
Three wrote that she was the mother of five kids who loved being in the house , but after the crash she had to go back to work , she really wanted to go back to work in her life , because she loved working .
Three did what most of us do when we feel like we &apos;ve done everything looking for work .
She looked for finance or bureaucracy and spent the last nine months researching online companies and leading to work without any known outcomes .
I met Tracy in 2011 , when &quot; &quot; Today Show &quot; &quot; asked me if I couldn &apos;t work with her to see if I could change anything .
First of all , I told Tracy that she had to leave the house .
I told her she had to go to the public search for work and tell everyone she knew she wanted to go back to work .
I also said , &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve had a lot of conversations that don &apos;t happen anywhere .
Think about it and not slow down .
We &apos;re just fueled by the ones that are finally able to work . &quot; &quot; I &apos;ll tell you a little bit later about what happened to Tracy , but I want to share with you a discovery that I made when I tried to get back to work after 11 years of career .
People &apos;s views are over time .
I mean , when you try to meet people from your backyard , people you work with or work with , they remind you of the kind of breakthrough you were in front of a career .
And even though the self-awareness of time has declined , what happens to most of us , the further away we are from our professional identities .
For example , you can think of yourself as something that looks like this .
Here I am , wrapped up after a day driving my mic .
Or I &apos;m in the virtual .
But those people in the past , they don &apos;t know anything about it .
They only remember who you were , and it &apos;s a great honor for self-confidence to reconnect with these people and listen to their enthusiasm for wanting to go back to work .
Another thing that I remember from my career is my career .
And that was that I didn &apos;t expect business news .
My area is finance , and I always followed the news when I was at home growing four young children .
So I was afraid to start talking about a company that no longer exists .
So I had to reclaim the Wall Street Journal and read it well for six months , from the beginning to the end , until I felt like I understood what was going on in the business world .
I believe that restaurants are a workforce , that &apos;s why .
We have less competitive or partnership skills .
We live a life of seeds .
We have a great experience .
We have a broader perspective .
We didn &apos;t try to find our own work conditions .
Without it , we have energy , and we want to go back to work because we didn &apos;t have time for it .
The other half of the matter , when I talk to workers , there are two concerns that workers have at the same time .
First of all , workers feel that reporters are disconnected from technology .
I can tell you , I was also technologically removed , and that &apos;s still the case .
I &apos;ve been doing financial analysis for so many years , so I &apos;ve been using Lotus one to two to three .
I don &apos;t know if anybody remembers that program , but I had to learn Excel again .
Actually , it wasn &apos;t very difficult . A lot of teams are the same .
PowerPoint challenged a lot of challenges , but I &apos;m using it all the time .
I told the restaurants that the workers believe they &apos;re going to work by having major office sound systems .
And if they decide , then that &apos;s their responsibility .
And they are breathing .
The other worker &apos;s dilemma is that they don &apos;t feel like they don &apos;t know what they want to do .
I told the restaurants that they needed to work well , and to explain whether their interests and skills had changed or not until they were in the career .
It &apos;s not work .
It &apos;s a reporter responsible for showing the employees what additional value they can give .
In 2010 , I started to see something .
I &apos;ve been following a program since 2008 , and in 2010 , I &apos;ve started to see the short-term workforce opportunity , whether it &apos;s called stunting or not , but it &apos;s been a staggering kind of experience for professionals to come back to work .
I saw &quot; &quot; Goldman Sachs &quot; &quot; and &quot; &quot; Sara Lee &quot; &quot; begin a collaborative reintegration program .
I saw , as a return engineer , an unprecedented reintegration leader , ran to a startup program in the military , and then got a final job .
I &apos;ve seen two universities integrating into the mainstream education program .
So I wrote a story about what I saw , and it &apos;s a very famous article in the magazine &quot; &quot; Harvard Business Review , &quot; &quot; called &quot; The Forty Years . &quot; &quot; I want to thank the editors for this title , also for this illustration , where you see a 40 year-old intern among college graduates .
And then , thanks to Fox Business News , they called this idea &quot; &quot; 50-year-old disabled . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) Five of the biggest financial services companies have reintegration programs coming back to the financial professionals .
In this case , hundreds of people participated .
These records are reinforced , and the people who move into a permanent position get competitive outcomes .
Now the seven largest engineering companies are working on reintegration programs to go back to engineers as an initiative partner with the Women &apos;s Engineering Council .
Why are companies setting up reintegration ?
Because businesses are allowing workers to perform real-time examples of real work , engaging in conversations , and employers don &apos;t have to make a sustainable business solution until the interest is over .
This testing period removes the so-called risk that leaders take for granted by watching &quot; &quot; reporters , &quot; &quot; and they attract great leaders who become great heroes .
Think how much we &apos;ve achieved .
Before that , many workers were not interested in making reporters at all .
But now , not only do you create a program that &apos;s specific to the restaurants , but you can &apos;t share it if you don &apos;t have a solution in your lifetime .
It knows a real supply , a real institutional tradeoff , because if we can solve this problem of reporters , we can solve it for other people , for career change .
In fact , one of the workers told me that their veterans returned to work on a program promised their reintegration program .
And there are no clients who can &apos;t be a five-cent program .
In other words , the same idea .
So what happened with Tracy Shapiro .
Remember , she had to tell everybody she wanted to go back to work .
Well , one important conversation with the other parents from her community ended up working on the offer of Tracy , and it was a financial sector .
But it was a work of time .
The company told her that there was a chance that all this would take care of something more , but they couldn &apos;t guarantee anything .
This was November 2011 .
Three people liked a company and a colleague , and the office was less than 10 minutes from their home .
And although she had a second job at the other company , working in a permanent position , she decided to try this amazement and hope for the best .
Well , she hired all of their employees , and the company not only offered her a lasting job at the beginning of 2012 , but made her more interesting and more complicated , because she knew what Tracy could do .
And this is where Tracy was headed in 2015 .
They purchased their master &apos;s degrees .
She even started another restaurant to work with .
Three newspapers were an attempt , as it was completed , and all of this ended up playing with both the Tracy and the work of it .
My goal is to introduce reintegration into the idea of how more people work .
But in the meantime , if you go back to work after a career , you can &apos;t afford to offer a stable or a stable type of worker that doesn &apos;t have an official reintegration program .
Take the first success story , and you can become an example of someone else &apos;s reporter .
Thank you .
( Applause )
Today I &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries .
He &apos;s now working in the solar technology industry .
And my little startup , which is a new company , is trying to take a serious look at the environment using ...
Using my input to crowd-sourcing .
It &apos;s just a little video of what we &apos;re watching .
Wait a minute .
They can get some blood pressure .
( Laughter ) We can — we can just roll — I &apos;ll roll the video . ( Laughter )
No . ( Laughter )
( Music ) This is not ... ( Laughter )
Okay . ( Laughter )
Solar energy technology is ...
Now , is this all my time ?
Okay . Thank you very much .
( Applause )
The second quote is from the most male .
The answer is yes .
And then , it &apos;s done , and it &apos;s done , and it &apos;s done .
So what do we know about complex systems ?
So the definitions , the whole — there &apos;s more than the sum of them .
Where is the economic network ?
What we looked specifically at was networks of desire .
We also built the value of companies .
How are they organizing ? Are they coming back , they &apos;re not connected to anything ?
It &apos;s a company that &apos;s more than one country , and we found 43,000 .
Let me explain this by giving you an example .
Hi . Today I &apos;m going to ask you to look at eight of my projects , done with the artist Sir Pors .
We call ourselves Pors &amp; Rao , and we live and work in India .
I &apos;d like to start with the very first object of mine , which I call &quot; &quot; The Goddess . &quot; &quot; He was inspired by my daughter &apos;s comic strip to ask me to do something behind him , as if I was his darkness : to turn on the light or turn on the glass water , a little bit of cigarettes .
As I grew up , this tool grew stronger , and I started to look at it as a form of control .
But of course , I couldn &apos;t say anything , because church is a good person in an Indian family .
And what struck me the most was his way to use a smartphone .
He asked the shepherd boy , and I hope you &apos;ll find a number behind him .
So , as the answer and giving to my daughters , I made &quot; &quot; Give a phone . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s so long that it &apos;s used by two people .
It &apos;s exactly the way my daughter uses a mobile phone created by one person .
But when I left home and went to study it , I started to struggle with his claims .
So I made him a high-speed writing machine that he could borrow from his son and daughters around the world .
All he had to do was take a paper page , put it in a marker , print out your elbow , print your elbow , and print out the paper .
This device automatically sends out a nozzle to the person alone .
What you see here is that we have a lot of electronics that understand mechanical actions and change them digitally .
So my daughter only works on mechanical thinking .
And of course , things had to be especially difficult and obscured by the ritual nature of my daughter and love .
The next piece , the voice of the instinct , is an installation we kindly call &quot; &quot; The Goddess . &quot; &quot; We wanted to develop the idea that we &apos;re surrounded by a very friendly , emotional and loving gene .
This is how it works : on the wall we cover the plastic on the wall , and behind it are the little creatures .
And when it &apos;s all around the globe , they sort of expand .
And if they get even further , they shake their feet .
And from the smallest sound they make .
So what we did is we closed this loop onto three rooms .
And we flew over 500 such small pigs .
This is what it looks like .
This is a video .
Once the environment becomes silent , they sort of get out of the way .
They sound like people or other real beings .
So for a long time , they become vulnerable to the sound of birth .
They also don &apos;t respond to sound .
You &apos;ll hear the trauma they &apos;re not reacting to .
( Gasps ) But they react to the first flash of sound . I &apos;m afraid you &apos;ll hear that .
( Shouting ) We &apos;re very keen to make them live .
So each one has its own behavior , its psychology , its downsides , personality and so on .
This is one of the first prototypes .
Of course , I followed him well .
We valued them to respond to people , but we noticed that the people around them were playing and playing .
This is a video installation called &quot; &quot; Good Man . &quot; &quot; We were very intrigued by the possibility to come up with an idea of invisibility .
How could you feel if you &apos;re invisible ?
So , working with a company , which is an observation system , we created a software tool that allows the camera to follow people in the room and change one of their footprints by making it invisible .
Now I &apos;m going to show you one of the first prototypes .
On the right-hand side , I see my colleague Soren , who &apos;s actually in this space .
And on the left-hand side , you see an encrypted video in which the camera turned it into invisible .
The sun comes into the room . Whoom ! It becomes invisible .
And you can see the camera is following it and removing it .
This is a very early clip of a video that has not been solved yet to solve the problems , but it &apos;s a little bit of a clip .
We used it this way : we installed a camera in the room , embedded in space , and then monitors on each wall .
Everyone went into the room and saw themselves in the bathroom , with one exception : one person was always invisible , and how the group moved in the room .
And here &apos;s a work called &quot; &quot; Sun Horse . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s almost like a paper page , like a baby oil spill or a solar cooking pot .
This object from the outside looked very strong and thin , but in between , very thin .
So the people who walked into the room weren &apos;t paying attention to him , they thought it was just nuts .
But only they had passed through the country , he had tripled to climb a wall .
When he finally got tired , he was confronted .
( Laughter ) This work is a human cartoon .
Her head is so hard , so full of hard minds that she seems to be falling into a foot , and her body grows out of it almost like a plant .
He &apos;s swimming around on his head as if he &apos;s a hungry , very unpredictable guy , smiling at night .
Its movement is wired to detail .
If the crash wasn &apos;t there , and the grass would be very fair , it would have to bend all the space .
And there are no windows or windows .
Let me give you an example : People have walked into the room , the object in action .
It &apos;s very slow , in a matter of minutes , covered in pain , gets a reward , and it looks like I &apos;m in a hurry .
And this is an important moment , because this is how we wanted to deal with the willingness to help him , to save him .
But he doesn &apos;t really need help because he can get himself back .
This work was a real technical challenge for us , so we worked long and hard , like most of our work to deal with mechanical , beautiful and dynamic aspects .
It was very important for us to establish a moment of criticism , because if we were to make it so that it would be crushed , it would be crushed , but if it wasn &apos;t crushed enough , it wouldn &apos;t make sense of injustice , so they wouldn &apos;t want to help it .
I &apos;m going to show you a very short video clip that we &apos;re testing for this object — it &apos;s much faster .
Here &apos;s my colleague . He &apos;s leaving the object .
Now it &apos;s getting harder , so he &apos;s afraid to use it .
But it doesn &apos;t really need it , because the object is changing itself .
This is particularly what we do . We work with aesthetics of beauty , with the optical lens of various shades of light , like stars .
It also looks like a nightmare .
All of this we did was crawl around the shape of a mushroom forest covered in the left .
Our idea was to reverse-engineer something that was so raw , so remote and abstract , like the universe , with the known form of a rubber band , that felt and painted .
And the idea behind that was that after you spend a lot of time looking at this shape as a mosque , and you have to understand it more like a glass space , like you &apos;re looking at a sleep at night .
And this is the last work that &apos;s ever been done , called &quot; &quot; The Environment of Space . &quot; &quot; Imagine a small cube , about this size , sitting in front of you in the middle of the room , which , if you &apos;re trying to reach out , likes to kill you , grow into twice the altitude and eighth volume .
So this object is continuously swimming and contracting , therefore keeping a dynamic relationship with the people around you — trying to preserve the object or save the object .
We do a lot of work with technology , but we actually don &apos;t like it , because it &apos;s been making us nervous for years .
But we use it because we &apos;re interested in how it can help us express our emotions or our behaviors .
And if we can only find any creature in our head , it seems that the process of creation is trying to find out how this creature wants to exist , what type it wants to be and how it wants to move .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I love the Internet .
That &apos;s true .
Think how much he &apos;s given us .
Think about all the services that we use , all the relationships , all the industry , all the business , all the brand .
And this is happening all of our lives .
I &apos;m convinced that one day it will go into the history books a few hundred years from now , and this time , our generation will be thinking about being connected to the Internet , a time which has created something truly global .
But yes , it &apos;s true that the Internet has problems , very serious problems , problems with security and problems with privacy .
I &apos;ve spent my career working on these issues .
So let me show you something .
This is Brain .
This is a disk — 10,000-square-foot diameter disk captured by Brain.A virus .
This is the first virus to be found on personal computers .
In fact , we know where Brain came from .
We know because it &apos;s written in the same code .
Girls .
Okay .
This is a cross-section of the slope table , and if you look really closely , you can see here , it says , &quot; &quot; Welcome to the interest . &quot; &quot; And then it goes on , written , 1986 , Basit and Amad .
And Basit and Amjad are the name of the replacement chain .
In fact , there &apos;s still phone numbers and address in Pakistan .
( Laughter ) So , 1986 .
Now it &apos;s 2011 .
That &apos;s 25 years ago .
The UK has been in trouble for 25 years .
So a half ago , I decided to go to Pakistan .
So these are some pictures I took when I was in Pakistan .
This is from Lahore , which is about 300 kilometers in the square from Abbbet , where Bin Laden was being built .
This is a typical street view .
And this is the street or road towards this building , which is a 730 block of Allah Iqbal city .
I covered the door .
( Laughter ) You want to guess what opened the door ?
Basit and Amjad ; they &apos;re still there .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) This is Basit .
His brother is sitting there .
These are the men who first wrote the AK virus .
Now , of course , we &apos;ve been talking really interesting .
I asked them why .
I asked them how they felt about what they started with .
And I felt this sort of confusion about understanding that both Basit and Amjad had been stuck inside hundreds of times , completely unrelated to them in those years .
So there is still justice in the world .
The viruses that we &apos;re going to see in the 1980s and the 1990s , of course , are no longer a problem .
Let me show you some examples of what they looked like .
I &apos;ve left here a system that allows me to put old software on a modern computer .
So now let me virtually create some devices . Let &apos;s go there .
Here we have an old virus list .
So I &apos;m going to leave you now with a few versions of my computer .
For example , let &apos;s start with the Century version .
So as you can see on the top of the screen there are hundreds of times lowering through your computer , this is what happens when you stack this virus up .
You know you &apos;re infected because the virus is seen .
Here &apos;s another one . This is a real virus called Crash , which was created in Russia in 1992 .
I &apos;m going to show you the one with the sound .
( Sirens sound ) And last example , think about what Walker &apos;s virus does .
Yes , when you turn up , after your screen , the men start to move .
So it was quite easy to understand that you were a virus stuck in the days when the virus was born and the adults .
Today , they don &apos;t need advice and advice .
Today , viruses are a global problem .
What we have here on the screen is our system , which we use in our lab examples , which we &apos;re tracking around the world of viruses .
So we can see in real time that what we &apos;ve just blocked is virus and Sweden and Taiwan and Russia and so forth .
In fact , if I connect back to our lab system online , we can actually see and create an idea of how many viruses , new breast programs we give every day .
This is the latest virus we &apos;ve found in a field called Server.exe .
And we found it just three seconds ago — the last one — six seconds ago .
And if we go underground , that &apos;s just a huge amount of them .
We give them tens of thousands , even hundreds of thousands .
And this is just the last 20 minutes of on-the-ground programs happening every day .
And where do they all come from ?
Well today , it &apos;s the largest organized group of mosquitos that write these viruses because they &apos;re made of these viruses .
This is a group like — let &apos;s go to GanesBucks.com.
This is a page that &apos;s going on in Mascow , where these guys are crossing computers .
So if you &apos;re a viral writer and you can download Windows computers , but you don &apos;t know what to do with them , you can sell these cool computers — somebody else &apos;s computers — to these kids .
And they even give you access to those computers .
So how are these guys doing on laptops ?
Well , there are several different ways , like the bankers who take money from your bank account when it &apos;s used , or it can be cyborgs .
&quot; &quot; Cloggers &quot; &quot; are hidden in your computer and recording everything you write .
So you &apos;re up to your computer and you &apos;re looking for Google .
Every Google search engine you write is safe and vulnerable to refugees .
Every single one of you is safe and protected by refugees .
The same is true for every single one of your favorites and so on .
But what they were looking for most is the sessions when you get together and you surround yourself in any shop online .
Because when you go to the web store , you have to record your name , your presentation order , your credit card number and your credit card detail .
And this is a fair example that we found in the server a few weeks ago .
Here &apos;s the credit card numbers , the ending of power data , the default code and the name of the card .
When you get access to other people &apos;s credit card details , you can join the Internet and with this information you can buy whatever you want .
And that , of course , is the problem .
We now have a fundamental market and a business ecosystem built on top of cybercrime .
For example , how can these men really work out of their operations ? Let &apos;s go and look at INTERPOL pages and look for the most searchable people .
We find people like Bjorn Sundin , who come from Sweden , and his suspicious partner who also encountered INTERPOL in search papers , like Shailbox Jain , the U.S. citizen .
These guys did an operation called the U.N. , a cybercriminal entertainment surgery that they recruited millions .
They &apos;re both falling apart .
Nobody knows where they are .
Just a few weeks ago , the U.S. government issued a Swiss bank account , which was owned by , say , 14.9 million U.S. dollars .
So online harassment generates a huge amount of money .
And that means that cybercriminals can invest in the future .
We know that online editors are the same programmers , same experts , test their homes , and they have responsible systems with SQL data .
And they can let themselves see how we work — how conservatives work — and try to get rid of any protection that we &apos;re creating .
They &apos;re also using global Internet privacy .
I mean , the Internet is intermediate .
That &apos;s why we call it the Internet .
And if you go back and look at what &apos;s happening in the virtual world right now , this is a video created by Clarified Networks , showing how one family of Kenyan programs can move around the world .
This operation , I think , from Estonia , is moving from one country to another when only half are trying to do it .
So these guys are just not allowed to go on a journey .
They go from one country to another , from one jurisdiction to another — moving the world around the world , using the fact that we don &apos;t have the opportunity globally to leave justice when they do .
So the Internet is kind of like some vast flying saucer for all the world &apos;s Internet criminals .
So criminals who have never been able to get us there — now they can .
This is , are we online searching for cybercriminals ?
How can you actually find them ?
Let me give you an example .
What we &apos;ve got here is one covered failure .
Here , I &apos;m looking at a six-year-old code that actually looks like a failure in which it &apos;s crushed .
And that actually means that if you try to look at this image on your Windows computer , the file actually takes over your computer and leaves the code .
So if you look at this image profile — this is the front of the picture , and this is the actual code for the initiation .
And that code was encrypted , so let &apos;s describe it .
It was encrypted by the XOR function of 97 .
You just have to trust me , he was so enslaved .
And we can go over here and actually figure it out .
Well , part of the code now is broken .
And I know it doesn &apos;t really look like anything else .
But just look at it .
You &apos;re actually going to see that over here , you can actually see an online address : unionseekekekeee./ / io.exe , and when you look at this image on your computer , it &apos;s actually going to send that program and leave it behind .
And it &apos;s a simple trick that the program will take over your computer .
But what &apos;s even more interesting is that if we continue to crack the code , we find a strange line written by the O600KO78RUS .
That code is there , after all , coding like writing .
It &apos;s useless .
And I looked at him , and I tried to figure out what he meant .
So I promised him .
There was no video , there was no video .
So I talked to the men in the lab .
We have a few pigeons in the lab , and one of them remembered that the power was rotten like Russia .
And 78 is the city of Sanc Peterburg .
For example , you can find it in phone numbers and in car numbers , and so on .
So I started looking for the contacts of Sanc Peterborg , and over the long term , we finally found this particular page .
Here &apos;s this Russian who &apos;s been working on the Internet for a few years now , who has his private section , and he &apos;s leaving his website in the popular Live Journal .
And in this blog , he wrote about his life , how he lived in Sanc Peterborg — he wrote about his father , his daughter .
And he has a very nice car .
In fact , this guy is driving on a Mercedes-Benz S600 V12 with a six liter tank and more than 400 pounds of force .
Well , that &apos;s a pretty good car for a 20-year-old boy in Sanc Peterburg .
Where do I know about this car ?
Because he wrote about it in his blog .
It actually goes into the air .
In the middle of Santa Peterborg , he got into another car .
And he uploaded photos of that incident on his blog — this is his Mercedes — and this is Lad Samara , who he inspired .
And you can see that Samara &apos;s number is over 78RUS .
And if you look at all the images of the avatar , you can see that the number on Mercedes is O600KO78RUS .
Well , I &apos;m not a lawyer , but if I were , I would say , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s over . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So what happens when Internet traffic is over ?
Well , it doesn &apos;t usually go that far .
For most of the majority of the Internet crashes , we don &apos;t even know what the Earth &apos;s impact is .
And even if we put online dictionaries , it &apos;s often not the result .
The local police do nothing , and if they do , there &apos;s not enough evidence , or for some reason we cannot ignore them .
I want everything to be simpler , but it &apos;s not .
But things are changing pretty quickly .
You &apos;ve all heard about things like Stuxnet .
If you look at what Stuxnet did , they put this thing down .
This is Siemens &apos; 7,400 PLC , programmed by logic editing .
And this is what controls our infrastructure .
This is what controls everything around us .
PLC , those little boxes that don &apos;t have a screen , those little keyboards that are programmed , put them in their place and remain their work .
For example , the elevators in this building are very powerful things to control these things .
And when Stuxnet finds one , there &apos;s a big revolution going on about what kind of risk we should not take .
Because everything around us is controlled by these things .
I mean , we have critical infrastructure .
You take any industry , any geese , any chemical industry , any food industry , look at it — everything is controlled by computers .
Everything is controlled by computers .
Everything depends on this computer .
We depend very much on the Internet , on ordinary things like electricity , obviously , on computers running .
And there &apos;s really something that brings us new problems .
We need to have some way to work even if the computers don &apos;t change .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) So preparation means that we can do things even when things don &apos;t go wrong .
It &apos;s really a very simple thing — thinking about the intensity , the replication of tasks , about things that are really important .
Now I told you — ( Laughter ) I love the Internet . Right .
Just think about all the services we have on the Internet .
Think about what if they were remembered from you , if one day you wouldn &apos;t trust them for one reason or another .
I see beauty in the future of the Internet , but I &apos;m concerned that we can &apos;t see it .
I don &apos;t think we &apos;re dealing with the problems of the Internet .
Internet connectivity is one thing that can take these things away from us .
( Laughter ) I &apos;ve spent my life on a safe network , and I really feel that if we don &apos;t face cybercrime , we risk losing everything .
We need to do it globally , and we need to do it now .
What we need is more global , intermediate law enforcement seeking online harassment groups — these organized groups doing millions of their assets .
It &apos;s much more important than anti-virus programs and coding .
What &apos;s really important is that it &apos;s really a collaboration for the people who are in charge of the attacks , and more importantly , we have to find those people who are willing to become part of this cybercriminal justice world , but not yet .
We need to find people with dignity , but without the opportunity and give them the opportunity to use their jobs for good reasons .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
So it was 1995 , I &apos;m a college student , along with a friend of mine who is on the way from Province , Rod Ailand , to Portland Oregon .
You know , we &apos;re young and we don &apos;t have jobs , so we &apos;re traveling around the country in parks and national forests — basically the longest road we could ever get .
And somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Gyre , I turned to my friend and asked a question that fascinated me over the last 3,000 kilometers .
&quot; What does that mean for the Chinese hieroglyphics that I see along the way ? &quot;
A friend of mine looked at me completely foreign .
In fact , the gentleman in the first row is perfectly impaired by her facial expression .
( Laughter ) And I &apos;m going to go , &quot; &quot; You know , all these characters that we see on the Chinese character . &quot; &quot; She just turned to me for a few moments , and then laughed , because she realizes what I &apos;m talking about .
And this is what I &apos;m talking about .
( Laughter ) Actually , the Chinese hieroglyphics arrived . ( Laughter )
I spent five years of my life thinking about situations like this — why we sometimes misunderstand the marks around us , and how we act when that happens , and what we can say about the human toll .
In other words , as you &apos;ve heard from Chris , I spent five years thinking about climate .
It may seem like a strange career step , but actually it has one great privilege : no competition for work .
( Laughter ) In fact , most of us do everything we can to get away from thinking about the situation , or at least get distracted by thinking about the possibility that we all fail .
We understand this in an abstract way .
We all know that everyone in this room makes mistakes .
Human beings , collective beings , are crazy — all right .
But when it comes down to me right now , all of my beliefs here , in the present time , all of a sudden all of these abstract perceptions of mistakes flowing through the window — and I can &apos;t think of anything that makes me fall .
The trick is that the present time is where we live .
At the same time , we &apos;re going to meet ; we &apos;re going to be running out of time with our families ; we &apos;re going to be running out and voting on time .
In reality , we &apos;re all sort of on a lifelong journey , compressed into this little feeling that we &apos;re very right about everything , bubble .
I think that &apos;s a problem .
I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as individuals in our personal and professional lives , and I think it &apos;s a problem for all of us as cultures .
So what I want to do today is , first of all , talk about why we shed this sense of justice .
And second , why is this a problem ?
And finally , I want to convince you that it &apos;s possible to get away from this feeling , and that if you could do that , it would be the only great moral , intellectual and creative act that you can do .
So why do we insist on this law ?
One reason , in fact , is associated with feeling when we fail .
So let me ask you this — or just , let me ask you a question , because you &apos;re here : What feeling , emotionally , how does it feel ?
Get out . Get out of the ground .
No . Okay , good , good .
I &apos;m sorry , I &apos;m sorry — thank you , that &apos;s a very good answer , but that answers to a different question .
You , people , you answer the question : What is the feeling of failure ?
( Laughter ) The realization that failure can be like this and other things , right ?
I mean , it can be degrading , it can be degrading , actually , it can be funny , like my grandmother is falling behind a Chinese symbol .
But just being unhappy is not taught .
Let me give you an analogy .
Do you remember the Loony Tunes animation in which the legs were covered , swirling around and never ending up with a bird ?
In virtually every shot in this movie , there was a moment when the foot hits the bird , and the bird hits the scene , it &apos;s good , it &apos;s bird , and it can go on .
But what &apos;s needed is that the foot is going to follow it from the stage .
And the funny thing is , even if you &apos;re six years old , it &apos;s pretty good for your leg .
He just keeps going — until he looks down and realizes there &apos;s time .
That &apos;s when it stops .
When we fail for something — not when we realize it , but until then — we are like that foot after it falls off the grid , and before it falls into the ground .
You know , we &apos;re wrong , we &apos;re already in trouble , but we feel like we &apos;re on the edge of a cliff .
So , in fact , I should say something about what I said in the moment before .
We feel like we &apos;re wrong ; we feel right .
( Laughter ) So that &apos;s one of the reasons , the structural reason , why we insist on this notion that we &apos;re right .
I call it the wrong word .
Most of the time , we don &apos;t have any inner signals that allow us to know that because of something we &apos;re missing until it &apos;s too late .
But there &apos;s also a second reason why we &apos;re comfortable with this belief — and it &apos;s a culture .
Take a moment to start school .
You sit there in the classroom , and your teacher comes back to the table , and one of them looks like this .
Indeed , it &apos;s not a thought .
( Laughter ) So you &apos;re in elementary school , and you know exactly what you &apos;re thinking about a kid who got this page .
A child , a former coworker , who never does homework .
So by the time you &apos;re nine years old , you &apos;ve already learned that , first of all , those people who are misled are lazy , accountable accountants — and second , that in order to achieve success , you must never make mistakes .
We learn these really bad lessons very well .
And many of us — and I think , particularly many of us in this room — are faced with this by just becoming perfect little decades , perfect , masters .
Indeed , the head of state finance , astrophysics , ultra-marathon ?
( Laughter ) I think all of you are financial directors , astrophysicists , ultra-marathoners .
Okay , that &apos;s great .
Except , at that time , we were afraid of the opportunity to do something wrong .
Because after all , doing something wrong means something wrong with us .
So we just take the time to be right , because it makes us feel smart , responsible , generous and safe .
So let me tell you a story .
A few years ago , a woman came to Beth Israel Deacon &apos;s medical center .
Beth Israel is Boston .
This is Harvard Medical School , one of the best hospitals in the world .
So this woman comes in and she &apos;s invited to the operating room .
She &apos;s determined , the surgeon does his job — sticks up and takes her to the operating room .
It seems like it &apos;s all done well .
And finally , she looks down at herself and says , &quot; &quot; Why is it that the half of my body is protected ? &quot; &quot; So it &apos;s not the half of her body in the shape , because the surgeon has had a serious operation on her left leg instead of on the right .
When the president of the Health Service in Beth Israel spoke about this incident , he said something interesting .
He said , &quot; &quot; For some reason surgery , he simply felt he was on the right side of the patient . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) The point of this story is that overwhelming the belief that you are on the right side of everything can be very dangerous .
The middle sense of justice that we all experience so often is not the belief in what &apos;s actually happening in the outside world .
And when we do that , and we stop looking at the possibility of failing , so then we end up adding things like 57 million gallons of gasoline to the Gulf of Mexico , or a global economic disaster .
So this is a huge practical problem .
But together , it &apos;s a huge social problem .
Think for a moment about what it means to feel right .
That means that you think your beliefs are just the right answer to reality .
And when you feel that way , you have to solve the problem , how do you try to explain your reality to all those people who don &apos;t like you ?
It turns out that most of our people explain reality in a similar way — a few failed principles .
The first thing we usually do , which is something that doesn &apos;t happen to us , we just think they won &apos;t .
They don &apos;t have access to the same information as we do , and when we relate that information to them , they go out and join our team .
When it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people know the same facts as us , and they still don &apos;t deal with us , we go to the second assumption which is — they &apos;re idiots .
( Laughter ) They have all the right parts of the box , but they &apos;re too lazy to get them right .
And when it doesn &apos;t work , when it explains that those people who disagree with us know the same facts and are fairly smart , we move to the third assumption : they know the truth , and they follow it entirely because of personal goals .
So this is a disaster .
This commitment to justice requires us to avoid mistakes that we all desperately need and make us act compassionately with each other .
But what I find most fascinating and tragic about this is that it matters to who we are .
It &apos;s like we want to imagine that our brains are wired open windows , and we just look through them and define the open world .
And we want everybody to look through the same window and see the same thing .
It doesn &apos;t , and if so , life will be incredibly boring .
Your mental wonder is not that you see the world as it is .
The trick is you see the world as it is not .
We can remember the past , and we can think about the future , and we can imagine what it means to be another person elsewhere .
And we all do this a little bit differently , which is why we can look at the same night sky and see that , and that &apos;s why .
And that &apos;s why we fail .
1,200 years before Doctor , he said the phrase , &quot; I think , you name it , I am , &quot; and Sue . Augustine sat down and wrote &quot; &quot; Fallor ergo sum &quot; &quot; — &quot; Honey , you name it , I am . &quot;
Augustine realizes that our ability to remember is not some sort of deep-diving human touch , something that we can smell or melt .
It &apos;s all about who we are .
Because unlike God , we don &apos;t actually know what &apos;s going on .
And unlike all other animals , we &apos;re sitting around trying to explain this .
I think that mania is the source of all our productivity and all of our creation .
Over the past few years , for several reasons , I &apos;ve been covering myself with a lot of public radio on this &quot; &quot; American life &quot; &quot; series .
And so I listened and listened , and at some point I began to feel like all those stories were about failure .
And my first thought was , &quot; &quot; I started .
And then we make mistakes .
I just imagined them everywhere , &quot; &quot; which never happened .
But after a couple of months , I actually had the privilege of asking this leader Ira Glass .
And I remembered him , and he said something like this , &quot; &quot; No , actually , that &apos;s true .
Among other things , &quot; &quot; he said , &quot; &quot; As fashion designers , we laugh that each of our series has the same raw topic .
And that closed theme is , &quot; &quot; I think one will happen , and everything will happen . &quot; &quot; And that &apos;s what Ira Glass says , &quot; &quot; We need it .
We need all these amazing , unfortunate moments and mistakes to make this story come true . &quot; &quot; And the rest of us , the audience , the audience , the readers , we lose it .
We like things like static cheap , false satisfaction and unexpected consequences .
In our history , we love failure .
But , you know , our history is like this , because our lives are like this .
We think one will happen , and that &apos;s where everything else happens .
George Bush thought that he would go back to Iraq , and he suffered a lot of weapons of mass destruction , liberating people and building democracy in the Middle Ages .
And something else happened .
Hosni Mubarak thought that Egyptian dictatorship would be the lifespan of his life , until he &apos;s too old and he &apos;s sick and he can transcend his son .
And something else happened .
And maybe you think you &apos;re going to grow up and stay out of middle school lovers , come back to your city and raise a group of kids .
And something else happened .
And I have to tell you that I think I wrote an incredibly boring book about something that everybody doesn &apos;t know , an audience that never sees .
And something else happened .
( Laughter ) I mean , that &apos;s life .
Luckily and unfortunately , we create an incredible story about the world that surrounds us , and then the world surrounds us and surrounds us .
Don &apos;t worry , but this whole conference is an incredible reminder of our ability to fail .
We just spend a week talking about innovation and adventure , but you know why we need all this innovation and knowledge and sophistication ?
Because half of the things that were most valuable to think and change the world — TED1998 — yes .
( Laughter ) It didn &apos;t really work that way , did it ? ( Laughter )
Where is my rocket ship , Chris ? ( Laughter )
( Applause ) So we &apos;re back here .
And this is how it happens .
We think of another idea .
We tell a different story .
Let &apos;s have another conference .
This subject , as you &apos;ve heard seven million times , is a fantastic new discovery .
And for me , if you really want to find the beauty , you need to look outward from this tiny , ambitious space of justice and look at each other and look at the complexity and complexity of the universe , and be able to say , &quot; &quot; I don &apos;t know .
Maybe I &apos;m wrong . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you guys . ( Applause )
On the fifth of December of 1990 , a man named El-Sayyid Nosair walked into the Manhattan district and killed Rabbi Meir Kane , the leader of the Jewish wildlife .
Luckily , those plans were funded by the FTB computer .
Unfortunately , in 1993 , bombing was not at the World Trade Center .
Nosaur finally was convicted of his participation .
El-Sayyid Nosair is my father .
In my experience , I say that when people are interacting with each other , it doesn &apos;t take long for us to understand that the same things in life don &apos;t last .
A few months ago , after his death , he sat me down and he explained that for the last few weeks he had gone to Sweden with his friends in Long Island .
He said I should go with him the next morning .
That day , the last goal of my hot dog turned into a little orange light that was above full speed and everything , and especially my wonderful , perfect storm .
My daughter came to another man , and Arabic said , &quot; &quot; Absolutely . &quot; &quot; Which father , such and son .
They all seemed very funny , but after a few years , I completely understood what was funny for them .
They thought I saw the same desire to destroy my father .
These people were finally left behind a burial plate of 650 pounds of dementia and left at a time of standing on the ground , the World Trade Center in the Northern Hemisphere , creating a solution that killed six people and died over 1,000 .
These were the people I targeted .
The people I called amino acids mean boxes .
I spent most of my time in class when I was a new figure , I used to think of myself .
I was raised to support people with unprecedented criteria , like race or religion .
So what opened my eyes to ?
One of the first experiments that influenced my thinking was in the 2000s presidential elections .
My group &apos;s attention was focused on the death of my youth because I &apos;ve been a huge part of my life , and it &apos;s been a huge part of my life .
Our team members came from all walks of life .
One day after the conventions was over , I learned that one of the children I was with was killed .
Before that , I didn &apos;t have a friend &apos;s voice , and if I was honest , I would feel honored to be able to surround the barrier that most of my life was experienced as ineffective .
The other key step in opening was when I found Bus Garden &apos;s Prime Minister .
This is where I showed all the people of all faiths and cultures , and this experience was based on my longest character .
For a long time in my life , I &apos;ve been told that homosexuality is a disorder , and that all homosexuals make an unfair impact .
At Prague Park , I got a chance to work with some gay artists , and I suddenly realized that they were the best , the least positive people I knew .
The experience of childhood with me has generated a sense of empathy for other people , and it seems to me that it &apos;s not the case for good people , it &apos;s not the way I want them to behave with me .
And because of that , I was able to compare the stereotypes of childhood with living experiences and interactions .
I don &apos;t know what it means to be gay , but I &apos;m familiar with the right thing to control .
Another thing was , &quot; &quot; The Last Jon Stewart . &quot; &quot; Last Jon Stewart made me open to myself about my fault , and it helped me realize that human race , religion or sexual orientation had nothing to do with the character .
He was my father in many ways when I almost needed it .
Often the inspiration can be found in unexpected places , and the realization that the word comedian has made me more positive than my extreme father , I &apos;m not worried .
One day , I was talking to my mother about the reading of my worldviews , and she said what I would hold around my heart till I was alive .
She looked at me in the eye of a man who had suffered enough malpractice and said , &quot; I &apos;m going to hate people . &quot;
At that time , I realized how much clothing ouds need to be put into place .
So Ebrahim is not my real name .
I changed it when my family and I decided to connect with my father and start a new life .
So why did I tell my story and I see myself in danger ?
It &apos;s simple .
I &apos;ve done this with the hope that somebody can use a hurry someday to listen to my history and understand that it &apos;s a better way , that even though I &apos;ve been attached to this ugly , unlimited ideology , I haven &apos;t been obsessed with fanaticism .
Instead , I chose to use my experience against terrorism , against fanaticism .
I do this because of the gold of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the pain and the loss that has created terrorism in their lives .
For those of you who are terrorist , I &apos;m going to speak to you about these awful acts of my father .
And because of this simple fact , I &apos;m standing here as a proof that death is not disillusioned by religion or race and that the sons don &apos;t have to follow their parents .
I &apos;m not my father .
Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you , everyone . ( Applause ) Thank you . ( Applause ) Thank you very much . ( Applause )
A few years ago , I walked into my own house .
And as I stood in front of the line , under the chair , I realized I had no love .
In fact , I could see them through the window on the kitchen table where I left them .
So I quickly walked around and tried the other door and the windows , and they were all well struck .
I couldn &apos;t drive back to my friend Jeff at night , because in the morning I had my first slate in Europe , and I needed my breath and my legacy .
When I got bored and got cold , I found a big step , and I broke the corner window , I pulled out the glass ceiling , stuck it in the middle , colored a piece of cardboard , and with the liver , I turned it on the floor , thinking that the morning , I got into the air conditioning , I could climb up the mountain to make it
It &apos;s going to be brilliant , but it &apos;s probably not much cheaper than the printer in the middle of the night , so I thought , with the environment , it sounds something like this .
I &apos;m a neuroscientist by training , and I know a little bit about how the brain works when it &apos;s stressful .
They separate the cartilage which causes heart failure , which changes the level of the adrenaline and subtracts the thought .
( Laughter ) And it wasn &apos;t until a few weeks ago that I realized I had no impact . ( Laughter )
This is me flying home through the snow and the ice , 40 minutes , I took the tracks , I flew back to the airport , I still dreamed , but they gave my place to someone else , so they took me back to the airport next to the bathroom , to a chair that does not reach for eight hours .
Well , I had time to think about that eight-hour dilemma .
( Laughter ) So I began to wonder , can you do anything , to set up systems that are protected from such bad things ?
Or if something bad happens already , at least the probability of catastrophe is declining .
So I started thinking about this , but the mind didn &apos;t sit down until about a month ago .
I talked to my colleague , Nobel Prize winner , Danny Kahneman , and as I was sitting there , I talked about my expanded window and how I forgot the date , and Dan said he practiced something called the retrospective of the future .
( Laughter ) This is the psychologist Gary Klein , who was written a few years ago by a psychologist called the opposite sex research .
You all know what an unfortunate study is .
When the unfortunate happens , an expert team comes in and tries to figure out what happens .
So today I want to talk about a couple of things that can be applied as a previous investigation .
Some are obvious , some are not .
Let me start with the simple one .
Put a place in your nose that &apos;s easily distracted .
It sounds like a healthy mind , and it is , but it does apply to a lot of science , maintaining how internal memory works .
There &apos;s a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved for thousands of years to be able to follow important things — places where there are hawks where you can find hunger , those medicinal plants where friends and contradictions live .
The hippocampus is a part of the brain that &apos;s growing up in London for refugees .
This is the part that allows the winners to find their solution .
And if you think about it , somebody actually did an experiment where the guys were swimming around in smoke , and they still found solutions .
They &apos;re not using a smell , but at the very best , the machinery of the brain to find things .
But it only works really well with things that aren &apos;t moving too well , and not so well moved .
And so we see the rocks of the machine , or the lines of the reading and the traces .
So take a place for your loved ones home — a cable near the door , maybe a deck of cards .
It &apos;s a particular style .
It &apos;s a specific tablet .
If you define a place and really enjoy it , your stuff will always be there when you need it .
How about travel ?
Photograph your credit card , your credit card details , send yourself to sleep .
If these things are successful or their dangers , it &apos;s much easier to get them .
These things are quite obvious .
Remember , when the brain is stressed out , the brain is distorting cortex .
Cortisol is wonderful ; it challenges thinking .
So part of the preparation process in the face of uncertainty is to understand that through stress , we &apos;re not as good as we can be , and therefore we need protective systems .
And perhaps there &apos;s no more stress than making medical decisions .
And sometimes we all get in this situation where we have to make very important decisions about our treatment or our treatment or help them survive .
So I want to talk about that .
I &apos;m going to talk about a particular medical situation .
But that applies to all of the decisions involved in medicine , even financial or social decisions — but any decision that &apos;s rational to the rational facts .
You go to the doctor &apos;s office and she says , &quot; What &apos;s the results of the lab and your cholesterol is pretty high . &quot;
You all know that high cholesterol is combined with increased heart disease , heart disease , insulin .
And you think the high cholesterol level is not good , and the doctor says , &quot; &quot; You know , I can give you a drug that will help reduce the amount of cholesterol , the state . &quot; &quot; You &apos;ve probably heard about the statins , they &apos;re one of the most common drug in the world today , maybe you even know somebody who &apos;s consuming them .
It &apos;s the numbers that need to be left out .
And what is this SRP ?
These are the numbers of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery or other treatment to get a drug to be left .
You might think , well , what &apos;s going on over here ?
This number should be one .
But that &apos;s not really how medicine works .
And it &apos;s not a doctor &apos;s office , if anything for that , it &apos;s a scientist like me .
We haven &apos;t figured out all the mechanisms that are connected .
But Glaxo estimates that 90 percent of the drugs are only 30 to 50 percent of the patients .
So the numbers have to leave the most frequently written statue , what would it be ?
How many people need to eat it to get one ?
300 .
I looked at the numbers myself .
300 people have a drug to eat for years , while calling for one heart attack , insulin , whatever .
You might think , &quot; &quot; One in 300 chance to reduce cholesterol .
Why not ? Give me these drugs . &quot; &quot; But then you have to ask another factor , and that &apos;s , &quot; &quot; What are the side effects of drugs ? &quot; &quot; Right ?
And among them there are terrible things : the next pain of the worms and the next pain of the worms and the next pain and the worst of the worms — but now you &apos;re thinking , &quot; &quot; Five percent , I &apos;m not really sure that &apos;s going to happen to me , I &apos;m still going to get medicine . &quot; &quot; But hang on .
Remember that you can &apos;t think of stress clearly .
300 people are using drugs . One is working , five percent of those 300 are receiving stolen effects , 15 people .
Fifteen times more likely your drug will change than it will help you .
I &apos;m not telling you whether to eat a statue , or not .
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor .
You have a right to get that kind of information so you can ask whether you want to take the risk or not .
Now you might think that I took this number out of the mind that I was going to squeeze you , but it &apos;s actually quite typical to keep the numbers going .
Usually , surgeries , just over 50 years of age , the simple warning of cancer is 50 .
Yes , 49 surgeries were done while leaving one person .
And the side effects are 50 percent of patients .
Between them , impotence , erection , lack of sleep , recklessness , lack of suffering .
And if you &apos;re following you , and you &apos;re one of those who describe it , maybe it &apos;ll only take a year or two .
The idea of contemporary investigation is to ask questions that should be asked in order to act first .
You don &apos;t really want to think about it all at once .
And you should remember things like quality of life .
Because you often have a choice , do you want to live a shorter life without suffering , or do you want to live a long life without suffering , to end suffering ?
These are the things we need to talk about now with our families and our loved ones .
You can smell this during the course of events , but at least you &apos;ll be able to try this kind of food .
You don &apos;t need the upper system , or liver , or immune system , because if the body of these particles beats its metabolism and doesn &apos;t react quickly , it can perform liver oil , and then it &apos;s all unnecessary .
Unfortunately , one of the things that &apos;s going on during stress in the window is rational , logical thinking , as Danny Kahneman and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think first about this situation .
I think it &apos;s important to recognize that we don &apos;t all suffer .
We will all meet at some point .
I mean , let &apos;s think from the beginning of how unfortunate it is to have various ways of reducing poverty , or getting the path to bad things .
Going back to that snowy night in Monrealio , when I came back after my trip , I wrote a master &apos;s degree to set up a coding pot next to my door , covered in front door , easy to remember where it was .
I have to confess that I still have a skin that I haven &apos;t developed , and that skin behavior I haven &apos;t read .
So I &apos;m not exactly confused , but I see behavior as a progressive process , and I move forward .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Fifty years ago in the Soviet Union , an engineering group flew a large piece of equipment in the square area .
They hoped to enjoy the thoughts of many people worldwide for the first time in history to combat space .
The rocket was huge .
With the same opposite direction , the current route , which is inside , two radio receivers .
In 1957 , they left their rocket .
One Russian scientists at the time wrote , &quot; &quot; We will build a new planet called Sputnik .
For years , travelers like Vaska da Gama and Columbus were lucky to find new lands .
Now we have to be happy to find space .
And this is the future towards other people to enjoy our joy . &quot; &quot; You &apos;re looking at a clip from Sputnik , my fifth documentary film , which is almost done .
He tells the story of Sputnik and how he painted America .
After the break , Sputnik created all sorts of things .
A human being made the moon , seen by ordinary people , searched for support and determination that people had finally put something into space .
But after three days , the so-called Red Day , the media and politicians announced us , and we believed Sputnik was a proof that our opposite of science and technology had hit us , and that they can now pull us through the water bomb through the Sputnik rocket .
And that &apos;s when the story started .
Great Sputnik became one of the three great American intersections , compared to Perl Harbor and its 11 tragedy .
He showed a rocket figure .
He was in pursuit of armor .
And we are burning space .
In the last year &apos;s funding for Congress , the debt grew dramatically : from 1,200 to 20,000 nuclear weapons .
However , Sputnik has done much more than weapons .
For example , some of you may remember the 1958 January , the national preservation training , when tens of millions of people in 78 cities fell on the ground .
Or a Gallup survey that showed that seven out of 10 Americans believe that nuclear war will happen , and that at least 50 percent of American lives .
And yet , Sputnik has increased tremendous change .
For example , some of you here have been given a graduate degree in science just because of Sputnik .
Engineering , mathematics , natural science , and the scope of education , the rate has grown enormously .
Win Cerf has shown that Sputnik has also directly contributed to the creation of ARPA , the creation of the Internet , and , of course , NASA &apos;s space agency .
My documentary footage shows how a free society can be harnessed by those who know how to use news .
But it also tells us how we can change the situation that seems to be a very uncomfortable situation for what Americans have done for a very long time .
The Sputnik movie will be broadcast pretty quickly .
Ultimately , I &apos;d like to use the prize and thank one of my investors for a very long time to join TED , Jay Walker .
I also want to thank all of you .
( Applause )
Thank you , Chris .
The Mass Generation of Technologies has been working for 44 years , and I &apos;ve been working on the same TED stage .
The third environment is less obvious .
Does it all fit ? No , not entirely .
These are everyday things : time , rockets , hair , glass .
We all know these simple things very well every day .
They &apos;re often told that they &apos;re going to move to war .
These things were discovered in the capsule in my home country , and even when we talked to experts , the bodies emerged from new machines , 20 years after the war .
And it seems to be the biggest cathedral we &apos;ve ever found .
During the fourth round conflict , the destruction of Bosnia in the early 1990s , around 30,000 people , most civilians , were thriving and killed in time , and another 100,000 were killed in carcinogens .
The Infinity Mushroom has changed some pain beyond humans and gender .
Genocide is not just about killing people .
But with their persistence , their cultural landscape , and perhaps , finally , the same idea that they once existed , believed .
Genocide is not just about death ; it &apos;s about defeating human identity .
There are always seats — no perfect seats .
There are always dead ends that are safer than their bodies or our easy remembers .
Our goal is not to be recognized by any body .
Since that time , when they &apos;re discovering things that the villagers didn &apos;t sit with themselves in an execution location , they &apos;re responsible for being analyzed by putting in a list and security .
Thousands of drugs have been converted into plastic bags , just like you see in the CSI .
Experts use these things as a tool for learning , but they &apos;re also using them as very valuable tools at the moment in which we &apos;re seeing war crimes .
Sometimes in real life , it &apos;s asking us to predict what these things depended on , looking at them , but it &apos;s an incredibly complicated , inefficient and painful process .
It &apos;s hard to believe , but many of them are disappointed or simply disappointed by our actions and thoughts .
A few years ago , I decided to photograph every excellent thing , trying to create a visual archive that could easily be viewed by survivors .
As a storyteller , I would like to welcome communities .
I &apos;d like to inform people everywhere .
And perhaps in this way , someone will recognize these things , or at least their photographs will remain like a latent , never-been-done-before image of what happened .
These pictures are about our understanding of each other , and the knowledge of these things is that we understand a little bit more about each other .
In this case , I &apos;m just a tool , you can say &quot; &quot; expert in theory , &quot; &quot; and the result is a photograph that we all agree on how good a document can be .
One day , when all the individuals will recognize , there are only thousands of bodies in their pockets and these daily objects .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
Now I &apos;m going to show you something .
And as I was doing these 30-day challenges , I learned a few things .
This was part of the experiment that I did — I photographed it every month .
I would never be that exhausted .
Yeah .
In fact , they give you an unprecedented amount of money .
( Applause )
Hi . I &apos;d like to share with you some of the projects that are going on .
Because we &apos;re still trying to do these projects , we &apos;re working on a lot of our intuitions and postures .
So I &apos;m going to try to describe some of the experiments that we &apos;re looking for in each of these jobs .
The first project is called Waterhouse .
The viewer is sort of walking into the room , and instantly he &apos;s putting this deck out of the wall .
In a few seconds , it &apos;s as if the pedestrian saw her , she looks , compares , and she stops in grief symmetry .
( Laughter ) So here &apos;s the essence of two things .
One is complete chaos . The other is absolute matter .
And we were interested in seeing how little change needed to move from one state to another .
And it reminded us of two different identity traditions .
One is in the 17th century , the Air Force and the other is about 100 years old , the Milky Way abstract composition .
I &apos;m just going to show you a video .
To give you a sense of scale , the largest slope is about two meters high .
That &apos;s about it . And the smallest is the A4 form .
So the viewer sticks into their space , and they suddenly reach the position .
And after a while , if the viewer and the viewer stays located in their space , the viewer is kind of closed in the space of the viewer , they are becoming remembered and independent while they are , as if they &apos;re in a room or a room where they are standing again and again .
( Laughter ) So it seems that the viewer is kind of creating a sense of shape between the glasses , but it may also be quite clear that the viewer is so accurate that the viewer is actually holding onto the viewpoint .
This brings me to the past , a simpler project called Rankins .
The viewer sees a piece of paper that &apos;s attached to the remote wall , but in the front , you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s a typical A4 shape , or a sheet of paper that &apos;s hollowed out of both sides , which has been removed with infinite amounts of attention and attention from small pieces of media .
The viewer also sees that all this skull is moving very tightly , as though these two hands are trying to keep a piece of paper in the middle of his long haul , and they &apos;re not succeeding .
So we moved this instability very primarily by film with our hands .
So I &apos;m going to show you two clips per second .
One is a camera that &apos;s not moving , and the other is a camera .
And you suddenly see how unstable the image is about the viewer and the subjective view .
So we just turned the camera on and turned the movement on the keyboard .
Here &apos;s a clip .
You have to imagine another arm that &apos;s not there yet .
But for us , we seem to be trying to eradicate smallpox , as if behind this big pocket page is a small person with real hands .
It &apos;s sort of comparing it to the amount of blood you need to do this service , and it &apos;s very delicate to present this piece of paper in front of you .
The other thing is mass .
This is a cardboard model , so the object is about as dead as I am .
It has a surrounding body , two hands , and very high like a giant — a mind , and its only purpose is to attract attention .
So as the viewer walks by , it sort of flips from one side to the other and moves his arm further and further apart as the person gets older .
This is the first test scenario .
You see two integrated movements , and the object seems to be trying to use all of itself in this desperate expression .
But the idea is that when you get your attention , you don &apos;t care about it , and you look for somebody else &apos;s attention .
( Laughter ) This is a potential massage body .
It seems like it &apos;s a machine manufacturing device that came from manufacturing like a safety car or a safety car .
Since we &apos;re always working in a very personal space , we like this consumer aesthetic that kind of personalizes the object and gives us a little bit of empathy with our imagination .
And so for us , it &apos;s a self-sufficient creature that tries to attract our attention from things that require our attention , but it &apos;s also a creature that might need help .
The other one is called &quot; &quot; The Wizard of Oz . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s also a self-directed voice .
It has an amphitheater shape , and it &apos;s made by an audience the size of the person on the stage .
That &apos;s where I &apos;m standing , each of you looks this size , and the audience sort of covers all my visual field .
There are 996 little shapes in the auditorium .
It teaches them to mechanically pay for their own choice .
That means that each one of them can decide if and when they want to spend , how strong and how long they want to be around them or how to paint others , and whether they want to contribute to innovation .
When the viewer steps in front of the audience , the response is closed .
It can be a bit of a joke or a joke , and then no one happens until the viewer walks out of the stage and reacts again .
It can be anything from a few more powerful branches in the audience , or it can be a very loud ovation .
So for us , I think , we look at the audience as the object itself or the object itself , which also has its own music as an instrument .
So the viewer can play by crossing a rather complex and diverse set of musical notes or audio structures , but they can &apos;t either turn on the audience to respond correctly .
So there you feel like you &apos;re making a decision and you &apos;re feeling uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
It also has plants and plants .
So here , if you can see we &apos;re very happy , because of the image shifting into two hands .
This is a tiny animation , like the two brainstorms that connect with each other to find the sense of hope and purpose .
And here you see the prototype .
So we don &apos;t predict when we &apos;re going to take out all 996 of them .
Okay , this is the last project . We call it the Red Brigades .
It comes out of the window .
This is a window in our study , and as you can see , it &apos;s made out of three different bits of wood .
So we used the same window vocabulary to create our own version or a network that goes into the room that you can see from both sides .
There &apos;s a group of small figures that live on this network .
They &apos;re also made up of three different sizes , like turning a certain perspective or curving into one space .
Each one of these shapes can travel and find , and on the first road , and follow two pathways .
So unlike this very difficult complex network , we wanted to give characters to mosquitos and knees as if they were physically constrained by flight .
We like the idea that these shapes dance as if they &apos;re transcendent and they don &apos;t have any kind of tenderness and tenderness , as long as they &apos;re attached to a movement from view to view , and they &apos;re hanging out behind the wall .
So we have this project in front of us .
These images are kind of embedded in this very mesh-like network , which is like a mesh , but it &apos;s also a mess , because it allows them to execute awareness and ridicule and unnecessary things that happen in the outside world .
So all of these real-life pieces that I &apos;m talking about are much less likely to transition to a fairly specific technical configuration , and we &apos;ve been very lucky to be involved with the Curique ETH in building the first prototype .
As you can see , they took moving edges out of our multiplication and created a movement that connects the head movement and the movement to the first move .
So it &apos;s pretty small .
As you can see , it &apos;s floating in my trunk .
So imagine our excitement when we saw him perhaps in the study , and here he is .
( Laughter ) Thank you .
( Applause )
So , you know — ( Laughter ) You might start a little bit slower , in the first week you do enough that after the harder days , you put it all on your shoulder . ( Laughter )
And I wanted to do just that .
That was the plan .
( Laughter ) And that &apos;s what happened with each book .
But then there was my 90 songs that I had to write for years .
I knew that my regime wasn &apos;t going to do that .
It &apos;s a big project .
Last year .
I &apos;m going to start slowing down , and then I &apos;m going to increase the circles , and I &apos;m going to be able to get the highest staircase , like heating up after heat .
Isn &apos;t it hard to wash your clothes ?
There &apos;s nothing special about it , right ?
But the strangest thing happened .
The first few months ?
They came and went , and I didn &apos;t start .
And then from two months there was one that went on for two weeks .
One morning , I woke up , having three days to finish and still had no words . The only solution : I wrote 90 pages in 72 hours , I didn &apos;t write one , but two nights without my eyes — people shouldn &apos;t do that — went through a school town , sat down like everybody else , and sat down at the end of the day .
I thought that was the end of it .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) It wasn &apos;t . ( Laughter )
It was a bad , very bad distortion . ( Laughter )
I just wanted to get to the point where you all thought , &quot; This kid &apos;s amazing ! &quot; ( Laughter )
No , she was a god , very bad .
Today I &apos;m a writer .
I wrote a blog called Wait But Why .
A few years ago , I decided to write about surveillance .
To test this , I collaborated in an MRI lab that would paint my brain and truly injured the brain so I could compare it .
Today I &apos;m going to show you the results .
So here &apos;s the unadulterated brain .
( Laughter ) And here ...
My brain .
( Laughter ) There &apos;s a difference .
What does that mean for adults ?
That means it &apos;s all fine when this happens .
&#91; Good time to start work . &#93; &#91; No ! &#93; The rational decision maker decided to do something productive , but that &apos;s not the kind of plan for the Beijing , so she takes the government and says , &quot; &quot; Let &apos;s read everything on Wikipedia about Nancy Kerrigan / Tonya Harding scandal , because I just remember it happened .
( Laughter ) &quot; &quot; All of this takes a little while , so there &apos;s no place in the workplace for any serious work .
The ultimate Millennium Development is not the one that has to solve everything .
She lives only at this point .
She doesn &apos;t remember what she was , she doesn &apos;t know what she &apos;s going to like , only two things : to be funny and simple .
It works great in the animal world .
( Laughter ) And there &apos;s another species of animals in Beijing .
You have to learn , accept and follow your birth , and that would be enough in your life .
But if you notice , we live in different times .
In a civilizational society , and the Beijing doesn &apos;t understand what it is .
This is why in our brains there is another animal , a rational advocate , that allows us to do things that no animal can do .
We can imagine the future .
We see a shared picture .
And he wants us to do what we do best .
Sometimes it &apos;s useful for smell and simplistic things , like drinking water or drinking water or drinking water .
That &apos;s why you get congestion .
Sometimes they will .
But sometimes it &apos;s useful to do difficult and not do those crazy things called shared imagery .
And here comes the conflict .
I call this the Thames Game .
This is where freedom work happens when freedom work shouldn &apos;t happen .
When the Beijing leader asks the question of how radiologists find themselves in the blue zone , not in the malarious place where important things happen .
It explains that the opener has a carbon stick , which is from above , looking at it at the toughest moments — it &apos;s called the Panic Monstro .
And most importantly , he &apos;s the only one that fears the Bible .
( Laughter ) Of course I met .
It was always my dream to be here at TED in the past .
Do we realize what will happen one day in the future ?
We need to sit down and start working now . &quot; &quot; And the Beijing said , &quot; &quot; It &apos;s okay , but let &apos;s set up Google Earth and take an Indian image up to 200 feet above the ground and a few hours to reach the top of the country to understand India . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) That &apos;s what we did that day . ( Laughter )
When six months went to the fourth , then — two , and then one — people at TED decided to give the lectures .
I turned to the web and saw my face connected to me .
And guess what ?
( Laughter ) So , the Panic Monstro starts moving from here , and after a few seconds the whole system is turned into chaos . ( Laughter )
And the Beijing — remember , the Panikon Monster travels down the mountain — it &apos;s gone .
And finally , the rational decision makers can take a leap , and I &apos;m going to start writing a language .
Panic Monstro explains all the behaviors of the abnormal developer , like something like me for two weeks cannot write a first language , and then with amazing work , our friends won &apos;t sleep all night and write eight pages .
This situation with three characters is an extended system .
It &apos;s not good , but it works .
That &apos;s what I decided to write on the blog a few years ago .
When I did that , the responses struck me .
People were frustrated , and they wrote about how radiation took their lives , how the jewelry made their lives .
Why do people get so bad at helping ?
It turns out there are two kinds of expansion .
And that long-term investment is less awareness , less talked about it than about the funnier , long-term engagement with terms .
He &apos;s often survived in silence and alone .
It can cause huge long-term dissatisfaction and obesity .
I understand why people wrote such messages and why they &apos;re in such bad shape .
It &apos;s not like they &apos;re stuck in a particular project .
This long-term perspective has turned them into perspectives in their own lives .
They were frustrated not because they didn &apos;t get to their dreams , but because they could even start looking for them .
I looked at those boxes , and suddenly I realized that , in my opinion , non-tourists don &apos;t exist .
Right ! I think all of you are conservatives .
Maybe they &apos;re not as famous as some of us — ( Laughter ) — and maybe they &apos;re normally associated with terms , but remember , the majority remembers when there are no terms .
I want to show you one last thing .
I call it the Christmas Day .
It &apos;s a window every week of your life .
Turns out , not so many of them , especially knowing that we &apos;ve already used the skin .
I think we need to take a serious look at these calendars .
We have to think about what we &apos;re really expanding , because every life is expanding something .
We must not forget the State of the Millennium Development .
It &apos;s a work for all of us .
And because the windows aren &apos;t so much , it &apos;s the work we have to start today .
Well , not today , but ...
( Laughter ) You know .
Next time .
Thank you .
( Applause )
There &apos;s a man named Captain William Ssinson , who was recently arrested at the Gulf Council for his race in 2009 .
One of the rescuers was a sergeant who had gone down the pathway towards a medical emergency department .
What &apos;s amazing is that that day , thanks to the accidents , one of the evacuation physicians in the country had a camera registered by GoPro , and I recorded this event .
You can see how Captain Swanson and his community were bringing a cold war to his knees .
So I started thinking , where are these people coming from ?
What is it ? It &apos;s a deep emotion that governments want to do that .
It &apos;s a deep love , and I &apos;m trying to figure out why there are no people around me that I deal with so much ?
At the same time , we owe prizes to people who are willing to educate others to benefit us .
Everything is happening openly , right ?
And my first challenge was that they &apos;re just better people .
That &apos;s why they reuse their friendships .
Those better people are going to be connected to others .
But it &apos;s not .
I had the great honor of meeting several of the people we call heroes who were willing to take the risk to save others , and I asked them , &quot; &quot; Why would you do that ?
Why did you do that ? &quot; &quot; And they all said , &quot; Because they would do that for me . &quot;
It &apos;s deep belief and collaboration .
That &apos;s very important .
The consciousness of trust and collaboration is complex because it &apos;s feelings , not instructions .
I can &apos;t just say &quot; &quot; Trust me &quot; &quot; to make it happen .
Nothing special .
Whether it was the clock or the wind , and maybe the tiger with the heat , all of these forces are working to reduce the duration of our lives .
So in social animals , we live together , we work together , what we call safety , a gene where we feel empowered .
And in fear of security itself , the natural reaction was trust and collaboration .
It has privilege .
That means that at night , I can go up and make sure some of the guys are safe from the dangers .
The modern world is this .
It could be a new technology , it could be a nightmare for your business .
It can be your competition , which is sometimes trying to kill you .
Or to get out of business , but at least try to make your plans better and get out of your business .
We can &apos;t fight it .
These forces act over and over and over again .
The only challenge is the atmosphere in the same organization , and that &apos;s where leadership matters because the tone is creating leaders .
Shortly after the flight , I went on a journey , and I became an Indian journeyman : the journeyman tried to get on a plane before he had gotten on the number of numbers , and I watched as he worked at the intersection of his staff behaved with him like a lesion , like a passenger .
He was afraid he was going to try and fit a little bit later .
So I got stuck .
I asked , &quot; &quot; Why do they treat us like animals ?
Why can &apos;t you deal with us human ? &quot; &quot; And she said , &quot; &quot; Well , the word is .
&quot; &quot; Please , if I don &apos;t follow the rules , I can get in trouble or not get in trouble . &quot; &quot; She actually told me she didn &apos;t feel secure . She said .
Don &apos;t follow your leaders .
We like to deal with &quot; &quot; Southwest Airlines &quot; &quot; not because there are better workers there .
We love them because they don &apos;t fear their leaders .
You see , if conditions are simple , we &apos;re taking time and strength away from each other , and that &apos;s basically strengthening our organization .
The worst comparison for a great leader is being a parent .
What does it mean to be a good parent ? What does it mean to be a good parent ?
Different leaders want this .
Give people the opportunity , the education , the discipline , when necessary , to enhance their trust , the ability to try and push and push , and that &apos;s in order to achieve more than we can imagine .
Charlie Kim is the head of a company called &quot; &quot; Next Jump . &quot; &quot; It &apos;s a New York technology company . So this guy says that when you have trouble in families , do you have trouble keeping one of your kids away ?
Nobody does that .
Why do we get people working in our companies ?
In the short run of &quot; &quot; Next Jump , &quot; &quot; you will never be content because of the wrong admission .
That &apos;s why so many people feel so instinctively overwhelmed and asked those bank leaders for unproportional consequences and prizes .
It &apos;s not numbers .
The point is that they inherited the most important principle of leadership .
They have violated social consent laws .
This is what kills us . It &apos;s not numbers .
What would you notice if we gave the $ 150 million prize to Gandhi ?
Or the $ 250 million Mother Teresa award ?
Did you ask ? Of course not . None of us would ask .
Great leaders are not taught in any way .
It &apos;s called numbers .
They value the number of trees per person .
Bob Chapman , the CEO of the largest manufacturing company in the Midwest , Barry Wehmiller , in 2008 , took a very recession , and at night she lost 30 percent of all her responsibilities .
In most industrial companies , that means a lot , so they couldn &apos;t maintain the workforce .
They had to raise 10 million dollars , so like many companies today , the government was able to answer the question .
Bob can &apos;t do that .
Because Bob believes the numbers of workers .
and the workers &apos; hearts and minds are much harder to reduce heart numbers .
He was determined to pursue an exit program .
All the employees , from the secret to the director , were asked to leave the four-week unreveal .
Aristotle could have chosen randomly every four weeks of the line .
He said it was better for everybody to cheat after a little bit , not for anyone to cheat , and that &apos;s how he held employee moral .
Leadership is a choice . It &apos;s not a progress .
They — the government , and we do what they do , because they have a government in front of us , but we don &apos;t have the power of those people .
That &apos;s what leadership means .
I had to hear a story about some warriors , some warriors , some warrior waiting , and as the warriors were accepted , the leading official was given to the last and allowed the first to feed their people , and they ended up eating the leading official food .
And when they went back into the lobby , one of his people brought some food to get rid of it , because this is what happens .
We call them leaders , because they go first .
We invite leaders , because they value the growth alone , that only their people will be safe , and that their people should benefit , and by doing so , we &apos;ll achieve a natural response — our people will grow up for us .
They &apos;re opening their blood , their practice and their doors to make their leadership a reality , and they &apos;re asking them , &quot; &quot; Why did that happen ?
Why would you put your blood , your hands and your jaw on that person ? &quot; &quot; And they all say the same thing : &quot; Because they would have done it for me . &quot;
Isn &apos;t it an organization that we all want to work on ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
The most complex problems of our time can be solved with simple technologies if we can dream .
As a child , I learned that creativity is a tool for us to move from dreams to reality .
I learned this from my senior , Dr. Ruth Tichauer , a South immigrant who lived in the heart of Andes .
This is how I grew up : I was determined to see the future without any limits .
Part of my education was how I helped her work in the remote , local communities .
I love those memories , because they helped me understand life beyond the city limits , life with many possibilities , without language , culture and other barriers .
During this trip , my mother insisted on the Kipling list , &quot; &quot; Something &apos;s gone . Get out of it .
Just go and search for Calais .
Something that goes beyond the cube .
Go ahead and wait for you . Go ! &quot; &quot; So after six years , I became a medical student .
One in 100 children born all over the world have some heart disease .
Some of these problems , I think , I can solve — some of the problems that I &apos;ve spent my whole life working on .
The problem starts with smoking .
Vasis has survived mother vision .
Education depends on the relationship between the system and the swimming blood .
In the winter , this relationship has to end .
If it doesn &apos;t , the child has a heart attack .
It creates resistance and genetic conditions .
But what we know today is that dengue fever is also one of the reasons .
As you can see on the diagram , these tiles are dramatically increasing with pitch .
Video : ( Children believe . ) When you look at patients with this disorder , they seem to be trying to breathe .
The only treatment in the heart was a huge surgery .
One night my friend Maltese stepped across the Amazon .
The only thing that didn &apos;t take off was a green hook .
Then came the inspiration moment .
We used that shape as our first invention .
In the heart of the Skycar , it can be done with it .
Relativity is a waste of time .
It may not seem possible to you , but it was the first successful attempt to create an impact on these big problems .
In this video , we can see a very small catheter hitting the heart .
Once upon a time , there &apos;s a wall .
After this inspiration , there was a very long struggle to create and grow a prototype .
And vitro and internal studies took thousands of hours of work in the lab .
One , if it works , it can save lives .
I came back from UK to Bolivia thinking that wherever we go , we can do something good .
With our wife and partners , Alexander Heath , we started taking patients .
After successful treatment with our uncle , we felt very excited .
But we live in a place that is more than a mile high .
And patients need a special device that can treat heart failure .
Skycar in the upper city is different , because the coal in between the arteries is bigger .
Most patients can &apos;t be healthy , and they die .
The first one was successfully treated in half of the patients in Bolivia .
So again , research began .
We went back to the initial plans .
After many attempts , with my parents &apos; local friends in languages , we built a new machine .
In the meantime , local women told the story of a complex text with glasses and unexpected mixture helped us with a new machine .
We used this traditional hearing approach , and we created a design made out of very strong materials that captured the form of video .
It seems that at this time , hearing is allowing us to create a device that does not disrupt , because it &apos;s only made of one part .
It can transform itself into a complicated structural process that took decades to define .
As you can see , the device goes into the body through natural channels .
The doctors have to make a catheter through the sky .
Our device releases , reaches into the required help and makes a difference .
We have this beautiful infrastructure system that is easy to use because it works on its own .
It didn &apos;t require open-source surgery .
( Applause ) As doctors , we are battling diseases that require a lot of time and effort to survive — if they succeed .
Here &apos;s a child in front of the procedure .
As you can see — ( Applause ) As you can see , when the device is in place , the patient is 100 percent treated .
From the beginning to the end of the process , it takes only 30 minutes .
It &apos;s very helpful looking at medicine and human health .
It &apos;s very pleasant that some of the patients in the village are part of our team , because of the way we communicate with patients who work with us .
Together , we have one idea : The best decisions must be simple .
We &apos;re not afraid to create something new .
The rest is not easy .
There &apos;s always a lot of clients .
We harness the power of our patients .
Their ability to get strength and courage soon affects creativity .
Our goal is to ensure that any child is left behind by default , not by teachers or by adults .
So we have to start a foundation with a one-on-one model .
We give one machine to make sure every child is healthy .
We are many countries now , but we need to be everywhere .
This whole thing started with an impossible idea , and we spread it out , really : no child will die .
Thank you very much .
( Applause )
I grew up in Limpopo on the wall between Limpopo and Mumbai in a small town called Mumbai .
Wind and electricity were as unpredictable as air ; growing in such complicated circumstances when I was 17 , participating with a few friends on the ground and we grew up in the sun .
The sunlight is good for the earth .
When I was growing up , a friend of mine said , &quot; &quot; Interestingly , why can &apos;t no one do anything you want to put on the rooftop and not need to cure ? &quot; &quot; And I said , &quot; &quot; You know , I bought this . &quot; &quot; So I went home and I did some research , and I found some shocking statistics .
Over 2.5 billion people worldwide today have no access to water and sanitation .
450 million of these people live in Africa , and five million are in South Africa .
Different diseases are filled with these conditions , and the main of those diseases is called treatment .
Unfortunately , this infection in the eye caused by pneumonia when the eye is buried , and the bone infection can completely reverse .
This disease affects eight million people every year , and the shocking truth about it is that you have to avoid severe infections : no drugs , no pollutants or injections .
When I read about that statistic , I thought , &quot; &quot; Even if I don &apos;t do it for myself , and because I don &apos;t like it , I should do it to save the world . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) So with my favorite mobile phone , Nokia 6234 — I didn &apos;t have a laptop , I didn &apos;t have a computer , I didn &apos;t know how much I was using the Internet coffee with 20 lines of Wikipedia — I looked
It looked like something out of the CFC , you know ?
Then , okay , I had a format .
Now it has to be a real product .
After four years writing about 40 pages of businesses on my cell phone , and when I wrote a patent on my cell phone , while I was the youngest person sent out a patent in my country , and — ( &quot; &quot; Miss Fire ! &quot; &quot; ) — there &apos;s nothing more to add . ( Laughter ) I invented DryBath .
You &apos;re climbing on the edge and you &apos;re not reaching misery .
( Laughter ) So I started out trying to make a product in school , and then I had very limited resources , and I went to university and I met a few people , we got a handle on it , and now we have a fully functional product that we can put in markets , and I have this product , and we can make it happen .
We learned a few lessons when we commercialized and presented DryBath .
One of the things we &apos;ve learned is that unskilled communities don &apos;t perform at large numbers of products .
They cross when it &apos;s needed and how much it takes , and Amann Alex doesn &apos;t cross all the vacuum cleaners , and he takes one cigarette every day , even though it &apos;s cheaper .
So we started taking DryBath to a small innovation effort .
It allows for half and half .
The funny part is that one teacher will get one teacher in five years .
When I created this model , I realized something else about product application .
I realize that even rich fathers want to use DryBath . ( Laughter ) Just once a week .
It &apos;s estimated that in this way you can collect 80 million gallons of water every time you spend a waste water , you can also put two hours per day in a village , two hours per day , two hours per job , two hours per day for a child .
When we saw this kind of general benefit , we came up with a definition of the primary functions of our product , which was slavery and comfort .
DryBath is a rich man &apos;s identity , and for the poor man , the essential condition of life .
We &apos;ve tried the product , and now we &apos;re ready to go into the store , with intermediate partnerships , we &apos;re going to provide the market , one question I &apos;d like to ask the audience , on the real Limpopo , with 50 runs a week , I &apos;m going to reduce the way people don &apos;t use it .
Where are you looking ? ( Applause ) I &apos;m not done yet . I &apos;m not done yet .
Another important thing to learn during this process , Google picked one of the smartest young people in the world .
I &apos;m also the best student in the commercial world , the first African to have this approval , and most importantly , I did it because I don &apos;t like it . Thank you .
( Applause )
Five years ago , I was in graduate school , and I went back to the medical school I studied .
For the first time in 17 years , actually , since I became a leadership consultant , I went through a white coat and saw several patients .
Over the past month , two things struck me .
And I asked myself , would you like to see an outbreak like this , or will we not forget patients ?
Most countries you come from , and where I &apos;m from , they have problems with health care .
It will make a large part of national poverty .
And many reforms are trying to reduce that growth .
Other drugs don &apos;t mix , therefore they don &apos;t get to patients .
In other countries , doctors and nurses , in some sense , are the targets of government .
The very decisions in the health care industry are made by people .
You choose a brand lab test , you choose to operate an old and robust patient .
So by reducing the freedom of physicians , we can reduce and expand .
Eventually , some doctors would say that they don &apos;t have enough freedom to choose what they think is best for their patients .
So I &apos;m not surprised that some of my art colleagues are meaningful .
BCG : We looked at this question and asked ourselves , is it a good way to organize health care systems ?
So we took a step back and we said , what are we trying to achieve ?
In fact , in the health care system , we &apos;re trying to improve the patient &apos;s condition , and we have to do it with very limited outcomes .
It &apos;s worth a better health approach .
On the screen behind me you see what we mean by &quot; &quot; value &quot; &quot; : patient treatment results in relation to our money spent .
It was written beautifully in 2006 by Michael Porter and Elizabeth Teisberg .
In this picture , you see my wife understood three beautiful daughters .
When BCG started our research , we decided not to pay as much attention to the price but to look at the quality , and one of the things that was most exciting about our research was the translation we saw .
Compared to a hospital country , you can find incredibly good , but the numbers of bad are incredibly high .
The numbers were dramatic .
My daughter Erika is suffering from prostate cancer , and he probably needs surgery .
By living in Europe , it can drive to Ukraine , which is a good health system .
If he went to the middle hospital here , the likelihood that after treatment he would not have a stroke is about 50 percent , so he should start using solar again .
It &apos;s like a year &apos;s worth of assets , 50 percent risk . That &apos;s a lot .
If instead he went to Hamburg , to the Martin-Clinic clinic , the risk would be only five percent .
So either you take a year off , or you take a risk of one in two percent .
That &apos;s a big difference seven times .
If you look at lots of different diseases in terms of diseases , you can see huge differences .
Unless you and I don &apos;t know , we don &apos;t have data .
Often the data doesn &apos;t even exist .
Nobody knows .
So going to the hospital , the airport .
But it shouldn &apos;t . There &apos;s hope .
In the late &apos; 70s , there was a group of surgical surgeons that met in the middle of the summer , and talked about the procedures they used to operate in a group .
On the left-hand side of this slide , you see a subset of metal labor groups that are used by someone who needs a new club .
They all understand that their operations are different .
Everybody argues that &quot; &quot; my approach is better , &quot; &quot; but none of them certainly knew it and admitted it .
So they decided , &quot; &quot; We should measure the quality , then we know , and we can learn the best way . &quot; &quot; They spent two years . &quot; &quot; What &apos;s the quality of the job ? &quot;
And when they met , they started measuring and sharing their data .
They quickly explained that if you put concrete on the bone of the patient , before you put metal pressure , it takes a long time , and most patients will never need another operation .
They translated the data , and it changed the clinical practice of the country .
Everybody saw that this made sense .
Since then , they &apos;ve been collecting data every day .
Over the next year , they focused on saying , what &apos;s the best , what &apos;s the worst ?
They &apos;re pushing each other to learn — it &apos;s an unbelievable improvement .
For many years , Swedish surgeons see the best results in the world , at least for those who are equal , and many don &apos;t .
I love this principle .
The therapists get together , they figure out what &apos;s the best , they start exploring , they share the data , they find the best and they conclude .
Final improvement .
But that &apos;s not the only happy part .
It &apos;s just an exciting thing .
If we remember the effect of the price on the balance , and we look at it , it turns out that those who have achieved charity have also experienced the least exposure , even though that was not the first goal .
Let &apos;s look again at the history of group surgery , and a few years ago , a study was conducted compared to the U.S. and Sweden .
It was investigated how many patients had to have surgery once in seven years after the first operation .
The U.S. has been three times larger than Sweden .
We looked at OECD data .
OECD sometimes does a research on the quality of health care when it comes to data in countries .
For many diseases , the U.S. Constitution is smaller than average , then OECD .
If the U.S. healthcare system would be meeting with quality observation and expanding its quality to the OECD average , that would save the U.S. 500 million dollars a year .
That will make 20 percent of the health care workers in the country .
You might say these numbers are incredible , but is it logical , is it possible ?
It would be a paradigm shift in health care , and I would say , not only could it be done , but it should be done .
In the health care system , doctors and nurses .
The only thing they have in common is that they care about what they achieve by looking at the quality of the patient .
They were always the best in class .
We were the best class .
And if anyone can show them that what they &apos;re giving to their patients is nothing better than what they &apos;re giving them , they &apos;ll do whatever they want to promote .
But most of them don &apos;t know .
But therapists have another self .
They like to know others .
If a cardiologist invites another cardiologist to work in another hospital and argue about why the next hospital gets better outcomes , they share information .
So by measuring and creating a transparency , we get a constant improvement cycle , which we see on this slide .
Most people say it &apos;s a beautiful idea , but it &apos;s not just an idea .
It &apos;s actually happening .
We create a global community , a large global community , where we can look and compare what we achieve .
Together with two academic assistants , Michael Porter , at Harvard Business School , and the Carolina Institute in Sweden , BCG has formed what we call SRMTK .
Tell me the trick here , but it &apos;s not a trick , it &apos;s an acronym .
It means the International Committee of Health Metrics .
We bring together the best doctors and the patients , the diseases after the disease , which is really a qualitative thing to count and turn them into medieval standards .
They &apos;ve been working — they &apos;ve been working in groups for the past few years : cataract , deaf pain , arthritis disease , heart disease , prostate cancer .
Four groups show this laptop .
This is the first time we compare data , not just in the country , but in the middle space .
Over the next year , we &apos;re planning to look at eight diseases , another year , 16 .
In three years , we &apos;re going to look at 40 percent of the disease burden .
Compare those two things . Which ones are better ?
Why ?
Five months ago , I conducted a teaching at the largest hospital in Northern Europe .
They have a new CEO whose vision is , &quot; I want my government to suddenly achieve quality , important outcomes for patients . &quot;
That day we were sitting in the classroom with doctors and nurses and others , discussing children &apos;s deprivation .
We asked , how can we measure what today ?
Can we do it better than we do now ?
We talked about how healthy children are , what are the important implications ?
We talked about , what &apos;s the cost of teaching patients , or can we treat them more effectively ?
The room was filled with energy .
So many ideas , so many excitement .
At the end of the session , there was a peak exhibition .
He looked at the whole group , and he said — I forgot , first of all , he raised his hand — he raised his hand , put the beauty down and said to everybody , &quot; &quot; Thank you .
Thank you . Today , we &apos;re finally talking about what this hospital does right . &quot; &quot; Steven &apos;s health care approach , which is not only costly , but also the outcomes that we see in patients , can be personalized in hospitals and other health care systems to make it not a problem , but part of the solution .
I believe that observing the value of a healthcare approach can begin to translate , and I think that modern-day medicine , beautiful Hippocrates , which has always been the most important , put their hands on .
Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m excited to be able to share some of my amazing discoveries , which are the most successful corporate successes , which are really important to success in the first place .
I believe that startup companies are one of the best ways to make the world a better place .
If you put together a group of people with the right outcomes and put them into a startup company , you can unlock the potential of people to the table .
They can achieve incredible things .
But if startup companies are so great , why are they so bad ?
This is what I wanted to explain .
I wanted to find out what matters most to companies .
I wanted to try and do a methodology , try to avoid some of my fears and perhaps some of the mistakes that I &apos;ve made with many companies I &apos;ve seen .
I wanted to know this because I &apos;ve been making a business for 12 years now , when I was in first school selling license plate protectors on a bus stop , when I was in high school doing solar power plants when I was in college .
We learned a lot from these failures .
I tried to look at what worked best for companies success and failure .
So I looked at these five .
First , idea .
I used to think that the idea was everything .
I started my company Ideal , because I value &quot; &quot; aha ! &quot; &quot; moment when you first think about ideas .
But for a long time I began to think that perhaps team , achievement , adaptation was more important than ideas .
I never thought I was feeling the textbook on Mike Tyson &apos;s TED stage , but once he said , &quot; &quot; Everyone has a plan before anybody can put it on the line . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) And I think that &apos;s true for business .
The common density most shows its ability to adapt to the degree from the client .
The client is a real reality .
And so I started thinking , maybe teams are the most important thing .
Then I started looking at business model .
Does a company have a very clear path , like a generation &apos;s revenue from a client ?
In my mind , it started to settle that perhaps it was the most powerful influence of success .
Then I looked at funding .
Sometimes companies got very big funding .
Is this the most important thing ?
And then , of course , time .
Did the idea turn out to be too late , and the world wasn &apos;t ready for it ?
Do you need to learn the world ?
I looked at 100 companies and 100 others to try and find something systematic about this .
First of all , these &quot; &quot; ideas &quot; &quot; companies , top five companies — Citysearch , &quot; &quot; CarsDirect , &quot; &quot; &quot; GoGoTo , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; NZero , &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; Tickets.com. &quot; &quot; has achieved a billion dollars of success .
And at the end of five companies — Z.com , Insider Pages , MyLife , Desktop Factory , Play-Doh — we were very hopeful of them , but they didn &apos;t .
I tried to refine all of these findings , as it seemed to me , as businesses followed by every aspect .
And then I looked at the unfortunate success not at Ideal in companies like Airbnb and Instagram , Uber , YouTube and LinkedIn .
And a few yellows : &quot; &quot; Webvan , &quot; &quot; &quot; Kismet , &quot; &quot; &quot; Pets.com , &quot; &quot; Floods &quot; and &quot; Friendster . &quot;
The companies had strong funding , in some cases even business models , but they didn &apos;t succeed .
I tried to look at the actions that were most successful in these companies and failures , and the results were startling me .
Some number one was time .
Time was 42 percent important , calculating the difference between success and famine .
This company appeared just at the beginning of the recession , when people needed more money , and perhaps it helped people to improve their resistance to the unknown .
These legs are Uber .
Volunteers were searching for extra money , and that was very important .
In the early days of our successes , Citysearch resulted when people needed networks .
&quot; &quot; GoTo.com , &quot; &quot; which we published in 1998 at TED , came out when businesses were looking for ways to attract coercion .
We thought the idea was great , but the time was really important .
And then some of us won &apos;t .
We started a company called Z.com. , which was an Internet service .
In 1999 to 2000 , the payoff was flying .
It was hard to see the visual content on the Internet , you had to add houses on the block and do other things , and the company eventually got involved in 2003 .
Two years after the coding problem solved Adobe Flash , and when the coding budget was over 50 percent in America , at the same time , there was YouTube .
It &apos;s a great idea , but it &apos;s an unbelievable time .
Before YouTube , there was no business model .
So in closing , I would say that accomplishment is really important .
Ideas are also very important .
But time can be more important .
And the best way to measure time is with your clients , are they ready for what you have to offer them ?
I hope that these trends will probably help you reach higher rates of success , and therefore make something great for this world that otherwise would not happen .
Thank you very much , you &apos;re a great audience .
( Applause )
I was a good student . I had a lot of hope , a lot of joy , starting a student &apos;s life , reading , in the evening , getting involved in student jokes .
I felt very unhappy in the sight , uncomfortable , uncomfortable , afraid of other people , future , failure and curiosity that I felt inside .
I graduated from kindergarten , and it all started , and I slept with my wife , and I closed my skirt , just like hundreds of times before , when I heard a voice suddenly saying , &quot; She walks out of class . &quot;
I discovered that there was nothing in the environment , but the clarity of the commentary and the reality was incomplete .
&quot; It &apos;s hard to do . &quot;
That was the beginning .
And he spent days and weeks commenting on all the third person .
&quot; She goes to the reading . &quot;
He was neutral , he was branded , and even after a while , he was strangely friendly and confident , even though sometimes I noticed he was reflecting my unexpected emotions .
For example , when I was angry and I slept , and I used to sleep , because I was angry , then the voice was angry .
A little bit later , there was a famous saying that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and the fact that I heard it said something wrong with me .
I told my doctor at my university .
And then I became almost curious and funded , so I told him about strange comments .
For example , I was working on a television station with students who had translated the knowledge into a field of university , and through a quiet conversation , I said , &quot; &quot; Please , Dr. , I need to go .
Since then , I &apos;ve been fascinated by an accident .
I was sent to the hospital , and then I was diagnosed with schizophrenia , and then , even worse , I was struck by a sense of paralysis , a sense of paralysis , an awareness and a sense of longing for myself and my future .
When I was tempted to look at that voice , not as an experience , but as a symptom , my fear and desire became increasing .
And then I basically turned to the aggression in front of my own mind , it was like a southern civil war , and I started to hear more voices , and those voices went backwards and forwards .
Do you see that glass of water ?
There was a burden of fear , anger , uncertainty and uncertainty , and it was a sin in which I felt empowered , unable to find any right or wrong .
After two years , my condition was very overwhelming .
I had all the usual repertoire : growing up voices , ridiculous hallucinations , strange , unspeakable beliefs .
Now , remembering those yellow dots over the last few years , it looks like someone had died , but at the same time something had been saved .
The family had begun to be murdered and taken away by the person , but the person who survived all of this was a victim and eventually grew up in the person I was supposed to become .
I &apos;ve been fascinated by many people in my life , and I remember them all , but those memories stick with people who helped me .
I believe Eleanor can pull this off .
Sometimes it &apos;s all going to happen , but it &apos;s always coming in the summer . &quot; &quot; Fourteen minutes is not enough to convince all the good and good people who fought with me and for me , and waiting for me to get out of that crazy and unique place .
At first it was very difficult to believe that because the voice looked counterintuitive and horrible , it was essential for the first step — to learn metaphorical meaning from the meaning of the knowledge that I believed before .
For example , the voices that kept coming home , I learned to interpret them as my own fear and ungrowth in the world , not real dangers .
At first I expected them .
I remember , for example , one night I was sitting outside my parents &apos; bathroom door to protect them from what it looked like to be a real storm .
It was like , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t start with me .
I have a plastic bag , or mum ? &quot; &quot; Strategic .
Everything was known , and I finally got my hands on it , and each piece had my voice , and after a while I removed all the drugs and went back to the psychiatric area , but on the other hand .
Now I &apos;m a big advocate of the Intergovernmental Panel , an organization that is part of the International Hearing Voice Movement , and its creation was inspired by Professor Marius Romme and Dr. Sandra Escher , and she sees the voice as a strategy of executing , healthy response to innocent environments , not a crime and schizophren@@
This society is not only possible ; it &apos;s becoming a reality .
In the words of Chavez , beginning for social change , they cannot pass them back .
You can &apos;t meet a person who &apos;s doing well .
You can &apos;t even afford people who are not afraid .
Over the past 20 years , the Hearing Wright Foundation has created a voice network in 26 countries , in five countries , and it &apos;s working together to promote a sense of urgency and oneness , giving powerful people who are facing mental problems , creating a new language and behavior that gives hope that essentially gives them back the way they can &apos;t believe .
As Peter Levine said , human beings are a unique creature dedicated to self-healing and intellectually capable of using this engagement .
In this respect , the social landscape has no greater humility or privilege for helping other people get out of their way , to be mentors and to raise their hands , sharing their feet and giving hope to live .
We &apos;re special . We &apos;re not changing .
What lies inside of us can never be touched , expressed and remembered .
The lights never go out .
As one great doctor once told me , &quot; &quot; Don &apos;t tell me what other people are telling you .
Tell me about myself . &quot; &quot; Thank you .
( Applause )
I &apos;m here to share my photo .
But is this a photograph ?
Because unfortunately , these are photos that are impossible to photograph .
However , my interest is a photograph of the kilo when I first photographed my first digital camera when I was five years old .
It was a little bit of a surprise for my early paintings , but it was a little different , because using a camera , it &apos;s more important to plan .
And photographing the process ends when it finishes the museum .
So , photography meant being in the right place at the right time .
It seemed to me that everybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something else , something where the process begins when you cut the button .
Photographs like this : there &apos;s a long way to go .
But there is also mistrust .
And yet , reality is preserved .
Or photographs like this : both dark and colorful , but with the same intention : to keep reality .
By saying &quot; &quot; reality , &quot; &quot; I mean the reality of photography .
Because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can actually capture , but I always wanted it to look as if it was possible to capture any kind of picture .
Photographs that require a brief moment of thinking to understand the truth .
So it &apos;s more important to capture the idea , not the actual moment .
But what is it about humility to make a photograph that is so real ?
Is it something about detail or about color ?
Is it about light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes it &apos;s perspective and it &apos;s illusion .
But ultimately , the point is how we understand the world , and how it can be done on a two-story surface .
It &apos;s actually not real ; we think it looks real .
So I think the principle is pretty simple .
I just see it as a curve of reality in which different parts of reality can carve different parts of reality to create an alternative reality .
Let me give you a simple example .
We have three wonderful physical objects that we can deal with in the Third World .
But connecting them in a way can create something that still seems three-dimensional , so that it might exist .
But at the same time , we know we can &apos;t .
So we lose the brain , because it simply doesn &apos;t accept the fact that it &apos;s completely irrational .
I see the same thing with photographs .
It &apos;s simply a different reality gift .
So what makes photographs real , I think , is something that we don &apos;t even think about , is something that &apos;s going on in our everyday lives .
But when you download the photos , it &apos;s very important to think about it , because in other words , the photo just looks kind of wrong .
So there are three simple rules that a leader needs to follow in order to achieve the actual outcome .
As you can see , these images are not unique .
But connecting them can create something like this .
So the first rule is : photographic shots should be taken from the same perspective .
Second , collaborative photographs should have similar education .
These two pictures meet both needs : it &apos;s photographed at the same altitude and in the same light .
The third rule : You cannot be able to tell where different images start and where they end . The photo has to be lonely .
It &apos;s not possible to say how the image was actually created .
So by measuring colors , contrasts and lights in between the images and distinct images , by moving photo details like the color of the waist , by combining color and texture , we &apos;re breaking the boundaries between different images , and this is how they look like a single image , despite the fact that a single image can actually be made of hundreds of squares .
So here &apos;s another example .
( Laughter ) Some people might think it &apos;s just nature , and the other half is changing .
But this image is actually all connected in different places .
I personally think it &apos;s easier to create a space than to find it , because then you don &apos;t have to look for controversy for ideas .
But it takes lots of planning .
When I thought about this idea of land , I knew that I had to spend a few months planning everything , finding different parts of the curve .
For example , the film was shot in a star .
The continents are in different places .
A single portion of it is taken inside the glass .
And yes , I even put home on the red room to look Swiss .
So in order to achieve the actual outcome , I think the most important thing is planning .
It always begins with essence , with ideas .
And then we collapse , and we add photographs .
And here each part is very well thought , planned .
If you &apos;re good at replacing what you need , the outcome can be pretty and pretty real .
So all the tools are reached , and the only thing that limits us is our imagination .
Thank you .
( Applause )
The documents from the Panama Papers started a secret sauce , a dense office world .
Suddenly we stopped .
Icelandic prime minister .
It &apos;s estimated that the six companies that make up two billion U.S. dollars are related to President Putin and his childhood friend , indeed , violent .
There are more tourists who are waiting for a new story , about another document being made .
It all sounds like a joke or a John Grisham novel .
It doesn &apos;t sit with us , ordinary people .
Why should we care ?
In fact , if rich and powerful individuals can afford to pay property and not educate the students , it &apos;s much cheaper for public services , like healthcare , education , some variables .
It matters to all of us .
My Global Witness organization is a phenomenal demand .
Science and political leaders matter how office space can be used to steal our airplanes . We &apos;ve been talking about this for decades .
I think a lot of the official world is vibrating , not understanding how it works .
I imagine him as a mathematician .
Company can be in another company , and that &apos;s another one , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s hard to find out what &apos;s behind all the structure .
It &apos;s hard to do legal protection , and institutions , journalists , ordinary citizens don &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on .
Interestingly , this event did not destroy the U.S. intelligence .
It doesn &apos;t mean that there aren &apos;t rich Americans who are blind to the airports .
That &apos;s because Mossack Fonseca has fewer customers in the United States .
I think if document were to be made out of the classrooms of Kamenna , Delaware , Western or Nevada , we &apos;d see more connections to Americans .
Freedom in America allows workers to expand schools for students , girls , investors .
That affects all of us .
Global Witness wanted to know what the officer looked like in practice .
These were just random meetings , no lawyers took them as customers , and the money wasn &apos;t translated , and yet , there are problems in the system .
It &apos;s important to note that this is not an individual reality .
It &apos;s about how the system works , how it allows corruption , how it allows the students to break out .
Well , the U.S.
So we want the Panama Papers to give us a glimpse into the official world to reveal U.S. and the world .
We , Global Witness , see it as a sign of time for translation .
It requires business leaders to say , &quot; The last business is not a place . &quot;
Politicians have to recognize this issue and encourage change .
Together , we can finish the slavery that makes the circumstances of education , corruption , money flourishing and so on .
Chris Anderson : Welcome , Julian .
It turns out that your kid , WikiLeaks , over the past few years , is going to be reporting more fragile documents than the rest of the world combined .
Could that be ?
Julian Assange : Well , can it be ?
The real concern is that the whole world works so simple that groups of activists can gather more of this kind of information than the rest of the world combined .
CA : How does that happen ?
How do people contribute those documents ?
And how do you ensure that resource security ?
JS : You can say that these people are classic data-driven inventors , and there &apos;s no way they can give us information .
We &apos;re using the latest methods of encryption on the Internet , not cutting down footprints , until information is embedded in countries like Sweden and Belgium and law enforcement and enforcement .
We get the information in an electronic device , roughly , encrypted or not , in real time as well as in regular news reports , and we give the formula — which is very difficult to do sometimes , because language is about the transition of massive information and the transition of ourselves from unprecedented legal and political policies .
CA : You &apos;re obviously trying to make sure that the documents are real , but in fact you almost never know what the source of information is .
JS : That &apos;s true . We all know in very rare cases , and if we &apos;re going to find out about this , we &apos;re going to get this information as quickly as we can .
( Shouting ) All right .
( Laughter ) CA : I think there &apos;s a TED Prize winning here . ( Laughter )
Let &apos;s take an example .
A few years ago , you were looking for something .
If you can show this document ...
This story happened in Kenya a couple of years ago .
Can you tell what you looked for and what happened later ?
JS : That was Kroll &apos;s reply .
It was a devastating account that the government of Kenya said after the election in 2004 .
In 2004 , Kenya was about 18 years old , ran by Daniel or Moi .
He was the Director of Kenya .
When the government came to Kibera , with the coalition that was trying to remove the corruption in Kenya , they answered this study , and together with one more coherent response , they spent about two million dollars .
The government wanted to use it as a political precedent against Moi , which was , of course , the richest person in Kenya .
This was a journalist in Kenya .
So I went there in 2007 , and we were able to get information in front of the same election — the national election on the 28-day route .
We published an account within three days after the new president of Kibera decided to connect with the man who wanted to vote — Daniel or Moi — so this account of the president of Kibera has become incoherent .
CA : So in conclusion , you can say that the responsibility of information was determined to Kenya not from the official knowledge but inadequate . You think it really changed the outcome of elections ?
JS : Yes . This information came out on the front page of &quot; &quot; The Guardian , &quot; &quot; and then it was translated into rural Kenya , Tanzania and South Africa .
Information came from the outside .
And after a few days , it was safe and it was safe in Kenya .
Those well-known Kenyan television broadcasts were broadcast 20 Westerners , and in Kenya &apos;s database , 10 percent changed the vote and didn &apos;t make the election .
CA : You know , your search for information basically changes the world .
JS : Yes .
( Applause ) CA : We want to show you a short video clip from Baghdad , an air-conditioned BMW video .
The film is longer . This is just a short exposure .
I want to argue that this task is not designed for people who are more sensitive .
Radio : ... fuckin , if you could , everybody thought .
I see your element , four Humvee , driving one by one ...
Okay . Great . Great .
Tell me when you saw them . Sorry .
Explain them all .
First , gossip !
( Automobiles ) Shake . Shake . ( Cheers ) Shake .
Excuse me — Bushmaster D-6 , Bushmaster D-6 .
We have to move . It &apos;s time .
Okay , so we &apos;ve just lost eight people .
Yes , we see two birds , and they &apos;re still happy .
Sorry . I see you .
Twelve , sixty-six , we move .
Oh , sorry . What happened here ?
After all , Kyle . Okay , ha . I sold them .
CA : So what was the impact of this video ?
JS : Well , for those of you who did it , it was very true .
We sent two people to Baghdad to do a study of this history .
This shows just three initial attacks that happened in this place .
CA : In this case , 11 people died , right ? Reuters reading two news agencies .
JS : Two Reuters , two kids .
It lived from 18 to 26 people .
CA : The search for this video has produced a universal conclusion .
How did I think that was the main cause of disability ?
JS : I don &apos;t know . Maybe people have seen illegal forces .
These are people who are desperately walking down the streets , and Abu Dhabi is a mile away , and each one of them spends 30 millimeters on an archive looking for a toothpaste and killing people who are desperate .
There were two journalists in the audience who were actually not mainstream , who are working their own work .
CA : It was taken by the U.S. State Department of Defense analysis by Bradley Manning , and it was revealed that this video was given to you , and together , 280,000 slaves of U.S. ambassadors .
Did he do that ?
JS : We refused to take this billboard .
Five days ago , he was convicted of crashing down 150,000 calories and drilling 50 .
At the beginning of this year , we &apos;re in the U.S. Ambassador Reica , but it &apos;s not necessarily about accidents .
I want to say that in this ambassador , I was a common lawyer .
CA : If you were to get tens of thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables ...
JA : We would be a researcher . ( K. Anderson : Really ? ) JA : Yes . ( K. Anderson : Why ? ) JL : Well , because these things reflect the truth about , let &apos;s say , the Arab government , certain human rights violations in those states .
Looking at this cross-section of the globe is exactly what this image looks like .
CA : Let &apos;s talk a little bit more about that .
What is your philosophy ?
Why do you think it &apos;s right to share bad information ?
JA : It depends on how important information is to the world , what information can be made of .
There &apos;s a lot of information .
That the information that the organizations cannot afford , the resources that are put out there , then that &apos;s a good sign , that allows you to expect something good , an organization that owns the information that knows everything from the beginning to the end , has a lot of work to improve that information .
We &apos;ve seen that in practice . But from that comes the story of journalism .
CA : But is there a risk for individuals or even societies that the decisions of information can actually cause unintended consequences ?
JS : It wasn &apos;t our search for information .
I want to say that the politics of modern immunization is broken .
There were times when we had information that we could consider personal — that we could identify individuals .
But there are times when the right information cannot be stored , for example , health data , that &apos;s an intended consequence , but our countries that provide information actually have a basis to do it .
CA : You &apos;re supposed to do that .
And what you would say , for example , if the father that his son was serving in the U.S. military would say , &quot; &quot; You know , you tried what you wanted to find had unexplained mothers .
It turns out that American wars laugh from dead people .
It makes an impression — it &apos;s made an impression to millions of people around the world that American wars are inhumanitarian .
Actually , it &apos;s not . My son &apos;s not . How are you friends ? &quot; &quot; What did you answer to that ?
JS : Yes , we often hear things like that .
But remember , people in Baghdad , people in Iraq , people in Afghanistan don &apos;t have to watch that video ; they see it every day .
So the video won &apos;t change their minds . It won &apos;t change their understanding .
They see it every day .
But video can change the way we think and understand people who are learning all this , and that &apos;s our hope .
CA : So this is a way to shine light into black companies and governments ?
Light is good .
But doesn &apos;t it seem ironic to you that by striving to engage in other purposes , you yourself are holding onto the page of your information ?
JS : Not exactly . We don &apos;t have a single Wikipedia address .
We don &apos;t have any resources to be soldiers in other countries .
If we could find that , we would find that a good situation , but we &apos;re doing our work so that people can feel the moral consent of our missions , not the other way around .
CA : I would love to know — what you &apos;re hearing right now — what the TED audience thought was .
Understandably , there may be different beliefs about the work of WikiLeaks and Juliano .
Or a grandmother , a grandmother , washed up the light .
Or a dangerous predator .
Who &apos;s the older man ?
What do I think he &apos;s a dangerous predator ?
JS : Well , I was friendly . Someone must be .
CA : This is the Supreme Court , Juliano , the Supreme Court .
We need to be more confident . Let &apos;s give them another example .
You &apos;ve got things you haven &apos;t looked for yet , but you &apos;re going to do it at TED .
What just happened was an interesting event , right ?
Let me tell you about it .
JS : That &apos;s the exhibition of our activity , the daily activity .
At the end of last year , a laptop took place in some oil fields in Albania , similar to the Gulf of Mexico , not just that big city .
We have a responsibility — an engineering analysis of events that have been written that conservation workers from various competing oil companies have dealt with building gas .
There was a conflict involved and part of the governments of Albania .
There was no explaining information above the surface of the engineers , so it was a very difficult document for us .
We couldn &apos;t check it because we didn &apos;t know what he was writing , even though we understood what language was going on .
So we looked at the document fairly skeptically , thinking maybe what kind of competing oil companies are aiming for themselves .
So we helped the document in the country saying we should look at it skeptically .
We don &apos;t know what we can do .
that matter seems interesting , right , but we can &apos;t just check it out , and this week we got a letter from a company that was writing letter after letter after letter after letter after letter . ( Applause ) They wrote that they wanted to explain the source . And we said , &quot; &quot; Look specifically .
What kind of document are you talking about ?
Can you prove you have a right to doodle ?
Does it really belong to you ? &quot; &quot; And then they sent us a beautiful picture of the document , and in the Microsoft Word ID , the authors of the document were published .
So .
( Applause ) And this happens quite often .
It &apos;s sort of one of our ways that we &apos;re going to be able to identify or check the material that we have , which is that we &apos;re hoping these guys would write messages to us .
CA : Did you get information from BP employees ?
JS : Yes , we get a lot of information , but right now we &apos;re going through intensive search and technical work .
So our publishing numbers have come down over the past few months , because a few of the great interests , we &apos;ve now locked our core systems .
Investigation is the wrong problem .
Like every initial organization , we &apos;re very happy about our growth , which means that we get a tremendous amount of information that &apos;s out there that &apos;s out there , but we don &apos;t have enough people to go around and check that information .
CA : And what defines the likelihood , or the likelihood that journalists are likely to work , or are they threatened by airline journalists ?
JS : Yes . And people of well-being .
I want to say that we are an organization that is rapidly growing , and that &apos;s driving our material behavior . We have restructures that we have people who can work with the highest national weaknesses , and also the lower incidence of information .
CA : So to give you a sense of how you got to this kind of action .
I would argue that as a child , you were taught in 37 different schools .
Could that be ?
JS : My parents worked for the movie business and then dropped off of the sequence , so these two combinations ...
( Laughter ) K. Anderson : The psychologist would say that this is a recipe for how to make a mess .
JS : Who , the movie theater ?
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) CA : You were a young hacker , and you were pretty young at the law school .
JS : Well , I was a journalist .
As a young boy , I became an active journalist .
I read a newspaper that I was following as an adult .
So you have to act compassionately with hackers .
I want to say that this is a method that can be applied to different tasks .
Deah , at the present time , is mostly the Russian map wanting to dissect your old bank account .
So this word is not as crazy as it was before .
CA : Well , I don &apos;t actually think you have any ancient bank account . What is your core value ?
Can we encourage them , perhaps tell us what event they took away from their choices ?
JS : I couldn &apos;t answer the event .
But the fundamental value is that intelligent , wealthy people don &apos;t leave behind bars , they grow up caring .
This understanding remained from my father and from other intelligent people , a few people I &apos;ve met in my life .
CA : Right , so some people don &apos;t leave behind helmets , do they care ?
JS : Yes . You know , I &apos;m a struggle , so I can &apos;t really deal with cars , but in a certain sense — there &apos;s another way I can deal with crazy people is to open up cars for justice .
This is a hut that I had for a very long time .
CA : So , tell me a little bit , in a minute , what happened in Iceland ?
Something researchers , when they were dealing with the bank , after that knowledge was encouraged to tell this story .
Instead , they &apos;ve shifted your position .
This gave you a large population in Iceland . What went on ?
JS : It &apos;s an unfair story .
Iceland had a financial crisis .
Every country was a difficult problem .
In the banking sector of the country , GDP was 10 times larger than the rest of the economy .
However , over the past few years , we &apos;ve been reading .
And the national television station was laid down for five minutes to transition , and as a movie starts to tell you about compassion , the readers were watching , &quot; Never been . What &apos;s going on here ? &quot;
Throughout that time , on television as a result , our Internet site was shown , and we were in very troubled Iceland , we were driving around , talking about these things .
In general , there was a sense that this would never have been done again , and the result of this event was that , together with some of the Icelandic politicians and some international law enforcement experts , we encouraged a new set of law enforcement that would allow the Icelandic to become a kind of official liberal freedom campaign , in which the world &apos;s
Iceland is the northern country , so , like Norway , it can fit into the system .
A month ago , these law enforcement acts were unanimously adopted by the Islamic State .
CA : That &apos;s at least .
( Applause ) Last question , Julian .
When you think about the future , as I think it will be — or Diddy Brolis is going to be more chaotic , is it going to be more chaotic , is it going to be more chaotic , is it going to be more chaotic , are we going to watch the Big Bang , or is it going to be able to see the middle process ?
JS : I &apos;m not sure what &apos;s going to happen .
There &apos;s a strong claim to harmonize the law of freedom of speech to find more disagreement — that &apos;s happening all over the world , in the European Union , between China and the U.S.
Which one shall we go through ? It &apos;s hard to calculate .
That &apos;s why it &apos;s an interesting time to live now , because the task of one or the other is to destroy all of the movements that we have in our village , one or the other .
CA : I think I &apos;m going to say the audience &apos;s opinion : Juliano , be responsible , and let &apos;s move on .
JS : Thank you , Chris . ( KA : Thank you . ) ( Applause )
Day one .
My name is Udo .
I &apos;m a photographer from Russia .
I come across a balance between meaningful ideas , aesthetics , beauty , composition , irony and artifacts .
Today I &apos;m going to tell you about a project I call Desperate Dream .
I took a picture and I helped a new , modern meaning , talking about me in Russia , asking people who aren &apos;t models , but have interesting stories .
This boy is a professional dancer only at the age of 12 , but in high school he &apos;s blind that he &apos;s blind , and he doesn &apos;t have that kind of brutality , wanting not to be rejected by the classrooms as if he didn &apos;t have the personality .
This boy has purpose and dreams , but he blinds them to be accepted , because being different is not easy , especially in Russia .
The other portrait is a metaphor .
And this is Nikita , one of the bars of Sanc Peterburg .
He likes to say , &quot; &quot; I wouldn &apos;t like you , &quot; &quot; quote from the movie , but I never saw him .
He blinds his feelings , the romantic side , because in Russia , among men , there &apos;s no reason to be romantic , but it &apos;s a luxury to be surrounded by women and to look like an aggressive Snake .
( Laughter ) Sometimes I take a picture of my project and I give it a new meaning and a new context .
Sometimes I make fun of cheese and play with words : irony , the gay person , the gay person .
( Laughter ) In artifacts , I ask the social questions that interpret me in Russia .
The interesting fact about the Syrian tradition is that most 18-year-olds , 19 year-olds , are already ready and willing to meet .
We learned from childhood that successful vocabulary means a successful life , so many girls struggle to get a good man .
What about me ?
You &apos;re 27 .
I &apos;m a senior society , and I have no hope to spend .
That &apos;s why you see me with the battlefield of Mexico , with the battlefield , with the battlefield of nearby ours .
But remember , the irony is rocket science , and I do this by wanting to motivate girls to pursue goals and dreams and change strategies .
Be friendly . Be irony — that helps .
Be happy and create magic .
( Applause )
I &apos;m Jane McGonigal . I &apos;m a games designer .
In games world , we &apos;re getting more .
Whereas all the world &apos;s Warcraft players spent 5.93 million years solving the virtual problems of Azeroth .
And it &apos;s not necessarily a bad thing .
We evolve to be social and wise beings .
And in fact , the consequence of that is true social relations .
Five million people use it every month .
I &apos;m trying to solve this problem .
His work is amazing . He knows why .
But that , in no way , is not an optimal situation .
We need to start making real things more like play .
Before great games , we had cars .
People were crying . People were crying .
It really is .
After 18 years at the end of the Heart Institute , the king decided that we needed to kill the last party .
We want to imagine passive happiness and then give people the tools to achieve it .
We created this game in 2007 .
It &apos;s going to be an extraordinary story , and it &apos;s going to happen .
We have a dream story . We have a number of skills as a regional basis , as a network of knowledge creation , comfort , vision and looking at outcomes .
My big idea is just a small idea , to be able to open up millions of big ideas that currently seem to us .
And that little idea is smile .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) There &apos;s a whole room of women in effect . There &apos;s a whole room .
Women are not raped .
I experienced what was valued by my left hand .
Two and a half years ago , I stepped back from absence .
And as I walked up the stairs , I broke my neck , and my right eye was dizzy .
Then I began to discover my value again .
During that time , I &apos;ve been teaching , I &apos;ve been talking to doctors , I &apos;ve been talking to scientists , and I &apos;m here to tell you that the journey to productivity , the greater inspiration and the happier life is to remove .
( Applause ) We women are going to be the opposite of this new revolution , this new idea of feminism .
We get altitude by hunger , literally .
( Laughter ) ( Applause ) Because unfortunately , men &apos;s immigration became equal to men .
I was having dinner with a man who recently survived that night before that day , four hours before that .
And I wanted to say — although I didn &apos;t say — &quot; &quot; You know what ?
If you &apos;re five years old , dinner &apos;s going to be a bit more interesting . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) It came as a bit of a surprise .
Especially here , Washington , if you want to meet the party , and you say , &quot; &quot; Do you truly wake up in the morning ? &quot; &quot; you might say , &quot; &quot; I &apos;m too late , but nothing , I &apos;m going to address the tennis , I &apos;m going to address some puzzles , and we &apos;re going to meet eight . &quot; &quot; They think that means they &apos;re very cautious and produc@@
So high IQ .
It doesn &apos;t mean you &apos;re a good leader , because the essential point of leadership is to be able to see the ice in front of him going to Titanic .
And our secrets have grown too many glaciers .
In fact , it seems to me that if the Lehman Brothers were brothers and sisters were Lehman , they wouldn &apos;t be bankrupt .
( Applause ) Where all the bridges would have been extremely dry and connected , maybe the sight would have been spotted in the ice , because it would have been seven and a half hours later and would have been able to see a shared image .
So right now , when we face all the world &apos;s crisis , what &apos;s good for us personally is what brings more happiness and gratitude and efficiency to our lives , what &apos;s the best in our careers is the best and the world .
So I urge you to reach out and find some great ideas that will connect us , pull out the maggots and find my power .
Thank you .
( Applause )
This story about how visualization should be valued very seriously .
Fourteen years ago , I first encountered a fairly common material — a women &apos;s network , aging age , using the same goal .
Today , I use it to create long-distance , long-distance , high-resolution buildings in cities around the world .
It wasn &apos;t like I was able to do that .
I &apos;ve never studied sculpture , engineering or architecture .
Actually , after college I graduated from college , I went to seven art school , and all of their candidates were coming .
I started volunteering and became 10 years old when I received an offer from the Fulbright program to go to India .
With a lot of hope to open up the shows , I sent the paintings off the wall , and I also went to the city of Mahabharata .
The last day of the show came , but my paintings hadn &apos;t been answered ...
I had something to have .
The village of animals was the voice of their crowd .
So I tried breakfast .
But for the creation of a large skull , it was too difficult and too painful .
I went to my studio to pee , and I watched the stars rolling down my sleeve in the grass on the snow .
Every day I would see it , but I would also look at that extraordinary opportunity — a new way to create sculptures , a new way to create thousands of shapes without hard materials and hard materials .
My first enlightened sculpture was created by collaborating with these stars .
It &apos;s a self-portrait of &quot; &quot; Flight of the Bumblebee . &quot; &quot; ( Laughter ) We have posted a collection of photos .
I discovered the sharp surfaces of her shoulder connecting with every wind blob , continuously changing her writing .
This blew my mind .
I continued to study traditional views and collaborate with amateurs , later in Libya and later on in deception .
I loved the detail that I could articulate in my work , but I wanted to make them bigger , that from surprising objects they would become what could be done ...
Back in India , working with stars , we built a network of about a half a million hands of garbage , and the culture was thoroughly built by Madrid .
Thousands of people saw it , and one of them was an urban planner by Manual Sola-Morales , who was designing the bridge design in Porto , Portugal .
He asked me if I could build this as a long town .
I didn &apos;t know if I could somehow guarantee my work .
To make them artificial , well-constructed , long-term , opposite of specific glaciers and timber .
Two years ago , I was looking for a lung that would hold ultraviolet light , a drum , an arm , an extension , and it would also remain relatively easy to fly in the wind .
We needed something that would keep the network above the line in the middle .
So we launched this 4,000-pound load cell .
We had to design it so that they could move around with the wind and keep the wind going .
But there was no design programs that could model anything flat and move .
I &apos;ve worked with great aviation engineers designing bad U.S. power stations , Peter Heppel .
He helped me to challenge two challenges : achieve perfect form and easy movement .
I couldn &apos;t keep building in the same way , because my hands couldn &apos;t keep up with the buttons .
So I collaborated with the industrial glass industry , I understood the ability to make machines and how they don &apos;t work .
But there was no language that could be translated into this one-year-old gesture by ordinary machine operators to create this .
So we had to build a driving car .
Three years later , and two children were born , we raised 50,000 breaths a net .
It was hard to believe that what I had just imagined was built , long and unlost , none of that authentic .
( Applause ) This room was white and dry .
Now it matters .
Go after this shot for the first time .
I watched as the wind was creating a choreography , and I felt as if there was a disconnect between the skin and the skin ...
My life was no longer the same .
I want to create this kind of crowdsourcing of cities around the world .
I &apos;m going to tell you two new headlines that I &apos;m working on .
An ancient city of Philadelphia : her apartment , I felt , was much easier than making a sanitary pad .
So we did an experiment with tiny little pieces of water to create a smell that could be shaped by wind , and in the experiments , also people who could participate in all that without destroying it .
I &apos;m using this material to create a subway station on the ground in real time . It &apos;s like the range of the city &apos;s movement system .
Another challenge : Entering the culture and ideas of the Biennial of the Americas , the organizers in Denver asked me if I could imagine the 35-west corridors of the West and their communities in one sculpture .
( Laughter ) I had no idea what to start with , but I said yes .
I read about the last earthquake in Chile and the tsunami floating across the entire Pacific .
It translated the tectonic plates of the Earth , reinforced the understanding of the planet , and yet , it was contaminated on Earth day .
I met NOAA , and I asked if they would share the tsunami information , and then I turned it into this .
It &apos;s called &quot; &quot; 1.26 , &quot; &quot; which means the microscope that hit Earth every day .
I couldn &apos;t build it as normal , using a stainless steel .
Their structure was too complex .
So I &apos;ve taken metal and I &apos;ve turned it into a mini fabric network of matter , 15 times the density of matter .
This sculpture was already completely unthinkable , so it was so easy to be attached to the building and just be part of it .
There was no computer program that could design such complex network patterns and model them by looking at the earthquake .
So we had to create this .
After that , I grew up in New York City , and I was asked whether I could apply my work to Times Square or the High Line .
A new way of thinking allows me to create and build sculptures that fit in the sky .
Where they haven &apos;t funded yet , I &apos;m already dreaming of reaching out to many cities around the world where they &apos;re most needed .
Fourteen years ago , I was looking for a beautiful traditional form of beauty .
Today , I &apos;m telling you this with high tech and engineering to create a pathetic shape of buildings .
My creativity is growing horizontally .
I &apos;ll close with this story .
A friend of mine called me the city of Phoenix .
A lawyer who never believed in art , never did a museum of local art , drew everything he could , out of his workshop and decided to go after this sculpture .
With the bone marrow across the globe , we were watching the wind shifting writing next to strangers leading to the discovery of surveillance ...
Thank you .
( Applause ) Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . ( Applause )
And in order to understand this slide , you need to look at the horizontal axis of your age .
We &apos;re losing certain abilities , literally .
She &apos;s six months old .
( Applause )
I basically became a body of women .
If you &apos;ve ever seen a human brain , then you know that both sides are completely open from each other .
I apologize . Thank you . It was very small . ( Audience : I don &apos;t know . )
Information flows through all of our sensory systems at the same time , and it creates a wide variety of images of what this current moment seems like , how it feels , how it feels , how it feels .
I am an energy essential , connected to the environment in my right quadrant .
At this moment , we &apos;re perfect , we &apos;re alone , we &apos;re amazing .
My left hemisphere — our left hemispheres — works differently .
Our left brain is mindful and metaphorical .
Our left brain is thinking in words .
All I could look at was energy . Energy ...
I wanted to see what had happened to me .
I felt the simplicity of the body . Imagine that .
